THE

﻿STATUTES

OF

THE UNITED KINGDOM

OF

GREAT BRITAIN AND IRELAND.

WITH NOTES AND REFERENCES

By JOHN RAITHBY, of Lincoln's Inn, Esq.

BARRISTER AT LAW.

VOLUME THE SEVENTH.

From A.D. 1817; 57 George III. - To A.D. 1819; 59 George III.

BOTH INCLUSIVE.

With a copious Index.

LONDON:

Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King's Most Excellent Majesty;

And by Andrew Strahan, Law Printer to the King's Most Excellent Majesty.

M.DCCC.XIX.

A

TABLE

Containing the TITLES of all

THE STATUTES,

Passed in the FIFTH Session of the FIFTH Parliament

OF

The United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland;

57° GEORGE III.

PUBLIC GENERAL ACTS.

1. An Act to continue and extend the Provisions of an Act of the Forty-ninth Year of His present Majesty, for regulating the Trade and Commerce to and from The Cape of Good Hope, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty; and also for regulating the Trade of the Island of Mauritius. Page I

---

2. An Act for raising the Sum of Twenty-four Millions, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and seventeen. [See Cap. 132. § \2.poJl.-\ 2

3. An Act to empower His Majesty to secure and detain such Persons as His Majesty shall suspect are conspiring against His Person and Government. [«S>* Cap.$5. pofl. Ibid.

4. An Act to extend the Privileges of the Trade of Malta to the Port of Gibraltar. 3

5. An Act for continuing to His Majesty certain Duties on Malt, Sugar, Tobacco, and Snuff, in Great Britain; and on Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates, in England; and for receiving the Contributions of Persons receiving Pensions and holding Offices 5 for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and seventeen. Cap. 132.

12. poJl. Ibid.

6. An Act to make perpetual certain Parts of an Act of the Thirty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, for the Safety and Preservation of His Majesty's Person and Government against Trasonable and Seditious Practices and Attempts; and for the Safety and Preservation of the Person of His Royal HighneSi The Prince Regent against Treasonable Practices and Attempts. 4

7. An Act to revive and make perpetual Two Acts of the Thirty-seventh Year of His present Majesty, the one in the Parliament of Great Britain, and the other in the Parliament of Ireland, for the better Prevention and Punishment1 of Attempts to seduce Persons serving in His Majesty's Forces by Sea or Land from their Duty and Allegiance to His Majesty, or to incite them to Mutiny or Disobedience. 6

8. An Act to continue, until the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and twenty, an Act of the Fifty-second Year of His present Majesty, to regulate the Separation of damaged from found Coffee, and to permit Dealers to send out any Quantity of Coffee not exceeding Eight Pounds Weight without Permit. 6

9. An Act for vesting all Estates and Property occupied for the Barrack Service in the Comptroller of the Barrack Department; and for granting certain Powers to the said Comptroller. Ibid.

10. An Act to regulate the Vessels carrying Passengers from the United Kingdom to certain of His Majesty's Colonies in North America. 9

11. An Act to facilitate the Progress of Bufinest in the Court of King's Bench in Westminster Hall. 10

12. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion 5 and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters. [See Cap. 35. pof.] 11

13. An Act for the regulating of His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore. 16

14. An Act to indemnify such Persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and for extending the Time limited for those Purposes respectively until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eighteen; and to permit such Persons in Great Britain as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, to make and file the fame on or before the first Day of Hilary Term One thousand eight hundred and eighteen. Ibid.

15. An Act to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, an Act of the Forty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, for granting an additional Bounty on the Exportation of the Silk Manufactures of Great Britain. Ibid.

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

16. An Act for raising the Sum of Eighteen Millions, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and Seventeen. Cap. 132. §12. post.] 17

17. An Act to repeal, during the Continuance of Peace, so much of an Act of the Ninth Year of His present Majesty* as prohibits the Exportation of Pig and Bar Iron, and certain Naval Stores, unless the Preemption thereof be offered to the Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy* Ibid.

18. An Act to facilitate the hearing and determining of Suits

in Equity in His Majesty's Court of Exchequer at Westminster. Ibid.

19. An Act for the more effectually preventing Seditious Meetings and Assemblies. 18

20. An Act for making further Regulations in respect to the Pay of the Officers of the Royal Navy, in certain cases therein mentioned* 26

21. An Act to revive and continue for Two Years, and from thence until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, Two Acts made in the Forty-seventh and Fiftieth Years of His present Majesty, for the preventing improper Persons from having Arms in- Ireland. 31

22. An Act to amend Two Acts of the Fifty fourth and Fifty fifth Years of His Majesty's Reign, to provide for the better Execution of the Laws in Ireland, by appointing Superintending Magistrates and additional Constables in Counties in certain cales. 31

23. An Act to further continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty, an Act of the Seventh Year of King George the Second, for the free Importation of Cochineal and Indigo. 32

24. An Act to alter and enlarge the Powers of an Act, passed in the Fifty fourth Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the further Improvement of the Land Revenue of the Crown. Ibid.

25. An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the

Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty, for repealing the Duties of Affefied Taxes, and granting new Duties in lieu thereof$ apd to exempt such Dwelling Houses as may be employed for the sole Purpose of Trade, or of lodging Goods, .Wares or Merchandize, from the Duties charged by the said Act* 35

26. An Act to amend and render more effectual Four several Acts passed in the Forty eighth, Forty ninth, Fifty second and Fifty sixth Years of His present Majesty, for enabling the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt to grant Life Annuities. 36

27. An Act for repealing the Duties of Customs on Buck Wheat imported into this Kingdom, and for granting other Duties, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, in lieu thereof. 39

28. An Act to extend the Powers of Two Acts, for allowing British Plantation Sugar and Coffee, and other Articles imported into Bermuda in British Ships, to be exported to America in Foreign Vessels, and to permit Articles, the Produce of America, to be imported into the said Island in Foreign Ships, to certain other Articles. 40

29. An Act to extend to Newfoundland the Provisions of an Act passed in the Fifty second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for permitting the Exportation of Wares, Goods and Merchandize from any of His Majesty's Islands in the West Indies, to any other of the said Islands, and to and from any of the British Colonies on the Continent of America, and the said Islands and Colonies. 41

30. An Act to regulate the Interests and Periods of Payment of Navy, Victualling and Transport Bills. Ibid.

3 I An Act for granting to His Majesty a Sum of Money to be raised by Lotteries. [See Cap. 132. §12. poJl.-\ 42

32. An Act to repeal the Duties of Excise on Stone Bottles,

and charge other Duties in lieu thereof. [See Cap. 119. pof.'] 42

33. An Act to reduce the Allowance of Spirits, Tea and

Tobacco for the Use of the Seamen on board certain Ships or Vessels making short Voyages. 43

34. An Act to authorize the Issue of Exchequer Bills, and the Advance of Money out of the Consolidated Fund, to a limited Amount, for the carrying on of Public Works and Fisheries in the United Kingdom, and Employment of the Poor in Great Britain, in manner therein mentioned. 44

35. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters. 56

36. An Act to regulate the Trade to and from the Places

within the Limits of the Charter of the Bast India Company, and certain Possessions of His Majesty in the Mediterranean. n yj

37. An Act to explain and amend an Act of the Fifty third Year of His present Majesty, relating to Tolls on Carriages used in Husbandry, and to remove Doubts as to Exemption of Carriages, not wholly laden with Manure, from Payment of Toll. 60

38. An Act to continue, until the Fifteenth Day of June

One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, an Act of the Fifty second Year of His present Majesty, for the more effectual Preservation of the Peace, by enforcing the Duties of Watching and Warding. Ibid.

39. An Act to extend certain Provisions of the Acts of the

Thirty sixth and Fifty second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty to Matters of Charity and Friendly Societies. 61

40. An Act to authorize the rewarding Officers of the

Customs for their Services in preventing illicit Distillation in Scotland, under an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament. Ibid.

41. An Act to repeal Two Acts passed in the Fifty fourth and Fifty fifth Years of His present Majesty, relating to the Office of the Agent General, and for transferring the Duties of the said Office to the Offices of the Paymaster General and Secretary at War. Ibid.

42. An Act to revive and continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, an Act made in the Forty fourth Year of His present Majesty, for permitting the Exportation of Salt from the Port of Nassau in the Island of New Providence, the Port of Exuma and the Port of Crooked Island in the Bahama Islands, in American Ships coming in Ballast. 63

43. An Act for granting, for Two Years from the Fifth Day

of July One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, Bounties on Sugar refined otherwise than by Claying. Ibid.

44. An Act to allow Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, when assembled for the Suppression of Riots or Tumults, to be quartered and billetted, and Officers on Half Pay to hold certain Commissions in such Corp* and to exempt Members in such Corps from serving the Office of Constable. 64

45. An Act for the Continuation of all ?nd every Person or Persons in any and every Office, pfece or Employment, Civil or Military, within the Uivted Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, Dominion, of Wales, Town of Berwick upon Tweed, Iflea of Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sarke and Many and also in all and every of His Majesty's Foreign Possessions, Colonies or Plantations, which he or ftie shall hold, possess orexercise during the Pleasure of the Crown, at the time of the Death or Demise of His present

(Public General) 57° GEO. III.

Cent Majesty, until removed or discharged therefrom by the succeeding King or Queen of this Realm. 64

46. An Act to prevent the issuing and circulating of Pieces of Copper or other Metal, ufuaffy called Tokens. 65

47. An Act for settling and feeuring Annuities on Lord

Colchester, and on the next Person to whom the Title of Lord Colchester shall defeend, in Consideration of his eminent

Services. 68

48. An Act to make further Provision for the Adjustmient

of the Accounts of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom, and for making good any occasional Deficiency which may arise in the said Fund in Great Britain or Ireland respectively; and to direct the Application of Monies by the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt. 70

49. An Act for altering and amending the Laws of Excise

with respect to Salt and Rock Salt. 7a

50. An Act to continue an Act made in the Fifty-fourth

Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to provide for the preferring and refioring of Peace in such Parts of Ireland as may at any time be dtfturbed by seditions Personst or by Persons entering into unlawful Combinations or Conspiracies. 93

51. An Act to regulate the Celebration of Marriages in

Newfoundland. Ibid.

52. An Act to alter an Act passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for the more effectual feeuring the Payment of Rents, and preventing Frauds by Tenants. Ibid.

53. An Act for the more effectual Punishment of Murders

and Manslaughters committed in Places not within His Majesty's Dominions. 94

J4. An Act to enable the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues to make and maintain a Road from Milbank Row, Westminster, to the Penitentiary. 05

55. An Act to continue an Act to empower His Majesty

to secure and detain such Persons as His Majesty shall suspect are conspiring against His Person and Government.99

56. An Act to amend the Laws in respect to forfeited Recognizances in Ireland. 100

57. An Act to empower His Majesty to suspend Training,

and to regulate the Quotas of the Militia. 106

58. An Act to allow Brittish Goods to be exported direct from this Country to the United States of America upon the fame Terms as when exported to any Foreign Country.

107

59. An Act for letting to Farm the Post Horse Duties, and for better feeuring and facilitating the Recovery of the said Duties. 108

60. An Act to regulate certain Offices in the Court of Exchequer in England'. 115

61. An Act to abolish the Offices of the Wardens, Chief Justices and Justices in Eyre, North and South of Trent.

116

62. An Act to abolish certain Offices, and to regulate certain other Offices, in Ireland. 117

63. An Act to regulate the Offices of Clerks to the Signet

and Privy Seal. 119

64. An Act to abolish certain Offices, and regulate others, in

Scotland.*Ibid.

65. An Act to enable His Majesty to recompense the Ser-

vices of Persons holding, or who have held, certain high and efficient Civil Offices. 122

66. An Act to amend an Act of the Twenty-second Year of His present Majesty, for suppressing or regulating

certain Offices therein mentioned, so far as relates to the Board of Trade; and for enabling the Vice President of the Board of Trade to send and receive Letters and Packets free from the Duty of Postage. 125

67. An Act to regulate certain Offices, and abolish others,

in His Majesty's Mints in England and Scotland respect-ivdy. 126

68. An Act to amend the Laws relating to Sheriffs in Ireland.

127

69. An Act to continue until the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, and to amend an Act passed in Ireland, in the Thirty-sixth

Year of His present Majesty, for the Improvement and Extension of the Fisheries on the Coasts of Ireland. 128

70. An Act to relieve Persons impugning the Do6trine of the Holy Trinity from certain Penalties, in Ireland. Ibid.

71. An Act to amend an Act of the Fiftieth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for repealing the several Laws relating to Prisons in Ireland, and for reenacting such of the Provisions thereof as have been found usual with Amendments. 129

72. An Act to continue until the End of the next Session of

Parliament Two Acts made in the Fifty fourth and Fifty sixth Years of His present Majesty, for regulating the Trade in Spirits between Great Britain and Inland reciprocally. 130

73. An Act to allow the Exportation of Woollen or Bay

Yarn from Ireland by Licence obtained there. 131

74. An Act to extend several Acts for allowing the Im-

portation and Exportation of certain Goods and Merchandize to Porta Maria in the I Hand of Jamaica, and to the Port of Bridge Town in the Island of Barbadoes. Ibid.

7y. An Act to abolish the Punishment of Public Whipping on Female Offenders. - 132

76. An Act to amend an Act of the Fifty-fourth Year of His present Majesty, to regulate the Payment of Drawback on Paper allowed to the Universities in Scotland. Ibid.

77. An Act for extending the Provisions of an Act of the

Fifty-fourth Year of His present Majesty, for regulating the Payment of Army Prize Money; and for authorizing the Commissioners of Chelsea Hospital to suspend the Pen* lions of such Persons as shall be guilty of Frauds in respect of Prize Money or Pensions. 133

78. An Act for fixing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers. 134

79. An Act to permit the Transfer of Capital from certain

Public Stocks or Funds in Great Britain to certain Public Stocks or Funds in Ireland. 135

80. An Act for raising the Sum of Nine Millions, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and seventeen. [See Cap. 1 $2. §12. pofl.] 138

81. An Act for raising the Sum of Three Millions six hundred thousand Pounds British Currency, by Treasury Bills, in Ireland, for the Services of the Year One thousand eight hundred and seventeen. [SeeCap. 132. §12. pofl. Ibid.

82. An Act to continue an Act passed in Ireland in the

Thirteenth [and Fourteenth Years of His present Majesty, respecting certain Annuities, so long as the said Annuities shall be payable. 140

83. An Act to amend an Act, made in the last Session of

Parliament, for providing for the Charge of certain Additions to the Public Debt of Ireland. Ibid.

84. An Act to regulate the Offices of His Majesty's Exchequer in England and Ireland respectively. 141

85. An Act to permit, until the Fourteenth Day of Novem- ber One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, the Importation of Com and other Articles in any Ship and from

any

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

any Country; to permit such Articles which may have been warehoused for Exportation only*to be entered for Home Consumption; and for indemnifying all Persons who have given Directions for the Importation of Corn and other Articles, or the taking the fame out of Warehouse free of Duty, and who have ated in obedience thereto. 142

86. An Act to pesmit the Importation of Foreign Cambricks

and Lawns into Ireland, on Payment of the like Duties as

are chargeable In Great Britain. Ibid.

87. A* At to amend Two Ats passed in the Forty fifth

Year of His present Majesty, and in the last Session of Parliament, for the making more effectual Provision for the Prevention of Smuggling. 143

88. An Act to permit Fuller's Earth, Fulling Clay and To-

bacco Pipe Clay, to be carried Coastwise under certain Re-ftritions. 149

89. An Act to allow the Importation of Oranges and Lemons

from the Azores and the Madeiras into the British Colonies in North America. Ibid.

90. An Act for the Prevention of Persons going armed by

Night for the Definition of Game; and for repealing an At, made in the last Session of Parliament, relating to Rogues and Vagabonds. 150

91. An Act to enable Justices of the Peace to settle the

Fees to be taken by the Clerks of the Peace of the respective Counties and other Divisions of England and

Wales. 151

92. An Act to regulate the Administration of Oaths in certain cases to Officers in His Majesty's Land and Sea Forces. 152

93. An Act to regulate the Costs of Distrefies levied for Payment of Small Rents. Ibid.

94. An Act to amend an At of the last Session of Parliament, for the more easy assessing of County Rates. 154

95. An Act to exempt the Territories within the Limits of the East India Company's Charter from certain of the Navigation Laws. 155

96. An Act for suspending, until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and twenty, the Duties on Coals and Culm removed Coastwise within the Principality of Wales, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof. 156

97. An Act for ratifying Articles of Agreement entered into* by the Right Honourable Henry Hall .Viscount Gage, and the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues; and for the better Management and Improvement of the Land Revenues of the Crown. 157

98. An Act for ratifying the Purchase of the Impropriate

Retory of Saint Mary le bone in the County of Middlesex. 169

99. An Act to consolicjate and amend the Laws relating to Spiritual Persons holding of Farms 5 and for enforcing the Residence of Spiritual Persons on their Benefices; and for the Support and Maintenance of Stipendiary Curates in England. [By this Act, § I. the 13 Eliz. c. 20. as to certain Particulars therein mentioned, is repealed; but the whole of that Act, together with all Explanations, Additions and Alterations thereof, was previously repealed by 43'G. 3. c. 84. £10.] 177

100. An Act to renew the Powers of exonerating Small Livings and Charitable Institutiona from the Land Tax, and for making further Provision for the Redemption of the Land Tax. 192

101. An Act to continue an At, intituled An Act further to extend and render more effectual certain Provisions of an Act passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the First, intituled 'An Act to prevent frivo- Ions and vexatious Arrests and of an Act passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the

7

Second, to explain, amend and render more effcQudl the said former A8; and of Two Acts, passed in the Nineteenth and Forty third Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, extending the Provisions of the said former A Be. 198

102. An Act to defray tnejCharge of the Pay, Cloathing and contingent Expences of the Disembodied Militia in Great Britain, and of tho Miners of Cornwall and Devon / and for granting Allowances in certain cases to Subaltern Officers, Adjutants, Quartermasters, Surgeons' Mates and Sezjeant Majors of Militia, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eighteen. Ibid.

103. An Act for defraying, until the Twenty fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia of Ireland; and for making Allowances in certain cases to Subaltern Officers of the said Militia during Peace. 301

104. An Act to reduce the Number of Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers in the Militia of Ireland, whilst disembodied.

203

105. An Act to encourage the Establishment of Banks for

Savings in Ireland. Ibid.

106. An Act to provide for the Establishment of Asylums

for the Lunatic Poor in Ireland. 210

107. An Act to provide for the more deliberate Invefiigation

of. Presentments to be made by Grand Juries for Roads and Public Works in Ireland, and for accounting for Money raised by such Presentments. 211

108. An Act for the Regulation of levying Tolls at Fairs,

Markets and Ports in Ireland. 219

109. An Act to abolish the Subsidy and Alnage of the Old

and New Draperies, and of all Woollen Manufatures, in Ireland; and to authorize the Payment out of the Consolidated Fund of an Annual Sum to John Lord de Blar quiere, during the Continuance of his Interefi in the Office of Alnager. 220

110. An Act to make further Regulations for the better col-

leting and securing the Duties upon Spirits difiilled in Ireland. 221

hi. A11 At to suspend, until the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, a Part of the Duties on Sweets or Made Wines. 225

112. An Act to amend an At of the Twenty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for better regulating the Office of Treasurer of His Majesty's Navy, as far as relpets the Mode of Applications for certain Services in the Victualling Department. 226

113. An Act to prevent the further Circulation of Dollars and

Tokens, issued by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for the Convenience of the Public. Ibid.

114. An Act to continue, until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, Two Ats of His present Majesty, allowing the bringing of Coals, Culm, and Cinders to London and Westminster. - 228

115. An Act to extend the Provisions of an At of th* Twelfth Year of His late Majesty King George the First. and an At of the Twenty second Year of His late Majesty King George the Second, against Payment of Labourers in Goods or by Truck, and to secure their Payment in tte lawful Money of this Realm, to Labourers employed in the Manufature of Articles made of Steel, or of Steel p*id Iron combined, and of Plated Articles, or of other Articles of Cutlery. 229

116. An Act for limiting the time now allowed by Law for Prodution of the Certificate of due Delivery of Goods removed from one Warehousing Port in Great Britain to another for the Purpose of Exportation 5 for altering the

- Hours for shipping Goods in the Port of London; and to empower Officers of the Customs and Excise to permit the

Removal

(Public General) 57° GEO. III.

Removal of Goods from one Bonding Warehouse to another in the fame Port. 230

117. An Act to regulate the issuing of Extents in Aid. 231

118. An Act for authorizing the Executors or Administrators

of deceased licensed Navy Agents to receive Prize Money, Bounty Money and other Allowances of Money upon Orders given to such deceased Agents. 232

j 19. An Act to exempt British and Irish Stone Bottles, made and used for the sole Purpose of containing Liquid Blacking, from the Duties of Excise on Stone Bottles granted by an Act of this Session of Parliament. 233

120. An Act to authorize the Court of Directors of the East India Company to make extraordinary Allowances, in certain cases, to the Owners of certain^Ships in the Service of the said Company. 234

it 1. An Act for regulating Payments to the Treasurer of the Navy under the Heads or Old Stores and Imprefts. 235

122. An Act to extend the Provisions of an Act of the Twelfth Year of His late Majesty King George the First, and an Act of the Twenty second Year of His late, Majesty King George the Second, against Payment of Labourers in Goods or by Truck, and to secure their Payment in the lawful Money of this Realm, to Labourers employed in the Collieries, or in the working and getting of Coal, in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; and for extending the Provisions of the said Acts to Scotland and Ireland. 236

223. An Act for imposing a Duty of Excise on the Excess of Spirits made from Corn in England above the Proportion of Nineteen Gallons of Spirits for every One hundred .Gallons of Wash 5 and for further securing the Duties on Wort or Wash made for distilling Spirits in England; and for authorizing the Shipment of Rum for Stores in Casks containing Sixty Gallons. Ibid.

*24. An Act to amend an Act made in the present Session of Parliament, for authorizing the Issue of Exchequer Bills,

and the Advance of Money for carrying on Public Works and Fisheries, and Employment of the Poor. 242

125. An Act to authorize the driving and keeping a Hackney Coach or Chariot under the fame Licence. 24c

126. An Act to repeal an Act, passed in the Fifty fourth

Year of His present Majesty, for the Funiftiment of Persons destroying Stocking or Lace Frames, and Articles in such Frames 5 and to make, until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and twenty, other Provisions in lieu thereof. 246

127. An Act to settle the Share of Prize Money, Droits of

Admiralty, and Bounty Money payable to.Greenwich Hospital, and for securing to the said Hospital all unclaimed Shares of Vessels found derelid, and of Seizures for Breach of Revenue, Colonial, Navigation and Slave Abolition Law9. 247

128. An Act for extending the Exemptions from the Duties

granted by certain Acts of the Forty third and Forty fifth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, in Dwelling Houses in Scotland; and for altering the Manner of claiming and ascertaining the Exemptions to be granted. [The Exemptions of 43 G. 3. c. 161. are in §12. of that A8. No A8 of the 45 G. 3. is mentioned in the Body of this Act.-] 248

I $9. An Act for vesting in His Majesty a certain Part of the Open Commons and Waste Lands within the Manor or Royalty of Rialton and Retraighe alias Reterth in the Parish of Saint Columb Major, in the County of Cornwallf 249

130. An Act to encourage the Establishment of Banks for

Savings in England. 255

131. An Act for the better Regulation of Polls, and for

making other Provisions touching the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for Places in Ireland. 261

132. An Act for applying certain Monies therein mentioned

for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament. 267

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS,

1

DECLARED PUBLIC,

AND TO BE JUDICIALLY NOTICED.

LAN Ad to extend the Limits of an Act, made in the JL"\. last Session of Parliament, for preventing Frauds in the Admeasurement of Coals in certain Parishes in the Counties of Middlesex and Essex. Page 275

ii. An Act for paving the Footways, and for lighting and

deaniing the Streets, Lanes and public Places within the Tow* and Borough of Tetbury, in the County of Gloucester, and foi preventing Nuisances therein. 276

iii. An Act for continuing the Term and enlarging the

Powers of Two Acts of the Seventeenth and Thirty eighth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Henfield to Brighthelmfione, and from Poynings Common to High Crofst in the County of Sussex; and for repealing so much of the said Acts as relates to certain Parts of the said Roads. Ibid.

iv. An Act for more effectually repairing the Roads from

Coventry to Warwick, and from Coventry to Martyn*s Gut-ter, in toe County of the City of Coventry, and in the County of Warwick. Ibid.

v. An Act for repairing the Road from the Gross Hands, on

ibe, Worcester and Oxford Turnpike Road, to Halford

Bridge, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Gloucester, Warwick and Worcester. Ibid.

yi- An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts of His late and present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Town of Shrewsbury to Bridgnorth, and several other Roads near or adjoining thereto, in the Counties of Salop and Stafford. 276

vii. An Act for making better Provision for the Support and

Maintenance of the Kedor of the Parish of Saint Olave, in the Town and Borough of Southwark; and for providing a more convenient Rectory or JParfonage House for the said Rector. Ibid.

viii. An Act for further continuing, until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Powers given by an Act of the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty, for enabling the Commissioners acting in Execution of an Agreement made between the East India Company and the private Creditors of the* Nabobs of the Carnatic, the better to carry the fame into Effect. .277

ix. An

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

vm

he. An Act for providing a convenient House, with fnitable Accommodations, for His Majesty's Judges at the Assizes for the County of Northampton. ibid.

x. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the

Road from kf^eft Houghton to Duxbury Stocks, in the County of Lflnc after. 281

xi. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from Towcester to the Turnpike Road in Cotton End, in the Parish of Hardington, in the County of Northampton. Ibid.

xu. An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from and out of the Turnpike Road at the Bottom of Coalbrook Dale, in the Parish of Madeley, into the Turnpike Road leading from Shiffnall to Shrewsbury, at or near a Place called Watling Street, in the Parish of Wellington, all in the County of Salop. Ibid.

xiii. An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from the Town of Cromford to the Town of Belper; and for making a Branch of Road from and out of the said Road near the River Amber, to join the Turnpike Road at Bull Bridge, all id the County of Derby. 282

xiv. An Act for lighting and watching Kentish Town in the Parish of Saint Pancras in the County of Middlesex. Ibid.

xv. An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Stratford upon Avon Canal Navigation to raise Money to discharge their Debts, and to complete the said Canal. Ibid.

xvi. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts of the Seventeenth and Thirty seventh Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Halifax to Sheffield, in the West Riding of the County of York, so far as relate to the Road from Penistone to Sheffield. Ibid.

xvii. An Act to continue and amend an Act passed in the

Thirty fifth Year of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, altering, improving and keeping in Repair the Road leading out of the Turnpike Road between Aylesbury and Wendover, through Prince's Rijborough, to West Wycombe, in the County of Buckingham. Ibid.

xviii. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts passed for repairing and widening the Roads from the East End of Brough under Stainmoor hi the County of Westmorlarid, by the End of Appleby Bridge, to Eamont Bridge in the said County. Ibid.

xix. An Act to amend an Act of the Fifty fifth Year of His present Majesty, for building a new Church and Workhouse in the Parish of Bathwick, in the County of Somerset. Ibid.

xx. An Act for improving and maintaining the Harbour of

Ayr, and for regulating Vessels referring thereto. Ibid.

xxi. An Act for providing an additional Burial Ground for the Parish of Sculcoates in the East Riding of the County of York. Ibid.

xxii. An Act for amending an Act of His present Majesty,

for rebuilding Newton Chapel, in the County Palatine of Lancaster..Ibid.

xxiii. An Act for better lighting the Streets and Houses of the

Metropolis with Gas. Ibid.

xxiv. An Act to amend an Act, of the last Session of Parliament, for the better repairing the several Roads leading into and from the City of Worcester. 293

xxv. An Act to continue and amend Two Acts of the Fif-

teenth and Thirty fifth Years of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road leading from Yarmouth Bridge through Little Yarmouth, to Gorlefton, in the County of Suffolk..Ibid.

xxvi. An Act for amending the Roads leading from Bqfing-stone, near Bagshot, through Farnham, in the County of Surrey, and Alton and New Aires ford, to Winchester, in the County of Southampton. Ibid.

xxvii. An Act for more effectually improving the Road from Richmond, in the County of York, to Lancaster, in the County of Lancaster> and the Road from Richmond to Lucy Cross, and from billing to the Turnpike Road on Gatherley Moor, in the County of York. 295

xxviii. An Act for continuing and amending an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Town of Bedford, in the County of Bedford, to Kimbolton in the County of Huntingdon. Ibid.

xxix. An Act for better paving, improving and regulating

the Streets of the Metropolis, and removing and preventing Nuisances and Obstructions therein.*Ibid.

xxx. An Act to regulate the loading of Ships with Coals in

the Port of NeivcaftJe upon Tyne. 3CI

xxxi. An Act for fixing the Dues, Duties and Payments for

all Goods, Wares and Merchandize landed on or shipped from the Pier or Quay of the Town of Penzance in the County of Cornwall, and on all Ships and Vessel* resorting to the said Pier or Quay, or to the Harbour of Penzance. Ibid.

xxxii. An Act for the further Improvement of the Town and

Harbours of Greenock; for establishing and supporring a Harbour Police, and for the better regulating the Poor of the Three Parishes of Greenock. Ibid.

xxxiii. An Act for altering and amending an Act of the Fifty

second Year of His present Majesty, for regulating the Police of the City of Edinburgh and the adjoining Districts, and for other Purposes relating thereto. Ibid.

xxxiv. An Act for making the Hamlet of Poplar and Black

wall, in the County of Middlesex, a separate and distinct Parish; and for erecting a Parish Church therein, and other Purposes relating thereto. Ibid.

xxxv. An Act for enlarging the Church Yard of the Parish of Christ Church in the County of Surrey; and for other Purposes relating thereto. Ibid.

xxxvi. An Act for enlarging the Church Yard, and providing

additional Burying Ground, for the Parish of Bradford, in the West Riding of the County of York. Ibid.

xxxvii. An Act for making and maintaining a Railing or

Tram Road from Bulls Head Lane, in the Parish of Mansfield, in the County of Nottingham, to communicate with the Cromford Canal at Pinxton Basin, in the Parish of Pinxton, in the County of Derby. Ibid.

xxxviii. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Parishes of Norton and Heckingham, in the County of Norfolk; and for draining certain Lands in the said Parish of Norton. Ibid.

xxxix. An Act to amend an Act, passed in the Forty seventh

Year of His present Majesty, for improving and rendering more commodious such Parts of the County and County of the City of Dublin as are situate on the South Side of the River Anna Liffey, and West of His Majesty's Castle of Dublin; and for the Appointment of tin inspector of the Preferments and other Accounts of the County of the City of Dublin. 35a

xl. An Act for continuing the Term and enlarginghe Powers

f ranted to the Principal Land Coal Meters for the City and .iberty of Westminster; and for extending the Limits of their Office to the Parish of Saint Luke Goel/ea. 354

xli. An Act for lighting the City and Suburbs of Glasgow with Gas, and for other Purposes renting thereto. 357 xlii. An Act to repeal an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, for preventing Frauds in the Admeasurement and Delivery of Cdkls within the several Parishes lying contiguous to the Water Side in the Coutity of Kent. Ibid.

xliii. An Act to continue and amend ati Ad, made in the Forty second Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Causeway Head, near Stirling, through the J County

(Local & Perform?) 57° GEO. III.

: County of Clackmannan, towards Queen's Ferry, and certain Roads brancning out of the fame. 357

xliv. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing certain Roads leading from Truro, and other Roads communicating therewith, in the County of Cornwall; and for building and keeping in Repair a Bridge over the River there. Ibid.

xlv. An Act for making and keeping in Repair a Carriage Road from or near the Town of Brough under StainmOre, in the County of Westmorland, to Middleton Bridge, in the Parish of Romaldkirk, in the North Riding of the County of York, with a Branch from or near Chapel Houseto Egglcflon Bridge, in the same Parish. Ibid.

xlvi. An Act for continuing and amending an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Stamford, in the County of Lincoln, through Oakham, to the Great North Road, in the Parish of Greetham, in the County of Rutland. Ibid.

xlvii. An Act for making and keeping in Repair a Carriage Road from the Township of Manchester to Newton Chapel in the Township of Newton, with a Branch to the River Medlock in the Township of Droylsden, in the County Palatine of Lancaster. 358

xlviii. An Act for shutting up and discontinuing a certain Way or Passage called Old Paris Garden Lane, situate in the Parish of Christ Church in the County of Surrey, and for felling and disposing of the Ground and Soil thereof. Ibid.

xlix. An Act to continue an Act, passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirty fifth Year of His present Majesty, for improving and repairing the Turnpike Road leading from Dublin to Mullingar, and for repealing the several Laws theretofore made relating to the said Road. Ibid.

1. An Act to continue the Term and alter and enlarge the Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for keeping in Repair the Road leading from the Town of Rochdale, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to the Town of Burnley, in the said County, and for making Two new Branches of Road to communicate therewith. Ibid.

i. An Act for making and maintaining a Road from Quebec, in the Parish of Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York, to Homefteld Lane End, in the same Parish, with^a Bridge or Bridges on the Line of such Road. Ibid.

lii. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from the Bridge of Dee Southward, through the County of Kincardine, to Stonehaven; and from thence, by Inverbervie and by Laurencekirk, to the Lower, and Upper Bridges over the River North EJk; ^nd for making and repairing other Roads in the said County. Ibid.

liii* An Act for settling the Right of Patronage or Present-ation of or to a Chapel to be called Stanfted Chapel, in the Parish of Stoughton, in the County of Sussex. Ibid.

liv- An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from the Town of Crowland, in the County of Lincoln, to the Town of Eye, in the County of Northampton. Ibid.

An Act to continue the Term and alter and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Wrotham Heath to Foots Cray, and from JVrotham Heath to Maidstone, in the County of Kent; and the Road from the said Road into the Turnpike Road from Mereworth to Hadlow in the said County. Ibid.

lvi. An Act for making ami maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Lothian Road, near the City of Edinburgh, to joiu the Forth and Clyde Navigation near Falkirk, in the County of Stirling».Ibid.

lvii. An Act for giving further Power* to the President and Assistants of the Charitable Society of the Town of Belfast, 57 Geo. III.

ix

in the County of Antrim, to supply the said Town with Water, and to improve their Estates. 358

lviii. An Act for building a Bridge across the* River Irwell, from Water Street, in the Township of Shlford, to Saint Mary's Gate, in the Township of Manchester, all in the County of Lancaster, and for making proper Avenues thereto..Jb'td.

lix. An Act for granting further Powers for improving the Town of Great Bolton, in the County of Lancaster. 359 lx. An Act for granting an Equivalent for the Diminution of the Profits of the Office of Gauger of the City of London, and increasing the Payments to be made by Brokers. Ibid.

lxi. An Act to enable Peltro William Tomkins of New Bond Street, in the City of Westminster, Engraver to The Queen's Most Excellent Majesty, to dispose of his Collection of Paintings; Drawings and Engravings, together with several Copies of certain Books therein mentioned, and the Lease of the Premises called The British Gallery of PiSures, by way of Lottery. 360

lxii. An Act to amend Two Acts for maintaining and improving the Commercial Docks, in the Parish of Saint Mary Rotherhithe, in the County of Surrey. Ibid.

lxiii. An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River A run to Chichester Harbour, and from thence to Langstone and Portsmouth Harbours, with a Cut or Branch from Hunston Common to or near the City of Chichester; and for improving the Navigation. of the Jdarbour of Langstone and Channels of Langstone and Thorney. 367

lxiv. An Act to amend and enlarge the Powers of Two Aftt of His present Majesty, for improving the Navigation of the River Hull and Frodingham Beck, and extending the fame, to the Town of Great Driffield, in the County, of York.Ibid.

ixv. An Act for enlarging the Market Place, and regulating the Market in the Town of Taunton, in the County of Somerset, and for improving the said Town; and for amending an Act of His present Majesty relative thereto. Ibid.

lxvi. An Act to amend and continue an Act of the Thirty sixth Year of His present Majesty, for improving certain' Roads in and through the Forest of Dean, in the County of Gloucester, and several other Roads therein mentioned. Ibid.

lxvii. An Act for continuing and amending Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading from the Town of Taunton in the County of Somerset.

' Ibid.

lxviii. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Cambridge to the Old North Road, near Arrington Bridge, in the County of Cambridge. Ibid.

lxix. An Act for amending and rendering more effectual an Act of His present Majesty, for draining Lands in South Holland; and for continuing and amending another Act of His present Majesty, for maintaining and repairing a certain Bank, and the Road thereon, from Spalding High Bridge to Brother House, all in the County of Lincoln. Ibid.

lxx. An Act for improving the Harbour of Blakeney, within the Port of Blakeney and Clay, in the County of Norfolk. Ibid.

lxxi. An Act for amending and rendering more effectual an Act of His late Majesty King William the Third, for*making the River Lark alias Burn navigable. Ibid.

b lxxii. An

x The TITLES of the STATUTES,

bcxii. An Act for rebuilding the Church, and improving the Church Yard of the Parish of Saint Paul Shadwell, in the County of Middlefe: u 367

lxxiii. An Act for raising Money, by Annuities or otherwise, for the Purpose of erecting a Workhouse for the Use of the Poor of the Parish of Saint John of Wapping, in the County of Middlesex. 368

lxxiv. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from, the Neath T urn pike Road, at or near Abernantf through Merthyr Tidvill, in the County of Glamorgan, to join the Turnpike Road within the Abergavenny District near Rhydy Blew House, in the County of Monmouth. Ibid.

1 xxv. An Act to continue and amend an Act passed in the Thirty sixth Year of His present Majesty, for altering the Road from .Macclesfield to Cong let on, in the County of Chester..368

lxxvi. An Act to empower the Commissioners of the Royal Naval Asylum to make use of any Part of the Accumulation of the Interest of the Monies which were given by the Committee for managing the Patriotic Fund to the said Commissioners, for the Purposes of the said Asylum. Ibid.

PRIVATE ACTS,

PRINTED BY THE KING'S PRINTER,

AND WHEREOF THE PRINTED COPIES MAY BE GIVEN IN EVIDENCE.

I. AN Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Drayton,

in the County of Somerset. 369

a. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Erifwelly in

the County of Suffolk. Ibid.

3. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Manor of Emley,

in the County of York. Ibid.

4, An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Costony other-

wife C oft on Hackett, in the County of Worcester. Ibid.

y. An Act for repealing certain Parts of an Act of His present Majesty, for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Afpatriay and in the several Parishet of Afyatria* Brumfield and All-hallowsy in the County of Cumberland, and for amending the said Act. Ibid.

6. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Orleton> in the County of Hereford. Ibid.

7. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Burton

Salmon in the Parish of Monlfryfioncy in the County of York. Ibid.

8. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Willey, in the Parish of Prefitign, in the County of Hereford. Ibid.

9. An Act for vesting Part of the Settled Estates of Edward Gilbert Esquire, otherwise Edward Scott Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold i and for applying the Produce in or towards the Discharge of the Incumbrances on the said Estates. Ibid.

10. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of MAtham,

in the Parish of Almondbury, in the West Riding of the County of York. Ibid.

II. An Act for allotting Lands in the Township or Liberty

of Littlemorey in the Parishes of Saint Mary the Virgin and Yeft ley> otherwise Iffcy, in the County of Oxford. 370

12. An Act for inclosing and exonerating from Tithes Lands

in the Parish of Eafion on the HiUy in the County of Northampton. Ibid.

13. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Trawden,

in the Chapelry of Colne, and Parish of Whalley, in the County of Lancaster. Ibid.

14. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Manors, Town-ship8 or Divisions of Underbarrow and Bradleyfieldy in the Parish of Kirkby in Kendal, in the County of fVefimorland. Ibid.

15. An Act for vesting certain Estates devised by the Will of John Seacomcy and now held in undivided Shares, in Trustees, to be sold, and for inveiling the Purchase Mo-

nies of the Shares of such of the Parties interested as are Infants in the Purchase of other Estates, to be conveyed to them according to their respective Rights and Interests in lieu of such Shares. 370

16. An Act to enable the Trustees for the time being of the

Charity Estates of William Hickey, deceased, situate in

Richmond, in the County of Surrey, to grant Building and Repairing Leases thereof. Ibid.

17. An Act for confirming and establishing the Sales made by Ann Fish Widow, and Frederick Klein, fcf the Estates devised to them for Sale by the Will of John Fish Esquire. Ibid.

(8. An Act for inclosing Ramsdown and Liddaton Down Commons, in the Parish of Milton Abbott, in the County of Devon. Ibid.

19. An Act for dividing and inclosing He worth Moor9 in

the Manor or Township of Heworthy in the North Riding of the County of York; and for extinguishing the Rights of Stray and Average over certain Lands called Half Year Lands, situate in the Suburbs or Precincts of the City of York. Ibid.

20. An Act for inclosing and exonerating from Tithes Lands

in the Parishes of Fornham Saint Martin and Fomham Saint Genov eve, otherwise Fornham Saint Genovieve, in the County of Suffolk. Ibid.

21. An Act for vesting in Trustees in Fee Simple, in Trust for Samuel Robert Gauffen Esquire, discharged from certain Entails created therein, and from other Rights and Interests, a Fee Farm Rent of Seven hundred and fifteen Pounds and Eleven pence Three Farthings, heretofore the Estate of the Right Honourable John Lord Ojfulfion deceased. Ibid.

22. An Act for vesting the Settled Estates of William Lifter

Fenton Scott Esquire in Trustees, in Trust to be sold, and for laying out the Purchase Monies arising from such Sale in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the fame U'fes.*Ibid.

23. An Act for empowering the Judges of the Court of Session in Scotland to fell such Parts of the Estates of Sea+

forth and others, situated in the County of Ross, which were entailed by Francis Lord Seaforth deceased, as shall be sufficient for Payment of the Debts and Provisions which afied or may be made to afiad the said Entailed

Estates,

( Private, printed57° GEO. III.

- Estates, and for granting certain Powers relative to Leases and Feus of Parts of the said Entailed Estates. 371

24. An Act to authorize the Trustee9 of the deceased James Schaw to grant Building Leases and Feus of certain Parts of the Lands and Barony of P ref on, to fell the Superiority thereof, and for other Purposes relating thereto. Ibid.

25. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Rolling-

ton % in the several Parishes of Longford and Brails ford* in

the County of Derby. # Ibid.

16. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Fulbrook, in the County of Oxford. Ibid.

27. An Act to enable James Rocheii Esquire, and the Heirs

' of Entail succeeding to him in the Estate of Inverleith* to

grant Feus thereof upon certain Terms and Conditions. Ibid.

28. An Act for exchanging an Estate in the County of Kent* belonging to the Earl of Thanet % for an Estate in the same County, devised by the Will of Thomas Holmes. Ibid.

29. An Act for making a Partition of the Estates of Loftack*

Anderton* Heaton, Harwich* Rumworth and Adlington* in the County Palatine of Lancaster* of the late Henry Blundell Esquire. Ibid.

30. An Act for confirming an Exchange made by Philip

Gell Esquire, of certain of the Settled Estates of Philip Gell Esquire deceased, in the County of York* for other Estates in the County of Derby. Ibid.

31. An Act for effectuating an Exchange between Richard Peter Whish Clerk, Rector of the Rectory and Parish Church of Meefden* otherwise Mijfcnden, in the County of Hertford* and Armytage Gauffen Esquire, of the Rectory House and Part of the Glebe Lands of the said Rectory, for a House and Lands in the said Parish of Meefden, otherwise

Miffenden, belonging to the said Armytage Gauffen. Ibid.

32. An Act for vesting certain Estatet devised by the Will of Sir James Tilney Long, in the Counties of Dorset and

xi

' York* in Trustees, to be sold; and for laying out the Money thence arising (after Payment of certain specific Incumbrances) in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled in lieu thereof, to the same Uses. 371

33. An Act to enable the Prebendary of tht Prebend oSThe

Moor, in the City of London* founded in the Cathedral Church of Saint Paul in London* to grant a Lease of cert-tain Messuages, Buildings, Lands and Hereditaments, situate in the Panin of Saint Gills without Cripplegate, in the said City, Parcel of the said Prebend, in manrfer therein mentioned; and to enable the granting of Sub Leases for repairing and otherwise improving the same. Ibid.

34. An Act for enclosing Lands in the Manor of Barlow r\n

the Township of Great Barlow and Little Barlow, in the Parishes of Stavely and Dr onfield, in the County of Derby. 372

35. An Act for imprpving a certain Piece of Land called

Common Wood, in the Liberty of the Boroqghof Holt, otherwise Lyons, in the County of Denbigh. Ibid.

36. An Act for vesting a certain Estate, late of Peter Walk-

den of Chorley in the County of Quester, Yfcoman, deceased, situate in Chorley aforesaid, in Trustees, in Trust to be sold for paying off Incumbrances thereon; and for purchasing other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses. Ibid.

37. An Act to enable the Vicar for the time being of the Parish of Bolton, in the County Palatine of Lancaster* to sell and convey in Fee Simple a certain Portion of the Glebe Land belonging to the Vicarage of Bolton. Ibid.

38. An Act for confirming an Agreement relating to the

Reversion Expectant of certain Estates in the Counties of Warwick and Chefer* late of Sir Lifter Holts Baronet, deceased, and Property belonging to Abraham Bracebridge Esquire; and for veiling such Estates and Property m Trustges, to convey and allure the fam? according to the said Agreement. Ibid.

- r - '

PRIVATE ACTS,

NOT PRINTED.

39* AN Act for inclosing Lands within the Parish of Jr\. Harbridge in the County of Southampton.

40. An Act for naturalizing Ulric Theodore Hemmingfon.

41. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Fufflow, in the County of Lincoln.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.2

42. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Portsea, in the County of Southampton.

[Proviso for Right to Tithes.2

43. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Studley, in the County of Warwick.

[And for making Compensation, for Tithes.2

44. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Worf-brough in the County of York.

45. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Emneth, in the County of Norfolk.

[Any Allotment made to His Majesty may be sold before or after the Execution of the Award. Commissftofier to make an ExtraS of so much of his Award as deferibes His, Majesty's Allotment* and transmit the fairtt to the Commissionere of His Majesty's Woods, fsV.]

46. An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act made in the Thirty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, for hiclosing the Commonable Lands in the Parish of Hanley Castle, in the County of Worcester.

47. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Hempnall, in the County of Norfolk.

48. An Act for vesting certain Parts of the Barony of P//-Jligo, in the County of Aberdeen* comprized ip a Deed of

Entail executed by Francis Garden of Trout Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying the Purchase Money in the Acquisition of other Estates, to be settled upon the fame Series of Heirs, and und<4 the Conditions and Limitations contained in the said Deed of Entail-

49. An Act for empowering the Judges of the Court of Session in Scotland to fell such Parts of the Entailed Estate of Tranent, and others, in the Constabulary of Haddington and Sheriffdom of Edinburgh, belonging to William Cadell Esquire, a9 shall be sufficient for rayment of the Debts affecting the same.

50. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Salt and Enfon, in the Parish of Saint Mary* in the Borough of Stafford.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.2

51. An Act for inclosing and exonerating from Tithes Lands in the Township of Beadlam, in the Parish of Helmjley, in the North Riding of the County of York.

[And for making Compensation for Tithes.2

52. An

The TITLES of the STATUTES.

52. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of William Morris Bailey Esquire, Major in His Majesty's Thirtieth Regiment of Foot, and a Lieutenant Colonel- in the Army, and Companion of the Most Honourable Order of the Bath, with Henrietta Bailey his now Wife, and to enable him to marry

- again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

3. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Sir Edward William Campbell Rich Owen with Dame Elizabeth Owen his now

Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

54. An Act to exonerate from Portions certain hereditaments in Waters Upton, in the County of Salop, belonging to Richard Emery Esquire.

55« An Act to enable the Rector of the Parish and Parish Church of Clapham, in the County of Surrey, to accept a Surrender of the existing Lease, and to grant more exten-five Leases of Part of the Glebe. belonging to the said Rectory.

56. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Leek Wootton, in the County of Warwick.

[.Allotment for Great and Small Tithes. Proprietors not having an Inter'ejl in the Lands to be inclosed sufficient to commute for the Tithes, to pay the Value of the Deficiency for the Benefit of the Owners of Land taken to make up such Deficiency. Proprietors of certain old inclosed Lands may give up Part to discharge Remainder thereof from Tithes. Enabling Comm'fjtoner, with Consent of Parties, to fix a Compensation in Money for Corn Tithes of certain inclosed Lands.]

57. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Richard Oliver Smith Esquire with Harriet his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again 5 and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

58. An Act for naturalizing Matthew Seyzinger.

59. An Act for empowering the Judges of the Court of Session to fell the Entailed Estate of Pitlochie, lying in the County of Fife, belonging to William Murray Esquire, of

Touchadam and Pitlochie, and to apply the Money to arise by such Sale in the Purchase of the Lands and Estate of Cockfpow, in the County of Stirling, belonging to the said William Murray, in Fee Simple, and lying contiguous to certain other Entailed Estates belonging to the said William' Murray, to be entailed in lieu of the said Estate of Pitlochie.

60. An A 6k to amend an Act made in the Fifty fourth Year of His present Majesty, for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Stren/ham, in the County of Worcester.

And for making Compensation for Tithes

61. An Act for settling and securing certain Parts of the Lands and Estate of Kinninmouth or Kinmount*and others, in the County of Dumfries, to and in favour of Charles Marquis of Queensberry, and the Series of Heirs entitled to take by a certain Deed of Entail made by Charles Duke of Queensberry and Dover, deceased, and under the Conditions and Limitations contained in the said Deed; and for vesting in lieu thereof certain Parts of the Lands and Barony of Tinwall, Moufewald, and others, in the said County, in the said Charles Marquis of Queensberry, and his Heirs and Assigns, in Fee Simple.

62. An Act to enable Edward Beevor the Elder, Esquire, and His Issue, to take, use and bear the Surname and Arms of Lombe, pursuant to the Will of Sir John Lombe Baronet, deceased.

63. An Act for inclosing Lands in the several Parishes of Llandilofawr and Talley, in the County of Carmarthen.

[Commissoner to make an Extract of Award for His Majesty Any Allotments to His Majesty maf be sold before or after Execution of Award.]

64. An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Lieutenant General William Dyott with Elinor otherwise Eleanor his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

T

E

A

A B L

Containing the TITLES of all

THE STATUTES,

Passed in the SIXTH Session of the FIFTH Parliament

or

The United Kingdom of Great Britaiil and Ireland;

58° GEORGE III.

PUBLIC GENERAL ACTS.

1. AN Act to repeal an Act made in the last Session of

1JL Parliament, intituled An Act to continue an Act to empower H'u Majesty to secure and detain such Persons as His Majesty shall fuffeB are conspiring against His Person and Government. Page 377

2. An Act to suspend, until the End of the present Session

of Parliament, the Operation of 4n Act made in the last Session of Parliament, to provide for the more deliberate Investigation of Presentments to be made by Grand Juries for Roads and Public Works in Ireland, and for accounting for Money raised by such Presentments. Ibid.

3. An Act for continuing to His Majesty certain Duties on

Malt, Sugar, Tobacco and Snuff, in Great Britain; and on Pensions, Offices and Personal Estates, in England; for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and eighteen. 378

4. An Act for raising the Sum of Thirty Millions, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and eighteen. Ibid.

5. An Act to indemnify such Persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and for extending the time limited for those Purposes respectively, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nineteen; and to permit such Persons in Great Britain as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, to make and file the fame on or before the First Day of Hilary Term One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, and to allow Persons to make and file such Affidavits, although the Persons whom they served shall have neglected to take out their Annual Certificates. Ibid.

6. An Act for indemnifying Persons who, since the Twenty sixth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, have acted in apprehending, imprifpning or detaining in Custody Persons suspected of High Treason or

Treasonable Practices, and in the Suppression of tumultuous and unlawful Assembhes. 379

y. An Act to indemnify all Persons whe have been concerned in advising, issuing or carrying into Execution any Ordefr or Orders for permitting the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods and Commodities in Foreign Bottoms into and out of certain of His Majesty's West India Islands. 281

8. An Act to authorize the Governors of the Hospital of

King Charles the Second for ancient and maimed Officers and Soldiers of the Army of Ireland, (usually called the Royal Hospital at Kilmainham, ) to suspend or take away the Pensions of such Pensioners of the said Hospital as shall be guilty of any Fraud in respect of Prize Money or Pensions, or of any other gross Miscondyft. Ibid.

9. An Act to further continue, until the Fifth Dav of July One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, Two Acts of the Fifty fourth Year of His present Majesty, for repealing the Duties of Customs on Madder imported into Great Britain» and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof. 382

10. An Act to rectify a Mistake in an Act, passed in the

Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and to indemnify certain Persons m relation thereto. Ibid.

11. An Act for punishing Mutiny arid Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters. 383

12. An Act for the regulating of His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore. 385

13. An Act for charging Duties on Licences for retailing

Aqua Vita in Scotland. 387

14. An Act to amend an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for preventing the further Circulation of Dollars and Tokens issued by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England. 388

15. An Act to amend an Act made in the Twenty sixth Year of His present Majesty, for the Encouragement of the Fisheries carried on in the Greenland Seas and Davis9s

C 2 Sir eights,

XIV

The TITLES of

Streights, so far as relates to the Oaths thereby required to be taken. 389

16. An Act to continue until the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, and amend an Act of the Fifty sixth Year of His present Majesty, for reducing the Duties payable on Horses used for the Purposes therein mentioned. 390

17. An Act for charging certain Duties on Four wheeled

Carriages constructed and drawn in the manner therein described. Ibid.

18. An Act to charge an additional Duty on Corks ready

made, imported into Ireland. 391

19. An Act to allow for Three Years, and until Six Weeks

after the Commencement of the then next Session of Parliament, the Importation into Ports specially appointed by His Majesty, within the Provinces of Nova Scotia and New Brunswick, of the Articles therein enumerated, and the Re-exportation thereof from such Ports. Ibid.

20. An Act for more effectually discovering the Longitude

at Sea, and encouraging Attempts to find a Northern Passage between the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans, and to approach the Northern Pole. 392

21. An Act to revive and continue, until the Fifth Day of

July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, several Laws relating to the Duties on Glass made in Great Britain; and to prohibit the making of Smalts within a certain Difiance of any other Glass House, or by the Maker of any other Kind of Glass. 1 396

22. An Act for fixing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to

Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers. 397

23. An Act for raising the Sum of Three Millions, by the

Transfer of certain Three Pounds per Centum Annuities into other Annuities, at the Rate of Three Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum; and for granting Annuities to discharge certain Exchequer Bills. 398

24. An Act for enabling His Majesty to make further Provision for His Royal Highness the Duke of Cambridge, and to settle an Annuity on the Princess of Hejfe, in case Ihe shall survive His said Royal Highness. 405

25. An for enabling His Majesty to settle an Annuity on

Her jloyal Highness the Duchess of Cumberland, in case of hey surviving His Royal Highness the Duke of Cumberland 406

26. An Act to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen. Two Acts made in the Fifty fourth and Fifty sixth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for regulating the Trade in Spirits between Great Britain and Ireland reciprocally, and to amend the fame. Ibid.

27. An Act to permit the Importation of certain Articles into His Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in the West Indies, or on the Continent of South America; and also certain Articles into certain Ports in the West Indies. 407

2, 8. An Act to repeal an Act made in the Fifty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for establishing the Use of an Hydrometer called Sikes's Hydrometer, in ascertaining the Strength of Spirits, instead of Clarke's Hydrometer;

and for making other Provisions in lieu thereof. 408

29. An Act for regulating the Payment of Fees for Pardons

untjer the Great Seal. 410

30. An Act for preventing frivolous and vexatious Actions of Assault and.Battery, and for slanderous Words in Courts. Ibid.

31. An Act to amend an Act passed in the Fifty third Year of His Majesty's Reign, to make further Regulations for the building and repairing of Court Houses and Sessions Houses in Ireland.'Ibid.

the STATUTES,

32. An Act to amend so much of an Act of the Fifty fifth

Year of Hie present Majesty, as relates to the Salaries of Clergymen officiating as Chaplains in Houses of Correct tion. 411

33. An Act to alter the Allowance for broken Plate Glass,

and to exempt Manufacturers of certain Glass Wares from Penalties for not being licensed. Ibid.

34. An Act to repeal the several Bounties on the Exportation of refined Sugar from any Part of the United Kingdom, and to allow other Bounties in lieu thereof, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty, and for reducing the Size of the Packages in which refined Sugar may be exported. 412

35. An Act to provide for the maintaining of the Royal

Canal from the River Liffey to the River Shannon in Ireland, 414.

36. An Act to carry into Execution a Treaty made between

His Majesty and the King of Spain, for the preventing Traffic in Slaves. Ibid.

37. An Act for further continuing, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, an Act of the Forty fourth Year of His present Majesty, to continue the Restrictions, contained in several Acts of His present Majesty, on Payments of Calli by the Bank of England.

±21

38. An Act to extend and render more effectual the present

Regulations for the Relief of Seafaring Men and Boys, Subjects of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Foreign Parts. Ibid.

39. An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the Fifty

sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending the Law of Ireland respecting the Recovery of Tenements from absconding, overholding and defaulting Tenants, and for the Protection of the Tenant from undue Distress. 422

40. An Act to continue the Laws now in force relating to

Yeomanry Corps in Ireland. 428

41. An Act to amend an Act made in the Fifty sixth Year of

His present Majesty, for regulating and securing the Collection of the Duties on Paper in Ireland, and to allow a Drawback of the Duty on Paper used in printing certain Books at the Press of Trinity College, Dublin. Ibid.

42. An Act for enabling the Tmftee of certain Premises at

Great Yarmouth in the County of Norfolk, held in Trust for His Majesty, to execute a Conveyance of the same to a Purchaser thereof. 432

43. An Act for preventing the Destruction of the Breed of

Salmon, and Fish of Salmon Kind, in the Rivers of England. 435

44. An Act to alter the Application of Part of the Sum of

Fifty thousand Pounds granted by an Act passed in the Fifty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for improving the Road from the City of Glasgow to the City of Carlisle. 436

45. An Act for building and promoting the building of additional Churches in populous Parishes. Ibid.

46. An Act for Relief of Persons entitled to Entailed Estates,

to be purchased with Trust Monies, in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland. 452

47. An Act to establish Fever Hospitals, and to make other

Regulations for Relief of the suffering Poor, and for preventing the Increase of infectious Fevers in Ireland. 453

48. An Act to amend an Act, pasted in the last Session of

Parliament to encourage the Establishment of Banks for Savings, in England. 458

49.. An Act to explain Three Acts, pasted in the Forty sixth, Forty seventh and Fifty first Years of His Majesty'a

( Public General)58° GEO. III.

xv

jesty, 8 Reign, respectively, for the Abolition of the Slave Trade*. 463

50. An Act to amend and continue, until the Tenth Day of

November One thousand eight hundred and twenty, an Act passed in the Fifty sixth Year of His present Majesty, to repeal the Duties payable in Scotland upon Waffi and Spirits, and Distillers' Licences; to grant other Duties in lieu thereof; and to establish further Regulations for the Distillatiop of Spirits from Corn, for Home Consumption, in Scotland* 465

51. An Act to amend certain Acts passed in the Fourth Year of King Edward the Fourth 5 Firfk and Tenth Years of Queen Anne; First. Twelfth and Thirteenth Years of King George the First; Thirteenth, Twenty second and Twenty ninth Years of King George the Second; and Thirteenth and Fifty seventh Years of King George the Third; prohibiting the Payment of the Wages of Workmen in certain Trades otherwise than in the lawful Coin or Money of this Realm. 467

52. An Act to continue, until the Twentieth Day of June

One thousand eight hundred and twenty, an Act of the Fifty second Year of His present Majesty, for the more effectual Preservation of the Peace, by enforcing the Duties of Watching and Warding. 469

53. An Act for enabling His Majesty to make further Provision for His Royal Highness the Duke of Kent, and to settle an Annuity on the Princess of Leiningeny in case (he shall survive his said Royal Highness. 470

54. An Act to grant certain Rates, Duties and Taxes in Ire-

landy in respect of Fire Hearths, Windows, Male Servants, Horses, Carriages and Dogs, in lieu of former Rates, Duties and Taxes thereon; and to provide for the Payment thereof to the Collectors of Excise; and for the more effectual accounting for the fame. Ibid.

55. An Act to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, Two Acts of the Fifty fourth Year of His present Majesty, for repealing the Duties of Customs on Madder, imported into Great Britainf and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof. 497

56. An Act to make perpetual an Act of the Forty sixth

Year of His present Majesty, for granting an additional Bounty on the Exportation of the Silk Manufactures of Great Britain. 498

57. An Act to amend an Act of the Fifty fifth Year of His present Majesty, for granting Duties of Excise in Ireland upon certain Licences, and for securing the Payment of such Duties and the regulating the issuing of such Licences. Ibid.

58. An Act to defray the Charge of the Pay, Clothing and

Contingent Expences of the Disembodied Militia, in Great Britain; and for granting Allowances in certain cases to Subaltern Officers, Adjutants, Quartermasters, Surgeons, Surgeons' Mates and Serjeant Majors of Militia, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nineteen. 500

59. An Act for defraying, until the Twenty fifth Day of

June One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia of Ireland; and for making Allowances in certain cases to Subaltern Officers of the said Militia during Peace. 501

60. An Act to continue, until Three Months after the ceasing

of any Restriction imposed on the Bank of England from issuing Cash in Payment, the Several Acts for confirming and continuing the Restrictions on Payments in Cash by the Bank of Ireland. Ibid.

61. An Act for the better Accommodation of His Majesty's Packets within the Harbour on the North Side of the Hill

of Howthy and for the better Regulation of the Shipping therein. 501

62. An Act to continue, until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, Two Acts of His present Majesty, allowing the bringing of Coals, Culm and Cinders to London and Westminster* 502

63. An Act to revive and continue, until the Twenty fifth

Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, an Act made in the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty, to permit the Importation of Tobacco from any Place whatever. 503

64. An Act to make further Regulations respecting the Payment of Navy Prize Money, and to authorize the Governors of Greenwich Hospital to pay over certain Shares of Prize Money due to Ruffian Seamen to Hia Excellency the Ruffian AmbafTador. Ibid.

65. An Act for repealing the Duties of Excise on Verjuice

and Vinegar, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof; and for more effectually securing the Duties of Excise on Vinegar or Acetous Acid. 506

66. An Act to empower any Three or more of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt to exercise all the Powers and Authorities given to the said Commissioners by any Act or Acts of Parliament. 513

67. An Act to provide for the more deliberate Investigation

of Preferments to be made by Grand Juries for Roads and Public Works in Ireland, and for accounting for Money raised by such Presentments. 514

68. An Act to repeal so much of an Act passed in Ireland

in the Ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled An Act for taking away the Benefit of Clergy in certain cases; and for taking away the Book in all cases; and for repealing Part of the Statute for transporting Felons; as taxes away the Benefit of Clergy from Persons dealing privily from the Person of another 5 and more effectually to prevent the Crime of Larceny from the Person. 522

69. An Act for the Regulation of Parish Vestries. 523

70. An Act for repealing such Parts of several Acts as allow

pecuniary and other Rewards on the Conviction of Persons for Highway Robbery, and other Crimes and Offences; and fdr facilitating the Means of prosecuting Persons accused of Felony and other Offences. 524

71. An Act for granting to His Majesty a Sum of Money to

be raised by Lotteries. 528

72. An Act for improving and completing the Harbour of

Dunmorty in the County of Waterford, and rendering it a fit Situation for His Majesty's Packets. 530

73. An Act for regulating the Payment of regimental Debts, and the Distribution of the Effects of Officers and Soldiers dying in Service, and the Receipt of Sums due to Soldiers.

74. An Act for the further Regulation of Payment of Pen

lion8 to Soldiers upon the Establishments of Chelsea and Kilmainham. 540

75. An Act for the more effectual Prevention of Offences connected with the unlawful Destruction and Sale of Game.

54*

76. An Act to subject Foreigners to Arrest and Detention for Smuggling within certain Distances of any of the Dominions of His Majesty; for regulating Rewards to the Seizing Officers, according to the Tonnage of Vessels or Boats Seized and condemned 5 and for the further Prevention of the Importation of Tea without making due Entry thereof with the Officers of Customs and Excise. Ibid.

77. An Act to repeal the Duty upon Rock Salt delivered for feeding or mixing with the Food of Cattle, and iropofing another Duty, and making other Provisions in lieu thereof.

543

78. An

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

78. An Act to make further Provision for the better securing

the Collection of the Duties on Malt, and to amend the Lavra relating to Brewers in Ireland. 545

79. An Act to amend an Act of the Fifty fourth Year of

His present Majesty's Reign, for granting Dudes on Auctions in Ireland. 550

80. An Act to amend an Act passed in the Fifty seventh Year of His present Majesty, for permitting the Transfer of Capital from certain Public Stocks or Funds in Great Britain to certain Public Stocks or Funds in Ireland. 552

81. An Act for extending to that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland certain Provfions of the.Parliament of Great Britain in relation to Executors under the Age of Twenty one Years, and to Matrimonial Contracts. 5^4

8*. An Act to prevent Frauds in the Sale of Grain in Ireland.

83. An Act to amend and reduce into One Ad the several Laws relating to the manner in which the East India Company are required to hire Ships. Ibid.

84. An Act to remove Doubts as to the Validity of certain

Marriages had and solemnized within the British Territories in India. 559

By. An Act to carry into Execution a Convention made between His Majesty and the King of Portugal, for the preventing Traffic in Slaves. 560

86. An Act for raising the Sum of Eleven millions six hundred thousand Pounds by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and eighteen. 568

87. An Act for raising the Sum of Eight hundred thousand

Pounds British Currency, by Treasury Bills, in Ireland, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and eighteen. Ibid.

88. An Act to amend Two Acts made in the last Session of Parliament, for authorizing the UTue of Exchequer Bills, and the Advance of Money for carrying on Public Works and Fisheries, and Employment of the Poor 5 and to extend the Powers of the Commissioners appointed for carrying the said Acts into Execution in Ireland. Ibid.

89. An Act to repeal so much of an Act passed in the Forty

third Year of His present Majesty, as requires the Attendance of Magistrates on board Vessels carrying Passengers from the United Kingdom to His Majesty's Plantations or to Foreign Parts. 570

90. An Act to alter and amend certain of the Provisions of an Act passed in the Fifty first Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to provide for the Administration of the Royal Authority, and for the Care of His Majesty's Royal Person9 during the Continuance of His Majesty's 1 line Is; and for the Resumption of the Exercise of the Royal Authority by His Majesty. Ibid.

91. An Act for appointing Commissioners to inquire concerning Charities in England for the Education of the Poor.

571

92. An Act to consolidate and amend the Provisions of several Acts', passed in the Fifty first and Fifty second Years respectively of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enabling Wives and Families of Soldiers to return to their Homes.

574

93. An Act to afford Relief to the bondfide Holders of Nego-

tiable Securities, without Notice that they were given for a ufurius Consideration. 577

94. An Act to continue, until the Twenty ninth Day of

September One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, and to amend an Act passed in Ireland, in the Thirty sixth Year of His present Majesty, for the Improvement and Exten-fion of the Fisheries on the Coasts of Ireland. Ibid.

95. An Act to regulate the Election of Coroners for Counties. Ibid.

96. An Act to continue, for the Term of Two Years, and

until the End of the Session of Parliament in which that Term shall expire, if Parliament shall be then fitting, an Act of the Fifty sixth Year of His present Majesty, for establishing Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in or resident in this Kingdom, in certain cases. 578

97. An Act to prevent Aliens, until the Twenty fifth Day of

March One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, from becoming naturalized, or being made or becoming Denizens, except in certain cases. 579

98. An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the Fifty first Year of rfis Majesty's Reign# for rendering more effectual an Act made in the Forty seventh Year of His Majesty's Reign, for the Abolition of the Slave Trade. Ibid.

99. An Act for altering and amending an Act made in the

Fifty fifth Year of His present Majesty, to amend an Act made in the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty, to improve the Land Revenue of the Crown, so far as relates to the Great Forest of Brecknock, in the County of Brecknock; and for vesting in His Majesty certain Parts of the said Forest, and for inclosing the said Forest. 580

too. An Act for vesting in His Majesty certain Parts of the Hayes of Birkland and Bilhagh % and of certain Commonable Lands and Open Uninclosed Grounds in the Township of Edwinfiowe, within the Forest of Sherwood, in the County of Nottingham. 584

101. An Act for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and eighteen. 596

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS,

DECLARED PUBLIC,

AND TO BE JUDICIALLY NOTICED.

i. An Act for making and maintaining a Road from the Town

of 1Stroud, in the County of Gloucester, through Pitch comb y into the City of Gloucester. Page 604

ii. An Act to continue the Terms, and alter and enlarge the Powers of Three Acts passed in the Twenty third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Eleventh and Thirty seventh Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing the Road from the City of York to Boroughbridtre in the County of York. 604

iii. An Act for extending the Powers of an Act passed in the

Forty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing Roads in the County of Ayr. Ibid.

iv. An Act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act of His present Majesty's

Reign,

XVII

(Local & Petforial) 58 GEO. III.

Reigq, for improving the Road from Manchester to Rochdale, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Lancaster; so far as relates to the Bury and Ratcliffe Bridge District of Road therein mctioned; and for making Two new Branches of Road to communicate with the said District of Road. 604

t. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads leading from the City of Gloucester towards Cheltenham and Tewkcf- bury in the County of Gloucester. Ibid.

vi. An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from near the Town of Manchester in the County of Lan-casier to Hyde Lane Bridge in the County of Chester. Ibid.

vii. An Act for continuing and amending an Act of His present Majesty for repairing the Roads near the Towns of Hockerton, Kirklington, Southwell, Normanton and Wink-bourne, with a Branch from Kirklington to the Street Gate Road, and the Newark and Southwell Turnpike Road at Greet Bridge, in the County of Nottingham. 605

viii. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Crouch Hill, in the Parish of Henfield, to the Turnpike Road leading from Brighthelmstone to Cuckfield, and from the East Side of the said Turnpike Road to the Cross Roads in the Town of Ditchling, in the County of Sussex. Ibid.

ix. An Act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarg-

ing the Powers of an Act passed in the Thirty third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing the Road from Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to Salter's Brook, in the County Palatine of Chester. Ibid.

x. An Act for making more effectual Provision for Payment of the Debt due by the Trustees for Turnpike Roads, in the County of Peebles, and for other Purposes connected therewith. Ibid.

xi. An Act for continuing and amending an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from West Cowgate, near Newcastle upon Tyne, to the Alemouth Turnpike Road, in the County or Northumberland. Ibid.

xii. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the

Road from Ardwick Green, near Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to the Bridge at the Corn Mills at Wilmslow, in the County Palatine of Chrjler. Ibid.

aiii. An Act to amend an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from Tewcester to the Turnpike Road in Cotton End, in the Parish of Hardingston, in the County of Northampton. Ibid.

xi*. An Act for repairing the Road from Blakedown Pool, in the Parish of Hagley and County of Worcsler, to Birmingham in the County of Warwick. Ibid.

xv. An Act for amending an Act passed in the Fifty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of federal Acts faffed far improving the Port, Harbour and Town of Whitehaven, in the County, of Cumberland, and for better Applying the said Town with Water. Ibid.

xri. An Act to enable the Grand Junction Canal Company to vary the Line of Part of their Canal in the County of Hert-ford, and for altering and enlarging the Powers of several Ada relating to the Said Canal. Ibid.

xvii. An Act to enable the Gloucester and Berkeley*Canal Company to vary and alter the Line of their Canal 3 and for altering and enlarging the Powers of several Ad« parted for making and maintaining the said Canal* Ibid.

xviii. An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Thoms and Medway Canal to najie a further Sunt of

Money for completing the said Canal, and the Works thereto belonging; and for altering, enlarging and rendering more effectual the Powers for making the said Canal and Works. 606

xix. An Act for altering, explaining and amending the several Acts of Parliament parted, relating to the Birmingham Canal Navigations; and for improving the said Canal Navigations. Ibid.

xx. An Act for providing a convenient House, with suitable

Accommodations, for His Majesty's Judges at the Assizes for the County of Leicester; and for making therein a convenient Place for the Justices of the Peace to meet and transact any Public Business of the said County 5 and also for the safe Custody of the Public Records of the said County. Ibid.

xxi. An Act for altering and amending an Act passed in the

Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty, for constructing a Pier and Harbour at or near the Town of Folkestone, in the County of Kent; for varying the Limits, and improving and rendering more commodious the said Pier and Harbour 5 for raising a further Sum of Money for completing the fame; and for extending the Powers and Provisions of the said Act. 611

xxii. An Act for enlarging the Church Yard of the Parish of

Chipping Barnet, in the County of Hertford, and for other Purposes relating thereto. Ibid.

xxiii. An Act to continue the Term, and to amend and en-

large the Powers of several Acts passed for repairing the Road from Cirtncester to Stroud, and another Road therein mentioned, both in the County of Gloucester. Ibid.

xxiv. An Act for continuing the Term and enlarging the

Powers of Two Acts of the Eleventh and Thirty seventh Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from Wem in the County of Salop, to the Lime Rocks at Bron y Garth, and several other Roads in the Counties of Salop and Denbigh; for repairing and diverting the Roads leading out of the said Road from Wem to Bron y Garth into the Turnpike Road leading from Ellefmerr to Wrexham; and for repealing so much of the said Acts as relates to a certain Part of the said Roads. Ibid.

xxv. An Act for repairing and maintaining the HarboUT of the Burgh of Regality of Fraferburgh, in the County of Aberdeen.*Ibid.

xxvi. An Act to continue the Term and alter and enlarge the

Powers of an Act of the Thirty seventh Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Dover, in the County of Kent, through Deal, to Sandwich, in the fold County. Ibid.

xxvii. An Act for altering and enlarging the Terms and

Powers of certain Acts, in so far as the same relate to the Road leading from the Toll House in Paiflty Lane, at the West Side of the Entry to the New Bridge of GlaJ-gow, by or near Porkhouse, to the East End of the Bridge at Renfrew. Ibid.

xx viii. An Act to extend and amend the Powers of Three Acts of His present Majesty's Reign, for building The Wa- ter loo Bridge, and making Roads communicating therewith;

and to authorize the Rehnquiftiment of the repairing, lighting and watching of the Roads on the South Side of the Bridge, to the Trustees of the Surrey New Roads, acting under Two several Acts of His present Majesty's Reign, for making, widening and keeping in Repair certain Roads in the several Parishes of Lambeth, Newington, Saint George Southwark, Bermondsey, and Ghrifichitrch, in the County of Surrey, and for watching and lighting the said Roads. Ibid.

xxix. An Act for continuing and amending an Act of His present

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

xviii

present Majesty, far nitiming a Road from Weamouth Bridge to Tyne Bridge, with a Branch to South Shields, all in the County of Durham. 621

xxx. An Act for repairing the Roads into and from the Town of Tewkesbury, in the County of Glouctjler. Ibid.

xxxi. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Three

Acts, for repairing the Roads from Lobcome Comer in the Parish of Winterjlow, to Harnham Bridge in the County of Wilts, and from the West Corner of Saint Anne's Street in the City of New Samm to Landford, and other Roads in the County of Southampton. Ibid.

xxxii. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Rugby, in the County of Warwick, to the Borough of Warwick, in the same County. 622

xxxiii. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two

Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Halifax to Sheffield, in the West Riding of the County of York, so far as relates to the First District of the said Road, from Halifax to Huddersfield. Ibid.

xxxiv. An Act for repairing the Road from Bridgetown in

the Parish of Old Stratford, in the County of Warwick, to the Top of Long Compton Hill in the same County, and another Road therein mentioned, in the Counties of Warwick, Worcester and Gloucester. Ibid.

xxxv. An Act for making and maintaining a Road from the Town of Sheffield, in the County of York, to join the Marple Bridge Road in the Parish of Glossop, in the County of Derby, with a Branch to Mortimer's Road, in the Parish of Hathersage, in the said County of Derby. Ibid.

xxxvi. An Act for move effectually repairing and improving

the Road from the West End of the Town of Burton upon Trent, in the County of Stafford, through the said Town, the South End of the Town of Derby, in the County of Derby. Ibid.

xxxvii. An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike

Road from the South End of Angel Lane, in Brampton Bierley, to a certain Public Highway in Mexbrough; and also from Clegg's Cottage, in Rawmarsh, to the North End of Kilnburst Bridge; and from the South End of the said Bridge to the West End of the Village of Hooton Roberts, in the West Riding of the County of York. Ibid.

xxxviii. An Act for diverting such Part of the Public Carriage

Road leading from Little Smeaton to Darrington, in the County of York, as is within the Township of Stapleton; and for (hutting up and discontinuing a certain Footpath in the said Township. Ibid.

xxxix. An Act for continuing and amending an Act of His present Majesty for repairing the Road from the North End of Famhurst Lane to the City of Chichester, and from Chi-ehefter aforesaid to Delkey, in the County of Sussex. Ibid.

xl. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads between the Horse Shoe House in Stoke Goldington, in the County of Buckingham, and the Town of Northampton> and from the North Bridge of Newport Pagnel, in the said County of Buckingham, to the said Horse Shoe House. Ibid.

xli. An Act for making and maintaining a Road from Lock-wood to Meltham, and a Branch of Road to Meltbam Mills, all in the Parish of Almondbury, in the West Riding of the County of York. Ibid.

xlii. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road between Warrington and Lower Irlam, in the County Palatine of Lasucfler. 623

xliii. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road leading from Studley Bridge, through the Borough of Chippenham, to Pickwick, and from the East End of pkippenbam Bridge to Lower Stanton, and from the East

End of the said Bridge to join the Road at Dray cot Cerne, in the County of Wilts. 623

xliv. An Act for continuing and amending Two Acts of His present Majtffty, fot repairing several Roads leading from, the Town of Poole; and also for repairing other Roads in and near the said Town, and from Gtanborne to Coombe, with Two Branches to the Great Western Road, in the Counties of Dorset and Wilts. Ibid.

xlv. An Act for continuing and amending an Act of His late Majesty, and Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading to and from the Town of Win-canton, and the Roads communicating therewith, in the Counties of Somerset, Wilts and Dorset. Ibid.

xlvi. An Act for amending Two Acts of His present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the Establishment of Chapels in the East, West and Wildmore Fens in the County of Lincoln. Ibid.

xlvii. An Act to amend Two Acts, passed in the Fifty second and Fifty fourth Years of His present Majesty, for inclosing the Forest of Delamere in the County of Chester. Ibid.

xlviii. An Act for increasing the Fund for carrying into Execution several Acts of His present Majesty, for improving the Drainage of the Middle and South Levels, Part of the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford Level, and other Lands therein mentioned; and for improving the Navigation of the River Ouse in the County of Norfolk, and of the several Rivers communicating therewith. Ibid.

xlix. An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act of the Thirty sixth Year of His present Majesty, for

dividing, allotting, inclosing, draining and preferring certain

Commons and Waste Grounds within the Maqor and Parish of Ramsey, in the County of Huntingdon, and for repealing a certain Act therein mentioned. Ibin.

1. An Act for draining and improving Lands in the Parishes of Bray, White Waltham, Shpttefbrook, Lawrence Waltham, BinJUld, Rufcomb, Wargrave, Remenbam and Hurley, in the County of Berks, and the Liberties of Whiftley and Broad

Hinton, in the Parish of Hurst, in the Counties of Berks and Wilts. Ibid.

li. An Act for building a new Gaol and House of Correction for the City and County of the City of Exeter. Ibid.

lii. An Act to alter and amend an Act for eroding and maintaining a Bridewell, Gaol, Court House and Public Offices, for the Burgh of Paisley and County of Renfrew. Ibid.

liii. An Act for enlarging the Parish Church and Church Yard of Southminster in the County of Essex. Ibid.

liv. An Act for cleaning, lighting, watching and otherwise improving the Town of Sheffield in the County of York. 624 lv. An Act for lighting with Gas the City of Bath and the Liberties and Precjnds thereof, and that Part of the Parish of Walcot which lies without the Liberties of Bath, and the Parish of Bathwick, in the County of Somerset; and for constructing Gafometers and other Works therein, and in the Parish of Weston in the said County. Ibid.

lvi. An Act for fighting with Gas the Town and Neighbourhood of Leeds, in the Borough of Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York. ' Ibid.

lvii. An Act for fighting with Gas the Town and County of the Town of Nottingham. Ibid.

lviii. An Act for providing an additional Burial Ground for the Parish of Saint Giles, Reading, in the County of Berks, and a Room for the Use of the Minister in performing the Burial Service; and for flopping up one of the Footpaths over the present Church Yard of the said Parish. IkicL fix. An Act for better paving, cleaning, fighting, watching and improving the Streets, Lanes and other Public Places and Passages of the City of Aberdeen, and the Roads and

Avenue*

xix

[Local & Personal) 58° GEO. III.

Avenues within the Freedom and Royalty thereof; and for supplying the Inhabitants of the said City with Water*

624

lx* An Act for rendering more effectual several Acts of His present Majesty for draining certain Low Lands on both Sides of the River Witham, and in Wildmore Fen, and in the West and East Fens, and other Low Lands adjoining or contiguous thereto, in the County of Lincoln. Ibid.

Ixi. An Act for erecting and maintaining a Harbour, and Works connected therewith, in the Bay of Portnejfoci, at Kirkmaiden, within the Barony of Logan, in the County of Wigton. Ibid.

lxii. An Act to amend the several Acts passed for making Wet Docks, Basins, Cuts and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce and Revenue within the Port of London. Ibid.

lxiii. An Act for making a Railway froni the Hay Railway near Eardijley, in the County of Hereford, to the Lime Works near Burlinjob, in the County of Radntfr. 629

lxiv. An Act for lighting with Gas the University and City of Oxford, and the Suburbs of the said City* 630

lxv. An Act for lighting with Gas the Town and Parish of Sheffield in the County of York* Ibid.

lxvi* An Act for lighting with Gas the Port and Town of Liverpool, and Township of Toxteth Park, in the County of Lancaster. Ibid.

lxvh. An Act for lighting the City and Suburbs of Edinburgh, and Places adjacent, with Gas. Ibid.

lxviii* An Act for enabling the Southwark Bridge Company to raise a further Sum of Money, and to amend, the Acts for building the said Bridge. Ibid.

lxix. An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from Bramley in the County of Surrey, to Ridgewick in the County of Sussex. 631

lxx. An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from the Turnpike Road leading from Ulverflone to Kendal, into the Turnpike Road leading from Millihorp to Kendal, and a Continuation of the said Road from the last mentioned Turnpike Road to join the Turnpike Road leading from Lancaster to KendalIbid.

lxxi. An Act for more effectually converting into Money the Statute Labour in the Stewartry of Kirkcudbright; for repairing the Highways, Bridges and Ferries therein; and for making and maintaining certain Turnpike Roads within the said Stewartry. Ibid.

lxxii. An Act for repairing the Road from Chipping Camp den, in the County of Gloucester, to Clifford Side Gate in the Parish of Old Stratford, in the County of Warwick. Ibid.

lxxhi. An Act to continue the Term and enlarge the Powers of several Acts for repairing the Roads from Basingstoke, through Popham Lane, Sutton Scotney and Stockbridge, in the County of Southampton to a Place called Lobcomo Corner, in the County of Wilts. Ibid.

lxxivw An Act to alter and amend an Act passed in the Forty third Year of His Majesty's Reign, for r&ifing a Fund for making Provision for the Widows of the Writers to His Majesty's Signet in Scotland. Ibid.

lxxv. An Act to explain and amend an Act of the Fifty second Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the /»-

provement of the Harbour of Kidwelly, and for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal or Tramroads in Kidwelly and Llanelly, and other Parishes therein mentioned, in the County of Carmarthen; and to alter and enlarge the Powers thereof. 631

lxxvi. An Act to continue the Term, and to amend, alter and enlarge the Powers of an Act passed in the Forty second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for repealing An Act of the Twenty fifth Year of His said present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from the Stone's End in Blackman Street, in the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey, to Highgate in the County of Sussex, and other Roads therein mentioned 5 and for making a New Road from Kensington Lane to Camberwell Green in the said County of Surrey. 632

lxxvii. An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act passed in the Forty first Year of His present Majesty, for draining, dividing and inclosing a Common called Crowland Common, otherwise Goggujbland, and certain Open Half Year's Meadow, Commonable and Waste Grounds, called The Washes and Fodder Lots, in, adjoining or near the Township of Crowland, in the County of Lincoln. Ibid.

lxxviii. An Act for repairing, widening and improving the Lower Road leading from the Town of Greenwich to the Town of Woolwich, in the County of Kent. Ibid.

lxxix. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of Four Acts of His late and present Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading to, through and from the Town of Monmouth; and for making Two Pieces of Road to communicate therewith. Ibid.

lxxx. An Act to provide additional Salaries to the present Clerks in the Report Office of the High Court of Chancery, and to provide additional Clerks for the said Office; and for making further Provision for the Clerks in the said Office. Ibid.

lxxxi. An Act for paving the Footways, and deanfing, lighting and watching the Streets in the Town of Monmouth.

635

lxxxii. An Act to continue the Term and enlarge the Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road at or near Becihamdton, and other Roads in the said Act mentioned, in the County of Wilts. Ibid.

lxxxiii. An Act for lighting the Bofough of Kidderminster, in the County of Worcester, with Gas. Ibid.

lxxxiv. An Act for lighting with Gas the City of Worcester, and the Liberties, Precincts and Suburbs thereof; and those Parts of the several Parishes of Saint Peter the Great, Saint Martin, Saint Michael in Bedwardine, Saint John in Bed* War dine, Claines and Saint Clement, which lie contiguous to but without the Liberties of the said City, and in the County of Worcester. Ibid.

lxxxv. An Act for better supplying the Inhabitants of the Town of Monmouth with Water. Ibid.

lxxxvi. An Act for building a Chapel of Ease in the Township of Pendleton, and Parish of Eccles, in the County Palatine of Lancaster. Ibid.

lxxxvii. An Act for fighting with Gas the Town of Bright-helmftone, in the County of Sussex. ibid.

58 Geo. III.

d

7

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

PRIVATE ACTS,

PRINTED BY THE KING'S PRINTER,

AND WHEREOF THE PRINTED COPIES MAY BE GIVEN IN EVIDENCE.

r* A N A A for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Cranford, JljL in the County of Middlesex. 636

2. An Act for enabling the Trustees acting under Letters Patent granted by King Charles the Second, to dispose of certain old Almshouses and other Premises, held in Trust for the Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, in the County of Middlesex; and for veiling Part of the new Burial Ground belonging to the said Parish, at or near Camden Town, in the said Trustees, as a Site for erecting new Altnfhouses thereon; and for other Purposes. Hid*

3. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Parish of Laver-flock, including the Tithing of Ford, in the County of

Wilts. Ibid.

4. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Damerham

7 South, in the County of Wilts. Ibid.

5. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Warjbp, in

the County of Nottingham. Ibid.

6. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Thelnetham,

in the County of Suffolk. Ibid.

7. An Act for inclosing Lands in Middop otherwise Mid hope, in the Parish of Ecclesfield, in the County of York. Ibid.

8. An Act for inclosing Lands in Oxfpring, in the Parish of

Penifione, and County of York. Ibid.

9. An Act for inclosing Lands within die Manor of Ainfiable, in the Parish of Ainfiable, in the County of Cumberland. Ibid.

10. An Act to amend an Act made in the Fifty third Year of His present Majesty, for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Isleworth, Hefion and Twickenham, in the County of Middlesex. 637

11. An Act for Allotting Lands in the Parish of Noke, in

the County of Oxford. Ibid.

12. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Erpingham,

Colby9 Banningham and Ingworthy in the County of Norfolk. Ibid.

13. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Itterin-

ham, Oulton, Wickmere and Wood Dailing, in the County of Norfolk. Ibid.

14. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Parish of Great

Melton otherwise Melton Saint Mary, and All Saints, in the County of Norfolk. Ibid.

15. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Moreton Valence* and in the Hairnet or Tithing of Putloe, in the Parish of Standijhy both in the County of Gloucester. Ibid.

-i6. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Norbury, in the County of Derby. Ibid.

17. An Act to amend and enlarge the Powers of aft Act of

His present Majesty, for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Mar deny Sutton Saint Michael* Sutton Saint Nicholas, and Withington, and certain Chapelries, Township and Parishes adjacent thereto, in the County of Hereford. Ibid.

18. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of South More-

ton, in the County of Berks. Ibid.

19. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Waljhamde-

Willowt1 in the County of Suffolk. Ibid.

20. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Etton,

in the Parish of Etton9 in the East Riding of the County of York. 637

21. An Act to enable Peter Pennially and others therein mentioned, to grant a Building Lease of certain Premises situate in High Street, in the Parish of Saint Mary Newington9 in the County of Surrey. Ibid.

22. An Act to enable the Trustees of Saint Pauls School, in the City of London, to purchase Buildings and Land adjoining or near to the said School, for the better Accommodation of the Scholars, and for other Purposes. 638

23. An Act to enable the Governors of the Free Grammar School of King Charles the Second, at Bradford, in the County of York, to felL the old School House, and to fell certain Lands belonging to the said Foundation, and to apply the Money arising by such Sales in the Building of a new School House, and in the Purchase of other Estates, to be vested in the Governors on the Trusts of the said Charity; and to convey the Inheritance in Fee Simple, for building upon referred Rents, or to make Building Lease9 of certain Parts of the Estatea of the said School; and also to enable the Governors to increase the Number of Mailers, and allow proper Salaries \ and for enlarging the Trusts and Powers of the said Governors*

Ibid.

24. An Act for effecting an Exchange of an Estate in the County of Norfolk, devised by the Will of Robert Harvey Esquire to John Harvey Esquire, under certain Limitations, for an Estate belonging to the said John Harvey^A-quire, in Fee Simple, to be subjected to the like Limitations. Ibid.

25. An Act for dividing |and alloting Lands in the Parish of

Lakenheathy in the County of Suffolk. Ibid.

26. An Act for inclosing Lands, in the Parish of Bradford, in

the County of Wilts. Ibid.

27. An Act for amending an Act of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for dividing and inclosing Heworth Moor, in the Manor or Township of Heworth, in the North Riding of the County of York, and for extinguishing the Rights of Stray and Average over certain Lands called Hall Year Lands, Jttuate in the Suburbs or Precincts of the City of York; and for extending the Provisions of the said Act to the Inclosure of certain Lands in the Suburbs or Pracinfts of the City of Fork. Ibid.

28. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Kilmain-

ham9 Saint James, Clondalkin9 Crumlin, Nemcafile and Rathcoole, in the County of Dublin. Ibid.

29. An Act for extinguishing a limited Right of Common

over certain Coppices or Woodlands and Grounds in the Parish of Hurjlborne Tarrant, in the County of Southampton; and for allotting and setting out a Part of the fame, to be subject to a more extensive Right of Common, in lieu of the Right extinguished. Ibid.

30. An Act for empowering Trustees to join, as to One undivided Fourth Part of certain Estates devised by the Will of Edward Barnard Gentleman, deceasVd, in the Sale of

the

XXI

(Private, printed, ) 58° GEO. III.

the Entirety of the fame Estates, and to purchase other Lands to be settled to the same Uses; and also for enabliag the fame Trustees to join, as to the fame undivided Fourth Part, in making a Partition of the fame Estates; and also for empowering certain Trustees to join in granting Leases of the Entirety of the fame Premises, and for other Purposes.

31. An Act for repealing an Year of His present Majesty vesting Part of the Settled Estates of Sir Charles Knightley Baronet, which were devised by the Will of Lucy Knightley Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money arising thereby in the Purchase of other Estates to be

settled in lieu thereof and to the same Uses, and for other Purposes; and for vesting that Part and other Parts of the said Settled Estates in other Trustees, to be sold, and for applying Part of the Money ailing thereby in the Discharge of certain Incumbrances thereon, and laying out the Residue of the fame Money in the Purchase of other Estates to be settled to the same Uses. Ibid.

32. An Act to render effectual a Conveyance of the legal Fee as to a Moiety of certain Hereditaments in the Parishes of Llanidloes, Llangerrig and Llandinam, in the County of Montgomery, belonging to Robert Ingram Esquire. 639

33. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Lytebet Mat ravers and Lytebet Minster, in the County of Dorset. Ibid.

34. An Act for effecting and establishing an Exchange be-

tween the Reverend Robert Philip Goodenough, Rector of Carlton, in Lindrick, in the County of Nottingham, and Henry Galley Knight Esquire, of Glebe and other Lands in Carlton aforesaid. Ibid.

638

Act passed in the Fifty third Reign, intituled An Act for

35. An Act for vesting in the surviving and new Trustees. certain Estates and [Property in Ireland of the Most Honourable Walter Marquis and Earl of Ormonde in Ireland, and Baron Butler in England, which have not been sold or disposed of under and by virtue of Three Acts of Parliament made in the Thirty fifth, Forty fifth, and Forty eighth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty. 639 '

36. An Act for settling a Moiety of a yearly Rent of Four

hundred Pounds, discharged from certain Entails created therein, upon William Danby Esquire and Caroline his Wife, and their I flue. Ibid.

37. An Act for confirming an Exchange of certain Estates in

the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk, of which Sarah He-therfett, Spinster, is Tenant for Life under the Will of her late Uncle John Barker Esquire, for certain Estates in the said Counties to which the said Sarah Hetherfett and her Sifters, Jane Maria Hemsworth (Wife of Henry D'Ester re Hemsworth Esquire), Ann Amelia Hetherfett Spinster, and Isabel Huntington (Wife of John Barker Huntington Esquire), became entitled by Descent from their late Father James Hetherfett Esquire. 'Ibid.

38. An Act for effecting the Sale of the settled Freehold Estates of Thomas Leech the Elder, Esquire, situate in the Counties of Lincoln, Kent and Surrey, and for applying the Monies to arise by such Sale in Manner therein mentioned. Ibid.

39. An Act for vesting certain Pieces or Parcels of Land,

and other Hereditaments, belonging to Sidney Stiffen Col* lege, in the University of Cambridge, in Trustees lor Sale, with Powers to lease on Fines, and for applying the Purchase Monies, and Monies to arise from Fines, in Manner therein mentioned. Ibid.

PRIVATE ACTS,

NOT PRINTED.

40. AN Act for inclosing Lands in the Tithing of Uploders, xY. in the Parish of Loders, in the County of Dorset.

41. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Manor of 7b/-worth otherwise Talworth, in the parish of Long Ditton9 in the County of Surrey.

42. An Act for naturalizing John Adam Schweickhert.

43. An Act for naturalizing Martin Haberer.

44. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Henfally in the Parish of Snaith, in the County of York.

[Allotment for Tithes. Value of Tithes ascertained. If Proprietor has not sufficient Land to exonerate his old Inclosure from Tithe, the Deficiency to be made up in Money. How and by whom Tithe Allotments to be fenced. Tithe to continue payable till Allotments made.]

45. An Act for confirming a Partition and Division of certain Estates situate in the County of Pembroke, and in the Town and County of the Town of Haverfordwest, late the Property of Barret Bowen Jordan Esquire, and for settling the Shares which upon the said Partition and Division were allotted to each of the Parties therein described, to the several Uses therein mentioned.

46. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Great Com-berton, in the County of WorTcsler.

[.Allotment to Re8or and Impropriator in lieu of Tithes. Payments to be made by Persons not having Land to compensate for Tithes. Expenses to Tithe Allotments deemed Part of general Expenses.]

47. An Act for inclosing and exonerating from Tithes Lands in the Parish of Berwick Saint Leonard, in the County of Wilts.

[Tithe Allotment. Until Lands set out Tithe to continue« Tithe Allotments to be fenced by the other Proprietors.']

48. An Act for allotting, exchanging and inclosing Lands at Long Load, within the Parish of Martock, in the County of Somerset.

49. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Ulcelp with Fotherington otherwise' Fordington, otherwise Forth-ington, in the County of Lincoln.

[Allotment for Great and Small Tithes. For fencing Glebe and Tithe Allotments. Tithes payable until Allotments are made.]

50. An Act for inclosing certain Waste Lands in the Borough of Hell ft on, and the several Parishes of Wendron, Mawgan in MeneagCy and Sjtbney, in the County of Cornwall.

[A8 not to ajfeS Tithes.]

51. An Act for inclosing Week Moor, in the County of Somerset, and other Lands in the several Parishes of Curry Rivell, Drayton, Swell and Fivehead, in the said County.

52. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manors of Woodman-cot, Nuthourne and Prinfted, in the Parish of Westhourns, in the County of Sussex.

[Riglt to Tithes not to be qffeSed.]

S3- An

XXII

The TITLES of the STATUTES.

53. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish or Township of Wilfthorpe9 in the County of Lincoln*

[.Allotment for Tithe* The Allotments in lieu of Tithes to be Ring fenced by the other Proprietors. No Leafs of the ReBoPs Lands to be good unless His Majestfs Consent shall be Jirfl obtained.]

54. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Tresham, in the Parish of Hawke/bury, in the County of Gloucester*

[Proprietors who choose to commute Corn Tithes may do so* Expenses of Ring fencing Ttthe Allotments to be considered as Part of the general Expences.]

55. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Bucknetl and Clungunford\ in the County of Salop.

[.Allotment to the Refior in lieu of Great and Small Tithes* Tithes payable till Allotments are made/]

56. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Tithings of Froxfield and Fyfieldy in the Parishes of Froxfield and Milton, in the County of Wilts*'

57. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Philip Leigh the younger, Gentleman, with Catherine Leigh his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

58. An Act for naturalizing Andrew Kaye*

59. An Act for naturalizing Alexander Lewis Prevofi.

60. An Act for naturalizing Martin Diederich Rucker*

61. An Act for naturalizing William Frederick Linfingen Count Linfingen.

62. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Bickenhill

and Little Packington9 and in the Hamlet of Diddingtoni all in the County of Warwick*

[.Allotment for Great and Small Tubes* Tithes of Little Packington to be commutedfor by an annual Rent to be regulated by the Price of Wheat*]

63. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Hacknefs9 in the North Riding of the County of York*

[, Proviso for Tithes, Esfc.]

64. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Skirbeck, in the County of Lincoln.

[Allotment for Tithes of old Inclosures,&c. Commissioner to ascertain the Number of Acres not subject to Tithes in Kind. Proportion in which Proprietors shall contribute to Ttthe Allotments* Allotments to be delineated upon a Plan and Statements respecting Discharges from Tithes fbewn to the Proprietors* Tithe Allotment to be fenced* Tithes to be payable till Allotment made* Proprietors of old Inclosures who have not sufficient Lands to make Compensation for Tithes9to pay the Value thereof to such Persons as the Commissioners shall appoint. Tenants for Life9 &c. of old Inclosures empowered to charge their Estates with Money paid for discharging the fame from Tithes.]

65. An Act for naturalizing Alexis James Doxat.

6p. An Act to enable The Right Honourable Susan Char ter is, commonly called Dowager Lady Elcho9 to take and use the Surname of Tracy, and to bear the Coat of Arms of the'N*me and Family of Tracy f pursuant to the Will of Robert Tracy Esquire, deceased.

A

TABLE

Containing the TITLES of all

THE STATUTES,

Passed in the FIRST Session of the SIXTH Parliament

OF

The United Kingdom of Great Britain and

59° GEORGE III.

PUBLIC GENERAL ACTS.

1. AN Act to provide for the Care of His Majesty's Royal

Person during the Continuance of His Majesty's Illness. Page 645

2. An Act for reviving and further continuing, until the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, an Act made in the Fifty first Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to extend an Act made in the Eighteenth Year of His late Majesty King George the Second, to explain and amend the Laws touching the Elections of the Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for England, respecting the Expenses of Huflings and Poll Clerks, so far as regards the City of Westminster. 648

3. An Act for continuing to His Majesty certain Duties on

Malt, Sugar, Tobacco and Snuff, in Great Britain; and on Pension8, Offices and Personal E dates in England for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and nineteen. Ibid.

4. An Act for raising the Sum of Twenty Millions, by

Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and nineteen. 649

5. An Act to ascertain the Tonnage of Vessels propelled by Steam. Ibid.

6. An Act to enable His Majesty to direct the Distribution

of any Reward awarded by the Commissioners of the Customs or Excise to the Officers of the Army, Navy or Marines, for apprehending Smugglers, in such manner as His Majesty shall be pleased to appoint. 650

7. An Act to regulate the Cutlery Trade in England. Ibid.

8. An Act to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March

One thousand eight hundred and twenty, an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for preventing Aliens from becoming naturalized, or being made or becoming Denizens, except in certain Cases. 654

9. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army, and their Quarters. Ibid.

10. An Act for the regulating of His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore. 656

59 Geo. HI*

11. An Act to indemnify such Persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and for extending the time limited for certain of those Purposes respectively, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty; and to permit such Persons in Great Britain as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, to make and file the fame on or before the First Day of Hilary Term One thousand eight hundred and twenty, and to allow Persons to make and file such Affidavits, although the Persons whom they served shall have neglected to take out their Annual Certificates. Page 657

12. An Act to amend the Laws for the Relief of the Poor. Ibid.

13. An Act to continue Two Acts of the Fifty sixth and

Fifty eighth Years of His present Majesty, for reducing the Duties payable on Horses used for the Purposes therein mentioned, to the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and twenty one; and to reduce the Duties chargeable under certain Acts of the Forty eighth and Fifty second Years of His present Majesty, in respect of certain Horses, Mares, Geldings and Mules. 666

14. An Act to continue, until the First Day of July, One thousand eight hundred and twenty three, an Act of the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty, for permitting the Exportation of Wool from the British Plantations in America. 66 7

15. An Act to continue, until the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, an Act of the Fifty fourth Year of His present Majesty, for granting certain Duties on Merchandise imported into Irelands from any Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies. Ibid.

16. An Act to carry into effect the Treaty with the Netherlands, relating to the Slave Trade. Ibid.

e 17. An

XXIV

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

17. An Act to amend an Act of last Session of Parliament,

for carrying into execution a Convention made between His Majesty and the King of Portugal, for the preventing the Traffic in Slaves. Page 673

18. An Act to make perpetual an Act of the Forty fourth

Year of His present Majesty, for permitting the Exportation of Salt from the Port of Nassau in the island of New Providence, the Port of Exuma and the Port of Crooked island, in the Bahama Islands, in American Ships coming in Ballast. 677

19. An Act to render, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty, the growing Produce of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom, arising in Great Britain, available for the Public Service. Ibid.

20. An Act to enable the Commissioners of His Majesty's

Treasury to issue Exchequer Bills, on the Credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been or shall be granted by Parliament for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and nineteen. 679

21. An Act to amend several Acts for purchasing an Estate

for the Duke of Wellington. Ibid.

22. An Act for the further Regulation of His Majesty's

Household, and the Care of His Royal Person during the Continuance of His Indisposition. 680

23. An Act to restrain, until the End of the present Session

of Parliament, the Governor and Company of the Bank of England from making Payments in Cacti under certain Notices given by them for that Purpose. 682

24. An Act to restrain, until the End of the present Session

of Parliament, the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland from making Payments in the Gold Coin of this Realm, under certain Notices given by them. 683

25. An Act to enable His Majesty to fix the Rate anddireft the Disposal of Freight Money, for the Conveyance of Specie and Jewels on board His Majesty's Ships and Vessels.

684

26. An Act for fixing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers. 685

27. An Act to facilitate the Trial of Felonies committed on

board Vessels employed on Canals, Navigable Rivers and Inland Navigations. Ibid.

28. An Act to empower Magistrates to divide the Court of

Quarter Sessions. Ibid.

29. An Act to repeal the Duties on Mineral Alkali, and on

Articles containing Mineral Alkali and other Articles,

and to impose other Duties in lieu thereof. 686

30. An Act for vesting in Commissioners the Line of Road from Shrewsbury in the County of Salop, to Bangor Ferry in the County of Carnarvon, and for discharging the Trustees under several Acts of the Seventeenth, Twenty eighth, Thirty sixth, Forty first, Forty second, Forty seventh, and Fiftieth Years of His present Majesty, from the future Repair and Maintenance thereof; and for altering and

repealing so much of the said Acts as affects the said Line of Road. 687

31. An Act to enable certain Commissioners fully to carry

into effect several Conventions for liquidating Claims of British Subjects and others, against the Government of

France. Ibid.

32. An Act to continue until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty two, and amend so much of an Act made in the Fifty fifth Year of His present Majesty, for granting, until the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, additional Duties of Excise in Great Britain, as relates to Tobacco and Snuff and certain Excise Licences. 693*

33. An Act to continue, until the First Day of July Ontf

thousand eight hundred and twenty one, several Acts of the Fifty fourth and Fifty fifth Years of His present Majesty, respecting the Duties of Customs payable on Merchandise imported into Great Britain, from any Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies. Fage 693

34. An Act to amend and render more effectual several Acts

for enabling the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt to grant Life Annuities, and to empower the said Commissioners to grant Anuuities for Lives or Years, for promoting the beneficial Purposes of the Fund commonly called The Waterloo* Subscription. 694

35. An Act to amend an Act, passed in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to facilitate the Administration of Justice in that Part of the United Kingdom called Scotland, by extending Trial by Jury to Civil Causes. 698

36. An Act to repeal certain Acts now in force for regulat-

ing the making and Sale of Bread out of the City of London, and the Liberties thereof, and beyond the Weekly Bills of Mortality and Ten Miles of the Royal Exchange, where no Assize is set 5 and for establishing other Provisions and Regulations relative thereto. 708

37. An Act for further regulating the Qualification of Mem-

bers to serve in the United ParGament of Great Britain and Ireland.*715

38. An Act to enable His Majesty to make Regulations with respect to the taking and curing Fish on certain Parts of the Coasts of Newfoundland, Labrador, and His Majesty's other Possessions in North America, according to a Convention made between His Majesty and the United States of America. 716

39. An Act for the more frequent Payment, into the Receipt

of the Exchequer at Westminster, of Monies arising from the Duties of Customs, Excise, Stamps and Postage in England. 717

40. An Act to secure Spiritual Persons in the Possession of

Benefices in certain Cases. Ibid.

41. An Act to establish Regulations for preventing Contagious Diseases in Ireland. 718

42. An Act for raising the Sum of Twelve Millions by way

of Annuities. 720

43. An Act to authorise the Receipt and Appropriation of certain Sums voluntarily contributed by the Most Noble John Jeffreys Marquis Camden, in aid of the Public Ser-

vice. Ibid.

44. An Act to amend an Act passed in the Fifty seventh

Year of His present Majesty, for the more effectual Punishment of Murders, Manslaughters, Rapes, Robberies and Burglaries committed in Places not within His Majesty's Dominions, as relates to the Trial of Murders, Manslaughters, Rapes, Robberies and Burglaries committed in

Honduras. 721

45. An Act to explain and amend certain Acts relative to

the Court of Session in Scotland. 722

46. An Act to abolish Appeals of Murder, Treason, Felony

or other Offences, and Wager of Battel, or joining Issue and Trial by Battel, in Writs of Right. 723

47. An Act to indemnify Persons who shall give Evidence

before the Lords Spiritual and Temporal on the Bill for preventing Bribery and Corruption at the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Barnfaple, in the County of Devon. Ibid.

48. An Act to amend an Act passed in the Fifty fifth Year of His present Majesty, for granting to His Majesty the

(Public General). 59° GEO. III.

Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds towards repairing Roads between London and Holyhead by Chester, and between London and Bangor by Shrewsbury; and for giving additional Powers to the Commissioners therein named, to build a Bridge over the Menai Straits, and to make a new Road from Bangor Ferry to Holyhead, in the County of Angle* sea. Page 724

49. An Act to continue the Restrictions contained in several

Aftson Payments in Cash by the Bank of England, until the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and twenty three, and to provide for the gradual Resumption of such Payments; and to permit the Exportation of Gold and Silver. 725

50. An Act to amend the Laws respecting the Settlement of the Poor, so far as regards renting Tenements, 729

51. An Act to relieve Persons compounding for their Assessed Taxes, from an Annual Assessment, for the Term of Three Years.'Ibid.

52. An Act to repeal the several Duties of Customs chargeable in Great Britain, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof. 736

53. An Act for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties of Excise on Tea, Coffee and Cocoa Nuts, Tobacco and Snuff, Pepper, Malt and British Spirits, and consolidating the fame with the former Duties thereon 5 and for amending certain Laws of Excise relating thereto. 857

54. An Act to carry into effect a Convention of Commerce concluded between His Majesty and the United States of America, and a Treaty with the Prince Regent of Portugal. 867

55. An Act to extend the Provisions of Three Acts of the Fifty second. Fifty third, and Fifty seventh Years of His present Majesty, for allowing British Plantation Sugar and Coffee, and other Articles imported into Bermuda in British Ships to be exported to America in Foreign Vessels, and to permit Articles, the Produce of America, to be imported into Bermuda in Foreign Ships, to certain other Articles. 869

56. An Act to make further Regulations as to the Payment of Navy Prize Orders. Ibid.

57. An Act to alter and amend certain Laws of Excise in respect to Salt and Rock Salt. 874

58. An Act for facilitating the Recovery of the Wages of Seamen in the Merchant Service. 887

9. An Act to extend the Provisions of an Act made in the Fifty fifth Year of His present Majesty, for the Payment of Wages due to deceased Seamen and Marines, to Wages due to mtestate Bastards. 889

60. An Act to permit the Archbishops of Canterbury and York, and th6 Bishop of London, for the time being, to admit Persons into Holy Orders specially for the Colonies. Ibid.

61. An Act to enable Counties and Stewartries in Scotland to give aid to Royal Burghs situated therein, for the purpose of improving, enlarging or rebuilding their Gaols; or to improve, enlarge or rebuild Common Gaols of Counties and Stewartries which are not the Gaols of Royal Burghs. 890

62. An Act for the Protection of Banks for Savings in Scotland. 893

63. An Act to explain an Act passed in the Fifty fifth Year of His present Majesty, for purchasing an Estate for the Duke of Wellington. 895

64. An Act to facilitate Proceedings against the Warden of The Fleet, in Vacation. 896

65. An Act for granting to His Majesty a Sum of Money to be raised by Lotteries. Page 896

66. An Act to make further Provisions for the Regulation of Cotton Mills and Factories, and for the better Preserv-ation of the Health of young Persons employed therein. 899

67. An Act to continue, until the Thirtieth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty, an Act of the Fifty fourth Year of His present Majesty, for the effectual Examination of Accounts of the Receipt and Expenditure of the Colonial Revenues in the I (lands of Ceylon, Mauri-tius, Malta, Trinidad, and in the Settlements of the Cape of Good Hope. 900

68. An Act for exonerating the Manor of Dawlish in the County of Devon, from the Claims of the Crown against the Estate of John Inglett Fortescue Esquire. Ibid.

69. An Act to prevent the enlisting or Engagement of His Majesty's Subjects to serve in Foreign Service, and the fitting out or equipping, in His Majesty's Dominions, Vessels for Warlike Purposes, without His Majesty's Licence. 901

70. An Act to repeal certain Acts of the Parliament of Scotland, regarding Duelling. 904

71. An Act for raising a Loan of Twelve Millions from the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt. / 905

72. An Act to grant to His Majesty an additional Duty of

Excise on Tobacco in Ireland. 906

73. An Act to repeal several Acts, requiring the Matters of Vessels carrying Certificate Goods to Ireland to take Duplicates of the Contents; prohibiting the Importation of certain wrought Goods, and the Exportation of Gunpowder when the Price shall exceed a certain Sum. 908

74. An Act to allow the Importation of Tobacco from the

East Indies and other Places; and for confining the Exportation of Tobacco from Great Britain, and the Importation thereof into Ireland, to Vessels of Seventy Tons Burthen and upwards. 909

75. An Act to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty, Two Acts, made in the Fifty fourth and Fifty sixth Years of His present Majesty, for regulating the Trade in Spirits between Great Britain and Ireland reciprocally. 910

76. An Act to establish further Regulations respecting Ad-

vances by the Bank of England for the Public Service, and the Purchase of Government Securities by the said Bank. 911

77. An Act to continue, until the Twenty fourth Day of

June One thousand eight hundred and twenty six, an Act for amending the Laws relating to the Allowance of the Bounties on Pilchards exported. 912

78. An Act for transferring the Duty of the Supervisor of the Receiver General's Receipts and Payments to the Comptroller General of the Customs in England. Ibid.

79. An Act to continue, until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and twenty, Two Acts of the Forty fifth and Fiftieth Years of His present Majesty, allowing the bringing of Coals, Culm and Cinders to London and Westminster by Inland Navigation. Ibid.

80. An Act concerning Common Recoveries to be suffered

by Attorney in Courts of Ancient iDemefne; and to explain an Act of His present Majesty, relative to the Sale or mortgaging of Estates of Lunatics. 913

81. An Act to amend an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for appointing Commissioners to inquire concerning Charities in England for the Education of the Poor; and

e 2 to

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

to extend the Powers thereof to other Charities in England and Wales; to continue in force until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and twenty three, and from thence until the End of the then next Session of Parliament. 'Page 913

82. An Act to amend an Act made in the Fifty fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for enabling the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties in Ireland to purchase Premises for erecting Docks, Warehouses and Offices in Dublin. 915

83. An Act to grant Duties of Customs and to allow Drawbacks on certain Goods, Wares and Merchandise imported into and exported from Ireland, in lieu of former Duties and Drawbacks on the like Articles; and to make further Regulations for securing the Duties of Customs in Ireland.

9*7

84. An Act to amend the Laws for making, repairing and improving the Roads and other Public Works in Ireland, by Grand Jury Presentments, and for a more effectual lnveftigation 01 such Presentments, and for further securing a true, full and faithful Account of all Monies levied under fame. 922

85. An Act to amend and correct an Act of the last Session

of Parliament, for the Regulation of Parish Vestries in England. 938

86. An Act for regulating the Exercise of the Right of

Common of Pasture in the New Forest, in the County of Southampton s for repealing certain Parts of Two Acts passed in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth and the Fifty second Years of His present Majesty 5 and for the better Collection and Recovery of the Gale Rents in the Forest of Dean, in the County of Gloucester. 939

87. An Act to grant to His Majesty certain Duties of

Excise in Ireland on Malt. 041

88. An Act to repeal the annual Excise Duties upon Malt, Tobacco and Snuff, continued by an Act of the present Session of Parliament, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof, for the Service of the Year ending the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty. 944

89. An Act to continue, until the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and twenty four, an Act made in the Fifty seventh Year of His present Majesty, for fuf-pending a Part of the Duties on Sweets or Made Wines.

945

90. An Act for the Prevention of Frauds in the Duties on

Soap; for preferring the Books or Papers called Specimens, left by Officers of Excise on the Premises of Traders; and for requiring more speedy Payment of the Excise Duties on Printed Calicoes. Ibid.

91. An Act for giving additional Facilities in Applications

to Courts of Equity, regarding the Management of Estates or Funds belonging to Charities. 950

92. An Act to enable Justices of the Peace in Ireland to

act as such, in certain Cases, out of the Limits of the Counties in which they actually are; to make Provision for the Execution of Warrants of Distress granted by them; and to ai^thorise them to impose Fines upon Constables and other Officers for Neglect of Duty, and on Matters for 111 Usage of their Apprentices. 951

93. An Act to continue for One Year, and from thence

until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, an Act, made in the Fifty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, to make Provision for securing the Profits of the Office of Clerk of the Pleas of His Majesty's Court of Exchequer in Ireland. 953

94. An Act to explain and amend Two Acts, passed in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth and Forty seventh Years

of His present Majesty, concerning the Disposition of certain Real and Personal Property of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors. Page 953

95. An Act for confirming ancient Separations of Towns

Corporate from Parishes, in regard to the Maintenance of the Poor. 955

96. An Act to facilitate the Trials of Felonies committed on

Stage Coaches and Stage Waggons, and other such Carriages; and of Felonies committed on the Boundaries of Counties. Ibid.

97. An Act to extend the Provisions of an Act made in

the Forty sixth Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for the more speedy Trial of Offences committed in dislant Parts upon the Seas, to the Trial of Offences committed in Africa against the Laws for abolishing the Slave Trade. 956

98. An Act to limit the Continuance of the Operation of the several Acts for imposing Fines upon Townlands

and Places in Ireland, in respect of Offences relating to

the unlawful Distillation of Spirits 5 and to amend the said Acts; and to provide for the more effectual Prevention or Suppression of such Offences. 957

99. An Act to continue, until the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty three, the restrictions on Payments in Calli by the Bank of Ireland\ and to direct the gradual Resumption of Calli Payments by the said Bank. 962

100. An Act to amend an Act of the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, relating to Prisons in Ireland. 964

101. An Act to enlarge the Powers of an Act passed in

the Fifty sixth Year of His present Majesty, relative to the Transportation of Offenders, to continue until the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and twenty one. 965

102. An Act for further regulating the Appointment of

Gamekeepers in Wales. Ibid.

103. An Act to repeal so much of Two Acts as require certain Accounts to be laid before Parliament; and to amend an Act of the Twenty sixth Year of His present Majesty, relative to laying an Account before Parliament.

9 66

104. An Act to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty, certain Laws of Excise, with regard to Crown Glass and Flint and Phial Glass; and to alter certain Laws with regard to Flint Glass. 967

105. An Act for granting to His Majesty an additional countervailing Duty on Spirits extracted in England i)r Ireland respectively, and imported into Scotland; and for repealing the additional Duty on Licences taken out by Retailers of Sweets in Great Britain; and for exempting from all countervailing Duties the Leather and Glass of Carriages brought by persons for private Use from Ireland into Great Britain, or from Great Britain into Ireland.

969

106. An Act to amend the several Acts for securing the

Payment of the Duties of Excise upon certain Licences, and regulating the issuing of such Licences; and for securing the Duties upon Spirits distilled by licensed Distillers in Ireland. 970

107. An Act to consolidate and amend several Acts for regulating the granting of Permits and Certificates for the Conveyance and Protection of certain Goods in Ireland. 976

108. An Act to amend several Acts relating to the Poll

Office and Conveyance of Letters in Ireland. 985

109. An

(Public General) S9° ^LO. III.

xxvii

109. An Act for the further Encouragement and Improvement of the Irt/b Fisheries. Page 986

110. An Act to remove Doubts respecting the Dues payable to the Levant Company. 999

in. An Act to repeal so much of an Act, passed in the Fifty fifth Year of His present Majesty, as relates to the Postage and Conveyance of Letters to and from the Cape of Good Hope, Ceylon, the Mauritius, and the East Indies; and to make other Regulations respecting the Postage of such Letters and Packets, and other Letters and Packets sent by the Post. 1001

112. An Act to grant, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, an additional Bounty on the Exportation of certain Silk Manufactures of Great Britain. 1005

113. An Act for continuing the Premiums allowed to Ships

employed in the Southern Whale Fishery. Ibid.

114. An Act to flay Proceedings against any Governor or other Persons concerned in imposing and levying Duties in New South Wales; to continue, until the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, certain Duties; and to empower the said Governor to levy a Duty on Spirits made in the said Colony. 1006

115. An Act to repeal the Duties and Drawbacks of Excise on Plates or Sheets of Plate Glass, and to impose other Duties and allow other Drawbacks in lieu thereof.

1007

116. An Act to defray the Charge of the Pay, Clothing

and Contingent Expences of the Disembodied Militia in Great Britain; and for granting Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers, Adjutants, Quartermasters, Surgeons, Surgeons Mates and Serjeant Majors of Militia, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty. 1009

117. An Act for defraying, until the Twenty fifth Day of

June One thousand eight hundred and twenty, the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia of Ireland; and for making Allowances to Officers and Quartermasters of the said Militia during Peace. 1010

118. An Act to give Relief in certain Cases of Assessment

of Taxes in Great Britain, and to Persons compounding for their Assessed Taxes in Ireland, from an Annual Assessment for Three Years, from the Sixth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty. 1012

119. An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the Thirty first Year of His Majesty King George the Second, for the Encouragement of Seamen employed in the Royal Navy, as it relates to certain Allowances to Navy Agents.

1015

120. An Act for establishing a Registry of Colonial Slaves in Great Britain, and for making further Provision with respect to the JRemoval of Slaves from British Colonies.

1016

x 21. An Act to make further Regulations for the Prevention of Smuggling. 1019

122. An Act to permit Vessels under a certain Tonnage to trade between the United Kingdom and Ne*w South Wales.

1023

123. An Act to empower the Officers of the Customs in Great Britain to allow Reports of VeUds* Cargoes to he amended; to require Goods which hate, been ware-housed without Payment of Duties, or being prohibited, warehoused for Exportation, to be put on board Vessels by Persons licensed for that Purpose 5 to direct that Cocquet and Bond shall be required for Slate and Stone carried Coastwise; and to empower Officers of the Customs to administer Oaths* 1024

124. An Act for amending an Act made in the Forty third

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for regulating the Vessels carrying Passengers from the United Kingdom to His Majesty's Plantations and Settlements Abroad, or to Foreign Parts, with respect to the Number of such Passengers, and for making further Provision for that Purpose. Page 1026

125. An Act to admit certain Goods imported from the

East Indies to Entry and Payment of Duty without being warehoused; and to permit the Exportation of certain East India Goods to Guernsey and Jersey, and the Removal of certain East India Goods to Liverpool, Lancaster, Bris tol and Glasgow, for Exportation. Ibid.

126. An Act for requiring the like Proof, to obtain Draw-

back of Duty on Coals used or consumed in calcining or smelting Tin, Copper or Lead Ores in the Counties of Devon and Cornwall, as is required on Coals used in Mines of Tin, Copper or Lead, in the said Counties. 1027

127. An Act for making Provision for the better Care of

Pauper Lunatics in England. 1028

128. An Act for the further Protection and Encouragement

of Friendly Societies, and for preventing Frauds and Abuses therein. 1029

120. An Act to continue in force, until the Expiration of Three Calendar Months after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, Three Acts of His present Majesty, for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors in England.

1032

130. An Act to continue the several Acts for the Relief of

Insolvent Debtors in Ireland, until the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty. Ibid.

131. An Act for raising the Sum of Sixteen millions five hundred thousand Pounds, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and nineteen. Ibid.

132. An Act for raising the Sum of Two Millions British Currency, by Treasury Bills in Ireland, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and nineteen. Ibid.

135. An Act for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and nineteen; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament. 1033

134. An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, for building and promoting the building of additional Churches in populous Parishes. IC39

135. An Act to repeal Two Acts, made in the Fifty fourth and Fifty fifth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for maintaining and keeping in repair certain Roads and Bridges in Scotland; to provide more effectually for that Purpose; and for Regulation of Ferries in Scotland. 1047

136. An Act for the better Regulation of the General

Penitentiary for Convicts at MilUank. 1054

137. An Act to enable the Directors of the Poor of the several Parishes within the City of Worcester, and of the Parishes united therewith, to sell and dispose of certain Lands, discharged of all Claims of the Crown in respect of any Forfeiture incurred under the Statutes of Mortmain. 1057

138. An Act for appointing Commissioners for carrying

into execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, for granting to His Majesty a Duty on Pensions and Offices in England; and an Act made in the Thirty eighth Year of His present Majesty, for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety eight* Ibid.

xxiiiv The TITLES of the STATUTES,

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS,

DECLARED PUBLIC,

AND TO BE JUDICIALLY NOTICED.

i. AN Act to continue the Term and alter and enlarge

XjL the Powers of Three Acts of His late and present Majesty's Reign, for repairing the Roads therein respectively mentioned and described, in the County of York; so far as the said Acts relate to the Road leading from the South west Corner of the Inclosures of Harrogate, through Knaresborough, to Boroughbridge. Page 1059

ii. An Act for lighting with Gas the City of Brtfloly and

certain Parishes adjacent thereto. Ibid.

iii. An Act for regulating the Police of the Burgh of Colton and Village and Lands of Mile End, in the County of Lanark; paving, cleansing and lighting the Streets and Passages of the said District; and for erecting a Court House, Gaol, and a Bridewell or Workhouse therein. Ibid.

iv. An Act to continue the Term and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts passed in the Eighteenth and Thirty eighth Years of His present Majesty's ; Reign, for repairing several Roads leading from the Town of Maiden Newton, in the County of Dorset, and other Roads communicating therewith, in the Counties of Somerset and Dorset. Ibid.

v. An Act to incorporate for a further Term the Governor and Company of the British Plate Glass Manufacture.

vi. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and en-

larging the Powers of several Acts of His late and present Majesty, for repairing certain Roads therein mentioned, so far as relates to the Road leading from Chappel Bar, near Nottingham, to St. Mary's Bridge in Derby, and from the Guide Post, in the Parish of Lenton, to Sawley Ferry. Ibid.

vii. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from the Golden Farmer, near Bagshot, in the County of Surrey, to Hertfordbridge Hilly and from thence to Bajtngfloke and Odiham, and from 0diham to the Great Western Road at Bartley Heath in the County of Southampton; and also from Odiham aforesaid to a Place called the Bull Inn9 in the Parish of Swallowjieldy in the County of Wilts, on the Turnpike Road leading from the Town of Reading, in the County of Berks, to Basingstoke aforesaid. 1060

viii. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Three Acts, for repairing the Road from Fryer Bacon's Study to Chilton Pondy and other Roads in the County of Berks, so far as relates to the Road called The Abingdon District. Ibid.

ix. An Act for abolishing the Payment of certain Tolls

called Ingates and Outgatesy collected at the several Entrances into the Town of Liverpool in the County of Lan-eastery and of certain Tolls and Stallage now payable in the Markets and Fairs there, and for granting other Tolls and Stallage in lieu thereof, and for the better Regulation TSf the said Markets and Fairs. Ibid.

x. An Act for more effectually making, straightening, repair-

ing and improving the Road from near the Town of Lewes to Polegate, in the Parish of Hailsham, and from thence to Eastboumey and from Polegate to Hail/bam Common, in the County of Sussex. Ibid.

xi. An Act for altering, amending and extending the Provisioct of an Act passed in the Fifty sixth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and altering the Parish Church of Saint George the Martyr, in the County of Middlesex, and for making further Provision for the Rector of the said Parish, and for improving the Church Yard thereof.

Page 1060

xii. An Act for continuing and amending Three Acts of His late and present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Kighley to Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of York. Ibid.

xiii. An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal

from or from near the City of Carlisle, to the Solway Frith9 at or near Fisher's Crofsy in the Parish of Bownefsy in the County of Cumberland. Ibid.

xiv. An Act to enable the Justices of Peace for the County of Brecon to take down the prefeilt County Bridge over the River UJky and to build Two new Bridges over the Rivers Senny and UJk in lieu thereof. Ibid.

xv. An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Annuities or otherwise, for the purpose of erecting a Workhouse for the Use of the Poor of the Parish of Saint John of Wapping, in the County of Middlesex. Ibid.

xvi. An Act to enlarge the Powers of Three Acts of His present Majesty, for paving, cleansing and lighting the Streets and other public Places within the King's Town of Maidjloncy in the County of Kent, and better iupplying the Inhabitants with Water; and for watching the said Town, and making public Wharfs therein. Ibid.

xvii. An Act for lighting with Gas the Town and Parish of

Cheltenham and Precincts thereof, in the County of Gloucester. Ibid.

xviii. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from the Toll House Beck, in the Township of Ireby, in the County of Lancaster, to Kirkby Lonsdale and Kirkby Kendal, in the County of Westmorland, and through Kirkby Lonsdale to Milnthorp in the said County. 1061

xix. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from a Place called Morton's Cornery in the Town of Wei-Tingborough, in the County of Northampton to the East End of Abington Street, in the Town of Northampton. Ibid.

xx. An Act to alter and enlarge the Powers of The Gas Light and Coke Company, and to amend Three Acts of His present Majesty relating to the said Company. Ibid.

xxi. An Act for lighting, watching and cleansing Long

Laney in the Parish of Saint Mary Magdaleny Bermondsey, in the County of Surrey, and the Streets, Lanes, Passages and Places contiguous or adjoining thereto within the same Parish. Ibid.

xxii. An Act for providing that the several Highways within the Parish of Manchylcry in the County Palatine of Lancaster, shall be repaired by the Inhabitants of the respective Townships within which the same are situate. Ibid.

xxiii. An Act for subjecting certain Streets and Places within and adjacent to the Parish of Saint James, Westminster, in the County of Middlesex, called Optional Streets, to the fame Rates for paving, cleansing and lighting as the other Streets and Places within the said Parish; and for

XXIX

( Local G? j Personas)59° GEO. III.

for altering, so far as relates to the said Parish, certain Acts for paving, cleansing and lighting the Streets and other Places within the City and Liberty of Westminster and Parts adjacent. Page 1061

xxiv. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Alconbury Hill to Wansford Bridge, and from Norman Cross to Peterborough Bridge, all in the County of Huntingdon. Ibid.

xxv. An Act for repairing the Road from Shelton's Lane in

Bury, in the County of Huntingdon, to a House formerly called The Spread Eagle in the Hamlet of Stratton, in the Parish of Bigglefwadc, in the County of Bedford. Ibid.

xxvi. An Act for further continuing, until the First Day of

August One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Powers granted by an Act of the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty, for enabling the Commissioners acting in execution of an Agreement made between the East India Company and the private Creditors of the Nabobs of the Carnatic, the better to carry the fame into effect. Ibid.

xxvii. An Act to alter and amend Two Acts of His present Majesty's Reign, for making further Provision for certain Officers of the High Court of Chancery. Ibid.

xxviii. An Act for establishing an Assay Office in the City of Glasgow. 1063

xxix. An Act for altering and amending an Act for making

and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Lothian Road near the City of Edinburgh, to join the Forth and Clyde Navigation near Falkirk, in the County of Stirling. 1069

xxx. An Act for improving the Lighthouse on the Isle of

Hnglefca> belonging to the Trustees of the Liverpool Docks, and for further amending the Acts relating to the Docks and Harbour of Liverpool. Ibid.

xxxi. An Act to enable the Commissioners for improving the

Harbour of Ne*w Shoreham, in the County of Sussex, to raise more Money for completing the said Harbour and the Works thereto belonging. Ibid.

xxxii. An Act for supplying with Water the Town of

Burnley, and a certain Part of the Township of Habergham Eaves, both in the Parish of Whalley> in the County Palatine of Lancaster. Ibid.

xxxiii. An Act to alter and amend an Act of the Fifty fourth

Yea* of His present Majesty, for erecting and maintaining a New Court House and other Offices for the City and County of Aberdeen, and for providing and maintaining an additional Gaol for the said City and County, and for other purposes relating thereto. Ibid.

xxxiv. An Act for paving, lighting, watching and improving the Town of Burnley, in the County Palatine of Lancaster. Ibid.

xxxv. An Act for building a new Church in the Parish of

Saint Lukey Chelsea> in the County of Middlesex, and for other purposes relating thereto. 1070

xxxvi. An Act for repairing and enlarging the Church of the Parish of Mitcham9 in the County of Surrey, and providing an additional Burial Ground thereto. Ibid.

xxxvii. An Act for defraying the Expences incurred in

taking down, rebuilding and enlarging the Chapel of Saint Hildiy in the Parish of Jarrow, in the County Palatine of Durham. Ibid.

xxxviii. An Act for building a Chapel of Ease in the Parish of Bo/lon, in the County of Lincoln. Ibid.

xxxix. An Act for estabuftiing a Select Vestry in the Parish of Saint Pancras, in the County of Middlesex, and for other purposes relating thereto. Ibid.

xl. An Act for lighting the City of Carli/le, and the Suburbs thereof, with Gas. Page 1070

xli. An Act for amending and keeping in Repair the Road from Kettering to the Town of Northampton, in the County of Northampton. Ibid.

xlii. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the City of Gloucester to the Town of Stroud, in the County of Gloucester. Ibid.

xliii. An Act for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of Three Acts of the Reign of His late and present Majesty, for amending several Roads therein mentioned, so far as relate to the Road from Wrexham in the County of Denbigh, to Pentre Bridge in the County of Flint; and for making a new Branch of Road from the said Road at a Place near Abermorddu to Moldy in the said County of Flint..Ibid.

xliv. An Act for repairing and improving the Trowbridge Roads in the Counties of Wilts and Somerset. Ibid.

xlv. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from Brickers Barn, in the Parish of Corfham, in the County of Wilts, to the Road leading from Kingsdown to Bath Ea/lon, in the County of Somerset. Ibid.

xlvi. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Evesham Bridge, in the County of Worcester, to Alcester, in the County of Warwick. Ibid.

xlvii. An Act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from Kilburn Bridgty in the County of Middlesex, to Sparrow*s Heme, in the County of Hertford. Ibid.

xlviii. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts of His late and present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from the Top of Harnbam Hilly near the City of New Sarum, through Blandford and Dorchejlery to AJkerwell Hill; and from Harnham Hill aforesaid, to a House called Master Baker's Farmhouse9 in the Counties of Wilts and Dorset. 1071

xlix. An Act for repairing the Road from Bromsgrove in the County of Worcester to Birmingham in the County of Warwick. Ibid.

1. An Act to continue the Term and alter and enlarge the Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Atcham to Condover and Dorringtony and other Roads in the said Act mentioned, in the County of Salop. Ibid.

li. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from Clitheroe to Whalley, and from thence to Blackburn and Mellor Brooky in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and for making a Branch of Road between Blackburn and Whalley. Ibid.

lii. An Act for continuing and amending an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads in the Counties of Somerset and Dorset, pamng through or near the Town of Teovil; and for repairing the Road from Mudford Bridge to Marston Elmt in the said County of Somerset. Ibid.

liii. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Three Acts, for repairing the Road from Dewsbury to Ealandy in the West Riding of the County of York. Ibid.

liv. An Act for reviving and continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from Stratford upon Avon to Edghill in the County of Warwick. Ibid.

lv. An Act for improving the Harbour of Bude9 in the County of Cornwall; and for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the said Harbour of Bude to or

near

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

near the Village of Thombury, in the County of Devon, and divers Branches therefrom, all in the said Counties of Cornwall and Devon, Page 1071

lvi. An Act for more effectually maintaining and amending the Road from Crofsford Bridge to the Town of Man-chefer, in the County Palatine of Lancaster. Ibid.

Ivii. An Act for more effectually making and maintaining certain Turnpike Roads in the County of Elgin; and for more effectually converting into Money the Statute Labour in the said County, for repairing the Highways and Bridges therein. Ibid.

lviii. An Act for more effectually making, amending and maintaining certain Roads and Bridges in the Counties of Durham and Berwick, and Liberties of Berwick upon Tweed; for repairing and maintaining certain other Roads therein mentioned 5 and for improving the Entrance to the Town of Berwick upon Tweed. Ibid.

lix. An Act for continuing, altering and enlarging the Terms and Powers of several Acts for making and maintaining certain Roads in the Counties of Lanark, Ayr and Renfrew y and building a Bridge over the River Clyde at Dalmarhocky and for making and maintaining a Road from the Confines of the County of Ayr towards Sanquhar, in the County of Dumfries. 1072

lx. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act of His present Majesty for repairing the Roads leading into the City of Hereford, and several Roads communicating therewith; for transferring the Road from Wormelow Tump to Hare wood, from the Madley to the Hereford District, and for making a new Road from the Tuft Woody in the Parish of Hentlandy to the Confines of the Parish of Ganerew, in the County of Hertford, as a Third Dill rid. Ibid.

lxi. An Act for raising further Sums of Money for building and supporting the Meath Hospital and County of Dublin

Infirmary. Ibid.

lxii. An Act for amending several Acts of His present Majesty, relating to the Coventry Canal Navigation. Ibid.

lxiii. An Act for repairing and altering, and taking down and rebuilding, certain Parts of the Parish Church of Saint John the Baptis, Peterborough, in the County of Northampton. Ibid.

lxiv. An Act to alter and amend the several Acts passed for making and maintaining the Lancaster Canal Navigation. Ibid.

lxv. An Act for taking down and rebuilding the Parish Church of Blackburny in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and for providing additional Burial Ground, and for equalling the Church Rates in the said Parish, and other purposes. Ibid.

lxvi. An Act for altering and amending the several Acts passed for making a Canal from the Grand Junction Canaly in the Parish of Paddington, to the River Thames, in the Parish of Limehouse, in the County of Middlesex. Ibid.

lxvii. An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act passed in the Forty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for fapplying the City and Suburbs of Glasgow with Water. Ibid.

lxviii. An Act for better supplying the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, with Gas. Ibid.

lxix. An Act for enabling the Governor and Guardians of the Poor of the City of Gloucester to light the said City with Gas, and to enter into the necessary Contracts for that Purpose. Ibid.

lxx. An Act to provide for the Election of Trustees of the Royal Exchange, Dublin. Ibid.

l*xi. An Act for paving, lighting, watching, cleansing, regulating and improving the Borough of Newcastle under Lyme. Page 1072

lxxii. An Act for altering and amending an Act of the Fifty first Year of His present Majesty, for paving, fighting and cleansing the City of Perth, and for maintaining Police and good Order within the said City. 1073

lxxiii. An Act for better paving, cleansing and fighting the Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields and Saint George Bloomsbury, in the County of Middlesex, and for veiling the foie Management thereof in the Vestrymen of the said Parishes, and a Committee of the Inhabitants thereof. Ibid.

lxxiv. An Act forpaving, lighting, cleansing and otherwise improving the Town of Saint Neots, in the County of Huntingdon. Ibid.

lxxv. An Act for paving and otherwise improving the Town of Romford, in the Liberty of Havering atte Bower, in the County of Essex. Ibid.

lxxvi. An Act for draining, preferring from Water, and improving certain low Lands and Grounds, lying in the several Parishes of Congresbury, Puxton, Winscombe, Banwell, Churchill, Kewjloke, Week Saint Lawrence, and Tatton, in the County of Somerset. Ibid.

lxxvii. An Act to amend and enlarge the Powers of an Act of His present Majesty for draining, inclosing and improving the Lands called Borough Fen Common, and the Four Hundred Acre Common, in the County of Northampton, and for forming the fame into a Parish, to be called Newborough, and for building and endowing a Church for such Parish. Ibid.

lxxviii. An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts of His present. Majesty, for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds lying in the South Level, Part of the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford Levely and in the County of Cambridge, between the River Cam otherwise Grant, West; and the Hardlands of Bot-tifham, Swaffham Bulbeck, and Swaffham Prior, East; and for other purposes therein mentioned. Ibid.

lxxix. An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of several Acts of His present Majesty, for improving the Drainage of the Middle and South Levels, Part of the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford Level, and other Lands therein mentioned; and for improving the Navigation of the River Ouze, in the County of Norfolk, and of the several Rivers communicating therewith. Ibid.

lxxx. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from Bradford to Wakefield, in the West* Riding of the County of York. Ibid.

lxxxi. An Act for making &nd maintaining a Turnpike Road to branch off from the Great North Road at the South End of Bamfdale through Pontefract, and from thence to a certain Place called Thwaite Gate, all in the West Riding of the County of York. Ibid.

lxxxii. An Act for continuing and amending Three Acts of His late and present Majesty for repairing several Roads leading from the Town of Kington, in the County of Hereford, and for repairing several other Roads in the said County, communicating with the Roads comprised in the said Acts. Ibid.

lxxxiii. An Act for making and maintaining a Road from Marlborough, to the present Turnpike Road at or near Coate, in the Parish of Liddington, in the County of Wilts. Ibid.

lxxxiv. An Act to continue and amend Three Acts for repairing the Roads from Fryer Bacon's Study to Chilton Pond, and from the Top of Hinksey Hill to Foxcombe Hill Gate> in the Road leading to Fdrringdon, in the County of Berks, so far as relates to the Oxford District of the said*Roads. Ibid.

XXXI

{Local & Personat) 59° GEO. III.

lxxxv. An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from Runcorn to Northwich, in the County Palatine of Chester. Page 1074

lxxxvi. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from Shrewsbury to Preffon Brockhurst, to Shaw-bury and to ShreyhiU, and other Roads in the County of Salop. ibid.

lxxxvii. An Act for making and maintaining a Road from the Tunffall and Bojley Turnpike Road at Gillow Hollow, in the rarish of Biddulph, in the County of Stafford, to Park Lane, communicating with the Congleton and Leek Turnpike Road, near Dane-in-shaw Bridge in the County of Chester, with a Branch to the said Tunstall and Bojley Turnpike Road at Lich Lane, in the said Parish of Bid-dulph. Ibid.

lxxxviii. An Act for repairing, widening, improving and maintaining in Repair the several Roads leading to and from the Town of Bridport, and for making a new Line of Road to communicate with the fame. Ibid.

lxxxix. An Act for repairing and improving several Roads leading to and from the Town of Bradford, in the County of Wtus; and for maintaining a Bridge over the River Avon, at Stokeford, in the said County. Ibid.

xc. An Act for altering and amending Two Acts passed in the Fifty sixth and Fifty eighth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for improving the Road from the City of Glasgow to the City of CarTtJle. Ibid.

xci. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Huddersfield to Penistone, in the County of York. % Ibid.'

xdi. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts relating to the Road from the Town of Leeds, through Harewood, to the South West Comer of the Inclosures of Harrogate, in the West Riding of the County of York. Ibid.

xciii. An Act to continue the Term and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing the Road from Rochdale Lane End, in the Village of Hey-wood, to a Place called the LantPs End in Prestwich, in the County Palatine of Lancaster. Ibid.

xciv. An Act for amending the Road from Tadeffler to Halt on Dyal, in the West Riding of the County of York.

io75

xcv. An Act for repairing, widening and improving the several Roads round the City of Bristol, and for making certain new Lines of Road to communicate with the fame. Ibid.

xcvi. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Three Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads in the Counties of Worcester, Stafford and Salop, so far as relate to the Road leading from Pedmore to Holly Hall,

and other Roads therein mentioned; and for repairing another Road in the said Counties of Stafford and Salop, or one of them. Ibid.

xcvii. An Act for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of Three Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Town of Tenterden to the Town of Ashford, in the County of Kent; and for making a new Branch of Road therefrom, to communicate with the Town of jBidden den, in the said County. Ibid.

xcviii. An Act for further continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Seventeenth Year and Thirty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing and widening several Roads leading to, through and from the Towns of Bali4 and Dolgelly, in the County of Merioneth, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Montgomery, Denbigh and Salop; and for rc-59 Geo. III.

pairing several other Roads in the Counties of Merioneth and Denbigh. Page 1075

xcix. An Act for continuing and amending Three Acts of His late and present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Brown's Lane in Great Stoughton, in the County of Huntingdon, to the Way Poll near Wellingborough Bridge, in the County of Northampton, and from the Pound in the Kim-bolton, to the Way Post near Brington Bridge, in the said County of Northampton. Ibid.

c. An Act to continue the Term and enlarge the Powers of several Acts of His late and present Majesty's Reign, for repairing the Road from the North East Comer of Nuffield Common, by the Parish Church of Nuffield, in the County of Oxford, through Wallingford to Wantage, and from thence to Faringaon in the County of Berks. Ibid.

ci. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Seventeenth and Thirty sixth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Bedford to Woburn, and also the Road branching out of the lame in Kempston Field, in the County of Bedford. Ibid.

cii. An Act for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of an Act of His present MajestyV Reign, for amending the Road leading from Paddington to Harrow on the Hill, in the County of Middlesex. Ibid.

ciii. An Act to alter ana amend an Act passed in the Fifty fifth Year of His present Majesty, for improving the Harbour of Dundee, in the County of Forfar. t. Ibid.

civ. An Act for giving further Powers to the Company of Proprietors of the Portsmouth and Arundel Navigation, and to the Company of Proprietors of the Wey and A run Junction Canal, and to confirm an Agreement entered into between the said Companies. 1076

cv. An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Canal Navigation from Leeds to Liverpool, to make a Navigable Cut, and also a Collateral Branch or Railway, from their said Canal at Hennis Bridge near Wigan, to join the Duke of Bridgewater' % Canal at Leigh, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and to amend the several Acts relating to the said Leeds and Liverpool Canal, and an Act for making the Rochdale Canal, so far as relates to certain Powers therein given to the late Duke of Bridgewater. Ibid.

cvi. An Act to explain and amend an Act of the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty, for repealing an Act of the Twenty fifth Year of His present Majesty, for the Improvement of the River Wear, and Port and Haven of Sunderland, in the County Palatine of Durham; and for the more effectual Preservation and further Improvement of the fame River, Port and Haven. Ibid.

cvii. An Act to establish a Company for lighting the Borough of Newcastle under Lyme with Gas. Ibid.

cviii. An Act to repeal Part of an Act made in the Fifty first Year of His present Majesty, for paving, cleansing, lighting and watching the Streets, and otherwise regulating the Police of the Town of Dumfries. Ibid.

cix. An Act for more effectually improving and repairing the Road leading from the City of Dublin, to Navan, in the County of Meath. Ibid.

cx. An Act for making and maintaining certain Turnpike Roads within the County of Dumfries, and the other Highways, Bridges and Ferries therein; $nd for more effectually converting into Money the Statute Labour in the said County. Ibid.

cxi. An Act to vary and alter certain Acts of His present Majesty, relating to the Grand Junction Canal, the Grand Junction Water Works, and the Regent's Canal, in order to effect an Exchange of Water, for the better Supply of

f the

xxxii: The TITLES of the Regent's Canal Navigation and Grand Junction Water Works. Page 1076

cxii. An Act for amending an Act of His present Majesty, respecting the Application of certain Surplus Monies paid for measuring, searching and sealing Woollen Cloth, in the West Riding of the County of York. Ibid.

cxiii. An Act for erecting, improving, regulating and maintaining Ferries and Passages across the River Thy, in the Counties of Fife and Forfar. Ibid.

cxiv. An Act for repairing and improving, or rebuilding the Church at Barn/ley9 in the West Riding of the County of York, and for improving and enlarging the Church Yard and Burial Grounds thereof. Ibid.

cxv. An Act for making and maintaining a Railway or Tram-road from Crabtree^ in the Parish of Egg Bucklandy in the County of Devon, to communicate with the Prison of War bn the Forest of Dartmoor, in the Parish of Lydford, in the said County. Ibid.

cxvi. An Act for more effectually supplying the City of Edinburgh and Places adjacent with Water. 1077

cxvii. An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Cranftonhill Water Works to improve their Works. Ibid.

cxviii. An Act for paving, cleaning, lighting and watching the Town of Harwich, in the County of Essex, and supplying the fame with Water. Ibid.

cxix. An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of several Acts of His present Majesty, for amending and rendering more effectual several Acts for paving, cleansing and lighting the Squares, Streets, Lanes and other Places in the City and Liberties of Westminsteri and Parts adjacent; and for putting certain Streets therein mentioned, commonly called Optional Streets, under the Management of Parochial Committees, subject to the Controul of Commissioners; and for other Purposes, as far as the same relate to a Street and Passage, called Holborn and Middle Row, in the Parish of Saint Andrew Holborn above the Bars, in the County of Middlesex. Ibid.

cxx. An Act for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, watering, planting ana otherwise improving Edwardes Square, EatVs Terracey Leonard Place, Edwardes Place, Kensington Place Easty and Kenftngton Place Westy in the Pa-

the STATUTES,

rish of Saint Mary Abbott's, Kensington, in the County of Middlesex. Page 1077

cxxi. An Act to repeal so ifiujch of an Act of the Fortieth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing certain Roads in the County of Monmouth, as relates to the Pont Pool and Ujk Districts of Road, and fqr granting other Powers in lieu thereof, and for making a new Branch of Road from the said Ujk District.'Ibid.

cxxii. An Act to continue the Term and alter and enlarge the Powers of an Act of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing the Road from the Guide Post in the Village of Adderbury, in the County of Oxford, through Kidlington, to the End of the Mileway in the City of Oxford. Ibid.

cxxiii. An Act for making and maintaining several Roads in the Counties of Roxburgh and Selkirk. Ibid.

cxxiv. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the Thirty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads leading from the Town of Tewkesbury in the County of Glouccflcry and other Roads therein mentioned, so far as such Ad relates to the Road from Stump Cross in the Parish of Didbrooh, to Stow on the Woldy in the County of Gloucester. Ibid.

cxxv. An Act for authorising the Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy to establish a Market at the Town of Pembroke Docky in the County of Pembroke, and to make Regulations for the paving, lighting, cleansing and good Order of the said Town. Ibid.

cxxvi. An Act to rebuild Windfcr Bridge, in the Borough of New Windfory in the County of Berks; and to improve the Avenues thereto. Ibid.

cxxvii. An Act to alter and amend an Act made in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of Hfs present Majesty, intituled An Act to repeal the Acts now in force relating to Bread to be sold in the City of London, and the Liberties thereof \ and within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and Ten Miles of the Royal Exchange; and to prevent the Adulteration of Mealy Flour and Bready and to regulate the Weights of Bread within the same Limits. 1078

cxxviii. An Act for amending and keeping in repair the Mail Coach Road leading from Banbridge in the County of Downy to Belfast in the County of Antrim. Ibid.

PRIVATE ACTS,

PRINTED BY THE KING'S PRINTER,

AND WHEREOF THE PRINTED COPIES MAY BE GIVEN IN EVIDENCE.

1. AN Act for inclosing certain Lands in the Parish of IjL Bitton, in the County of Gloucester. Page 1079

2. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Kdton and

Arlecdony in the Parishes of Lamplugh and Arlecdony in the County of Cumberland. % Ibid.

3. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Clane and

Manbeimy in the County of Kildare. Ibid.

4. An Act for facilitating Partition of the E Hates of Char-

lotte Myddelton Biddulph Widow, the Honourable Frederick West and Maria his Wife, and Harriet Myddelton Spin Her, whereof Partition has been decreed to be made by His Majesty's High Court of Chancery. Ibid.

f. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Tithing of Rodborncy in the Parish of Saint Pauly Malmsbury, in the County of Wilts. Ibid.

6. An Act to enable the Curate and Patron of the Curacy of the Parochial Chapel of the Chapelry of Burnley, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, for the time being, to grant Leases of the Glebe Lands belonging to the said Curacy.

Page 1079

7. An Act for vesting a Moiety of a yearly Rent of Four

hundred Pounds, discharged from certain Entails created therein, in Trustees, for Georgiana Amelia Countess de Dur-forty in trull for Sale. Ibid.

8. An Act for vesting certain Estates devised by the Will

and Codicil of Mary Spencer Widow, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold for the Purposes therein mentioned. Ibid.

9. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Barnbrough,

in the West Riding of the County of York. Ibid.

10. An

(, )

I o. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Parish. of East Drayton, in the County of Nottingham. Fage 1080

11. An Act to amend an Act for inclosing Lands in the.Manor of Beddington, in the Manor of Bandon, in the County of Surrey; and to determine the Boundary of the Parish of Beddington, and the adjoining Parish, upon a certain Common called Mitcham Common, Part whereof is intended to be inclosed under the said Act. Ibid.

12. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Parishes of Mar-tock and Muchelsey, in the County of Somerset. Ibid.

13. An Act for allotting Lands in the Parish of Durrington,

and in the Tithing of Knighton, in the Parish of Figheldean, in the County of Wilts. Ibid.

14. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of East Rud-

bam. Well Rainham, and Helboughton, in the County of Norfolk.

15. An Act for inclosing Farington Moss, and other Commons and Waste Grounds within the Manor and Township of Farington, in the Parish of Penwortham, in the County Palatine of Lancaster. Ibid.

*6. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Penifton, in the West Riding of the County of 7*ori, and for the Commutation of Tithes within the same Township. Ibid.

17. An Act for inclosing and leafing or letting certain Commons or Parcels of Waste Ground, called Oker Hill and Gross Green, within the Township of Wenjley and Snitterton, in the Parish of Darley, in the County of Derby; and for applying the Rents and Profits thereof in aid of the Poors Rate of the said Township. Ibid.

18. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Parish of Tellings

in the County of Huntingdon, and for making a Compensation for the Tithes. Ibid.

19. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Stanton

Lacy and Bromfield, in the County of Salop. Ibid.

20. An Act to authorise the Sale of Lands settled for the

perpetual Augmentation of the Curacy of Morton, in the County of Sqlop. Ibid.

21. An Act for enabling the Keepers and Governors of the

Possessions, Revenues and Goods of the Free Grammar School of John Lyon, within the Town of Harrow on the HiU, in the County of Middlesex, to grant Building Leases of certain of the Grounds and Estates heretofore of the said John Lyon. 1081

22. An Act to enable the Dean and Chapter of Hereford to rebuild the Almshouses of Saint Catherine's Hospital, in the Borough of Ledbury, in the County of Hereford; and for the better Regulation of the Affairs of that Charity. Ibid.

2j. An Act to enable the Dean and Chapter of Hereford to discharge certain Debts incurred in repairing the Cathedral Church of Hereford. Ibid.

24. An Act for empowering Trustees to fell certain Freehold and Copyhold Estates, devised by the Will of John proadhurst Esquire, and to lay out the Purchase Money arising from the Sale thereof in the Purchase of other Estates to be settled in lieu thereof, and to the same Uses. Ibid.

i$. An Act for effecting an Exchange of certain Estates in the County of Worcester, in part devised by the Will of Arthur Charlett Esquire, and in part purchased under the Directions thereof, for certain other Estates in the Counties of Worcester and Hereford, belonging to James Wake-man Newport Esquire. Ibid.

26. An Act for enabling William Archer Dixon, and other the Guardian or Guardians for the time being of Thomas Fenton, an Infant, to grant Building Leases of One Moiety

59° GEO. III. xxxiii

of certain Freehold Lands called Spice Island, in the Parish of Saint George, in the County of Middlesex. Page 1081

27. An Act for vesting certain Parts of the Lands and Ba-

rony of Gorthy, comprised in a Deed of Eptail made by the Trustees of David Stewart Moncreijfe Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to sell the same, and apply the Purchase Money arising by such Sale in the Payment of the Land Tax due out of the said Estate, and certain other Entailed Estates descendible to the Heirs taking under the said Deed; for purchasing and entailing other Lands more conveniently situated; and for granting Power to feu certain Parts of the said Entailed Estates. IHd.

28. An Act to confirm the Title of the Most Noble William

Spencer Duke of Devonshire, to the Manors of Brindle and Injkip, and Estates in Brindle, Injkip and Eccleston, in the County of Lancaster. Ibid.

29. An Act for inclosing Lands in Winton cum Barmfton and

Barmston, in the Parish of Barmfton, in the East Riding of the County of York. Ibid.

30. An Act for inclosing, and exonerating from Tithes, Lands

in the Manor and Parish of Thornton in Craven, in the County of York. Ibid.

31. An Act for inclosing Aldington Freight, otherwise Al-

dington Frith, in the Parish of Aldington, in the County of Kent. Ibid.

32. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Ingham, in

the County of Norfolk. 1082

33. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Harlington,

in the County of Middlesex. Ibid.

34. An Act for vesting certain Estates in the Counties of Wilts, Warwick, Gloucester, Worcester and Durham, devised by the Will of Thomas Edwards Freeman Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold; and for laying out the Money arising from such Sale, in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled, in lieu thereof, to the same Uses. Ibid.

35. An Act for confirming and establishing Leases and Contracts for Leases mad? by the Trustees and Executors of the Will of Thomas Holloway Esquire, deceased, of certain Parts of his Freehold, Copyhold and Leasehold Estates and Property; and for enabling them to make Leases and Contrails for Leases of other Parts of the fame Estates and Property, in manner therein mentioned. Ibid.

36. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of West Walton, in the County of Norfolk. Ibid.

37. An Act for incorporating the Trustees of the Charities

of Joseph Evans, late of Belevan, in the County of Kilkenny, Esquire, deceased, and for vesting in the said Trustees so incorporated, Real and Personal Estates of the said Joseph Evans, for the Support of the said Charities. Ibid.

38. An Act for vesting the Settled Estates of Lancelot Rol-

leston Esquire, in Hucknall Torkard, in the County of Nottingham, in Trustees, to be sold, for paying off Incumbrances, and for purchasing other Estates with the Residue of the Purchfcfe Monies, to be settled to the same Uses. Ibid.

39. An Act to empower the Committees of Thomas Smyth

Esquire, a Lunatic, to grant Leases of Estates vested in him as Tenant in Tail Male; and for confirming certain Leases already granted by them. Ibid.

40. An Act to enable the Committees of the Estate of Tho-

mas Symth Esquire to sign Consents to Leases of Parts, of the Glebe "belonging to the Vicarage of the Church of Camberwell, and for vetting Part of the Glebe in Trustees for Sale, for the Purposes therein mentioned. Ibid.

41. An i\d for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Norton in

Hales, in the County of Salop. /bid.

f 2 42. An

xxxiv The TITLES of the STATUTES,

42. An Act for vesting the Estates devised by the Will of

Hannah Pownall Widow, deceased, situate in the County of York, in Trustees, for Sale; and for investing the Purchase Money'in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the former Uses. Page 1082

43. An Act for vesting in Fee-simple in the Right Honour-

able George Earl of Aberdeen, or the Heir of Entail in Possession, certain Parts of the entailed Lands and Barony of Fedderat, in the County of Aberdeen, upon entailing certain other Lands in the County of Aberdeen, equivalent in Value thereto. Ibid.

44. An Act for vesting the Manor of Oram, and certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, in the County of Sussex, Part of the Settled Estates by the Will of Samuel Bunt Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, io be sold, and for vetting the Money arising from such Sale in the Purchase of other Estates, to b^ settled to the same Uses.

1083

45. An Act for assisting the rebuilding of Lotidon House,

belonging to the See of London. Fage 1083

46. An Act for vesting certain Estates, devised by the Wifi

of Joseph Fayrer, and now held in undivided Snares, in a Trustee, to be sold 5 and for investing the Purchase Monies of the Shares of such of the Parties interested as are Infants, in the Purchase of other Estates, to be conveyed to them, according to their respective Rights and Interests, in lieu of such Shares. 1085

47. An Act to empower the Trustees of the Will of the late

Peter Bernard, Surgeon, to grant Building Leases of Land devised by his said Will, situated in the Town and County of Southampton. Ibid.

48. An Act for amending and enlarging the Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for better regulating the Charity of John Shaftoe of Nether Warden, in the County of Northumberland. Ibid.

49. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Alvingham,

in the County of Lincoln. Ibid.

PRIVATE ACTS,

NOT PRINTED.

50. AN Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Chidham

and Westbourne, in the County of Sussex, and in the Parish of Warblington, in the County of Southampton.

[Proviso for Tithes.']

51. An Act to authorise the Cutting and Sale of a limited Quantity of Timber off the Estates of The Right Honourable John, late Lord Sel fey, situated in the County of Sussex, for Payment of his Debts, and for imposing certain restrictions on the cutting of Timber off the fame Estates in future Years.

52. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Rawridge, and Parish of Upottery, in the County of Devon.

53. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Firjby in the County of Lincoln

\Rc80Ps Allotment ringfenced.]

54. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing certain Lands within the Parish of Sydling Saint Nicholas otherwise Broad Sydling, and Upfydling, in the County of Dorset.

55. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Alvechurch, in the County of Worcester.

56. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Tithings of Hayden, Hayden Wick, and More den, in the Parish of Rodborne Cheney, in the County of Wilts.

57. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Leajtngham, in the County of Lincoln.

58. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Over Whitacre, in the County of Warwick.

[ Allotment to perpetual Curate in lieu of Great Tithes, and for Glebe. Exoneration from Great Tithes. Power of lecjing to perpetual Citrate, with Consent of Bishop and P&tron. Proviso for Modules.]

59. An Act for indexing Lands in the Parish of Selfey, in the County of Sussex.

60. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Cumberworth, in the County of Lincoln.

[Allotment to Re8or for Glebe and Common Right. A I- lotment for great and small Tithes. Allotment, and " Money Payments in lieu of all Tithes. Glebe and Tithe

Allotments fenced. Tithes payable till Allotments made. Power to ReQor to lease Allotment.]

61. An Act for inclosing Lands, within the Manors of Great Broughton and Little Broughton, in the Parish of Bridekirk, in the County of Cumberland.

[.Allotment to George Whittaker in Tien of Tithes of Corn, &c. Allotment to Vicar of Bridekirk, in lieu of Vicarial Tithes. Powers of leafing and building to Vicar of Bridekirk.]

62. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Township of Greyfouthen, in the Manor of Five Towns with Eaglesfield, and in the Parish of Brigham, in the County of Cumberland.

[.Allotments for Tithes of Ancient Inclosures and Commons.]

63. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Trelawny with Caroline his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

64. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Richard Halford the Younger, Banker, with Sarah Tournay Halford his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes.

65. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of William Prockter Thomas, Clerk, with Arabella Maria his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

66. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John CTitherow Esquire, Captain in His Majesty's Third Regiment of Guards, and a Lieutenant Colonel in the Army, with

Sarah Clitherow, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again $ and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

67. An Act for vesting the Lands and Hereditaments eom-prised in the Deeds of Entail made by Sir Andrew Ramsay of Abbotshall, and George Muirhead Writer in Edinburgh, lying.in the Parish of Whittingham, and Constabulary or Sheriffdom of Haddington, and now by virtue of the said Entails in the Possession of Robert Walter Lord Blantyre in Trustees, in trust to sell the same, and invest the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments to be settled and secured to the fame Series

of

XXXV

(Private, not printed, ) 59° GEO. III.

of Heirs, and under the fame Conditions and Limitations, as are contained in the said Deeds of Entail; and for Payment to the said Robert Walter Lord Blantyre of what he has advanced for Redemption of the Land Tax of his entailed Estates.

68. An Act for vesting in Edward Parkins Esquire, and his Heirs, a certain Messuage, Lands and Hereditaments in Rifden, otherwise Rijhden, otherwise Rujbden, in the County of Hertford, discharged from the Uses limited by the Will of Edward Sparhauke Esquire, deceased, and by the Marriage Settlement of the said Edward Parkins; and for substituting and settling another Messuage, Lands and Hereditaments, in Hertfordshire, in lieu thereof, and to the like Uses.

69. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Manor and Township of Bolton, in the Parish of Calverley, in the West Riding of the County of York.

[Power to Vicar to lease Allotment. Plan of the King's Allotment to be sent to the Clerk of the Duchy of Lancaster.']

70. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Parish of Hoveton Saint John, in the County of Norfolk.

71. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Oakley in the County of Buckingham.

[Allotment to Impropriator and Vicar of Oakley in lieu of Tithe of Common. Allotment to Vicar in Ueu of Right of Common. Vicar vacating his Benefice, Composition and Corn Rent paid to time of Avoidance. Allotments, Com-pojitions and Com Rents to be in lieu of Tithes.]

72. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Alderton otherwise Aidring ton, in the County of Northampton, and for extinguishing the Tithes thereof.

[Allotment for Glebe. Allotment to Re dor in lieu of Tithes. Certain Proprietors of old Inclosures to pay a Sum to exonerate them from Tithes. Allotments to be in lieu of Tithes. Reservation of Tithes for which no Compensation given. Power to Red or with Consent of Btjhop and

Patron to lease Allotments. Tithes payable till Award made. Rector exonerated from keeping a Bull or a Boar. Rector may borrow Money for eredrng Buildings.]

73. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Parish of Pau-lerfpury, with the Hamlet of fleathencote in the same Parish, in the County of Northampton.

[Allotment to Rector for Glebe, to be fenced. Rector may ered Buildings ana borrow Money for the fame, and grant Leases. Vicars of Towcester and Potterfpury may borrow Money to defray Expences of Ad and for building, and grant Leases. Proviso for Tithes.]

74. An Act for inclosing Lands in Martindale, in the Parish of Barton, in the County of Weffmorland.

75. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Parish of Solihull in the County of Warwick.

76. An Act for allotting Lands in the Parish or Liberty of Shotover, in the County of Oxford.

[Allotment in lieu of Tithes.]

77. An Act for regulating the Appropriation of the Revenues of certain Trull Estates, given by Walter Stanley for pious Purposes 5 for effectuating in a more extensive and beneficial Manner the general Objects of the Trull; and making a Provision for, and regulating the Appointment of, a Miniller of a new Church intended to be built at West Bromwich, in the County of Stafford.

78. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John William Dunn Esquire, with Eliza Pafps Dunn his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

79. An Act for effectuating an Exchange between the Lord Bishop of Norwich, and William Afsheton Lord Suffield, of the Moieties of certain Advowsons in the Countie? of Norfolk and Suffolk.

80. An Act for appointing new Trustees for carrying into Execution the Trulls ana Powers contained in the Will of the late Sir Henry Enflefield, Baronet.

THE

STATUTES at Large, &c.

Anno Regni GEORGII III. Britanniarum Regis, Quinquagesimo Septimo.

AT the Parliament begun and holden at Westminster, the Twenty fourth Day of November, Anno

Demini 1812, in the Fifty third Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the'

Third, by the Grace of God, of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith 5 And from thence continued, by several Prorogations, to the Twenty eighth Day of

January 1817, being the Fifth Session of the Fifth Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland

CAP. I.

An Act to continue and extend the Proyifione of an Act of the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty, for regulating the Trade and Commerce to and from The Cape of Good Hopey until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty; and also for regulating the Trade of the Island of Mauritius.

[24th February 1817.]

WHEREAS the Law herein after mentioned is near expiring, and fit to be continued for a limited Period

Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Cpnient of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That an Act made in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to authorise His Majesty, during the present War9 to male Regulations respecting the Trade and Commerce to and from The Cape of Good Hope; which was revived and continued from the Expiration thereof, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, by two Acts of the Fifty fourth and Fifty sixth Years of His present Majesty, shall be and the fame is hereby further continued for the Term herein after mentioned*

II. And Whereas it9expedient, under the present Circumstances, that the Trade and Commerce to and from all Islands, Colonies or Places, and the Territories and Dependencies thereof, to His Majesty belonging or in His Possession, in Africa or Afa to the Eastward of the Caps of Good Hope, excepting only the roE 4 sessions of the East India Company, should also be regulated for a certain time in such manner as shall Jfeem proper to His M^efty, by and with the Advice of His Privy Council, notwithstanding the special Provisions of any Act or Acts of Parliament that may be construed to affect the lameBe U therefore enacted, That from and after the xoffing of this Act, it shall and may he lawful for His Majesty, by and with the Advice of His Privy Council, by any Order or Orders to be issued from time to time, to give such Directions and make such Regulations touching the Trade and Commerce to and from the feud Islands, Colonies of Places, and the Territories and Dependencies thereof, as to His Majesty in Council shall appear most expedient and salutary; any Thing contained in an Act passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled An Act for the encouraging and increasing of Shipping and Navigation, or in an Act passed in the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of His Majesty King William the Third, intituled An Act for preventing Frauds and regulating Abuses in the Plantation Trade, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament now in force relating to His Majesty's Colonies and Plantations, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament, Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, That if any Goods, Wares or Merchandize whatever fhsdl be imported into or exported from any of the said Islands, Colonies or Places, or the Territories and Dependencies thereof, or shall be exported from any Part of His Majesty's Dominions to any of the said Islands, Colonies or Places, or the Territories and Dependencies thereof, or if any Goods, Wares or Merchandize shall be so imported or exported in any manner whatever contrary to any such Order or Orders of His Majesty in Council, the same shall be forfeited, together with the Ship or Vessel in which such Goods, Wares or Merchandize shall respectridy be imported or exported, with all her Guu % Ammunition, Furniture, Tackle and Apparel; and J7 Geo. III. B every

49 Gu 3. C. 17. continued.

Trade to the Eastward of the Cape of Good Hope, to he regulated by Order m Council

xa C. a. c. 18.

7 & 8 W. 3. c. a*.

Goods imported or exported contrary to Order in Council forfeited, as also the Vessels*

2

Proviso for East India Company.

Continuance of

Act.

Persons imprisoned for High Treason, See. may be detained till July 1, 1817, and shall not be bailed or tried without an Order from the Privy Council

Ad in Scotland of 1701, so far as relates to Treason, suspended.

Persons committed there not to be tried, Ate. without such Order as aforesaid.

Proviso for Persons committed after July z, 1817.

Proviso for Privileges of Members of either House of Parliament.

Proviso for Persons against whom Indictments for High Treason already found.

C. 1, 2, 3. 57° GEORGII III. A.D. 1817.

every such Forfeiture*shall and may be sued for, prosecuted and recovered by such and the like Way, Means and Methods as any Forfeiture incurred by any Law respecting the Revenue of Customs may be sued for, prosecuted and recovered ip Places where respectively the Offences shall be committed; and the Produce thereof shall be disposed of, paid and applied in like manner in the said Places respectively; any Law, Customor Usage to the contrary in anywise not with flan ding: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall in any manner be construed to infringe the Rights, Privileges, and Advantages belonging to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East India as now by Law established.

IV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue in force until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty.

CAP. II.

An Act for raising the Sum of Twenty four Millions, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the

Year One thousand eight hundred and seventeen.

[24th February 1817.]

44 TREASURY may raise 24, 000, 0001. by Exchequer Bills, in manner prescribed by 48 G. 3. c.i.* — tf 1. 44 The Clauses, &c. in recited Act extended to this Act. §2. Treasury to apply the Money raised. $3.«Exchequer Bills payable out of the Supplies for next Session. $4. Interest 3^d. per Cent, per Diem. §5. 44 Exchequer Bills current at the Exchequer after April 5* 1818. — $6. Bank of England may advance 44 ic, oooo, ooool. on Credit of Act, notwithstanding the 5 & 6 W. & M. — $ 7. Act altered, amended or repealed M this Session. J8.

CAP. III.

An Act to empower His Majesty to secure and detain such Persons as His Majesty shall suspect are

conspiring against His Person and Government.

[4th March 1817.]

WHEREAS a traiterous Conspiracy has been formed for the Purpose of overthrowing by means of a

general Insurrection, the established Government, Laws and Constitution of this Kingdom: And Whereas Deiigns and Practices of a treasonable and highly dangerous Nature are now carrying on in the Metropolis, and in many other Parts of Great Britain Therefore, for the better Preservation of His Majesty's sacred Person, and the sacred Person of His Royal Higness The Prince Regent, and for Securing the Peace and Laws and Liberties of this Kingdom, be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all or any Person or Persons that are or shall be in Prison within that Part of the United Kingdom, called Great Britain, at or upon the Day on which this Act shall receive His Majesty's Royal Assent, or after, by Warrant of His said Majesty's Most Honourable Privy Council, signed by Six of the said Privy Council, for High Treason, Suspicion of High Treason, or Treasonable Practices, or by Warrant signed by any of His Majesty's Secretaries ef State, for such Causes as aforesaid, may be detained in safe Custody, without Bail or Main prize, until the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and seventeen; and that no Judge or Justice of the Peace shall bail or try any such Person or Persons so committed, without Order from His said Majesty's Privy Council, signed by Six of the said Privy Council, until the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and seventeen; any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Act made in Scotland in the Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and one, intituled An Act for preventing wrongous Imprisonment, and against undue Delays in Trials, in so far as the fame may be construed to relate to the Cases of Treason and Suspicion of Treason, with respect to Persons so committed as aforesaid, be suspended until the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and seventeen; and that until the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and seventeen no Judge, Justice of Peace or other Officer of the Law in Seotfandy shall liberate, try or admit to Bail any Person or Persons that is, are or shall be in Prison within Scotland, under a Warrant or Warrants so signed as aforesaid, for such Causes as aforesaid, without Order from His said Majesty's Privy Council, signed by Six of the said Privy Council.

III. Provided always, That from and after the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and ^kventeen, the said Persons so committed shall have the Benefit and Advantage of all Laws and Statutes in any way relating to or providing for the Liberty of the Subjects of this Realm.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act shall be construed to extend to invalidate the ancient Rights and Privileges of Parliament, or to the Imprisonment or Detaining of any Member of either House of Parliament during the Sitting of such Parliament until the Matter of which he (lands suspected be first communicated to the House of which he is a Member, and the Consent of the said House obtained for his Commitment or Detaining.

V. Provided nevertheless, That any Person or Persons in Prison at the time of passing this Act, against whom any Bill or Bills of Indictment for High Treason have been already found, shall and may be tried on the said Indictment as if this Act had never passed.

VI. And Whereas divers Persons are now in Custody on Charges of High Treason and Suspicion of High Treason, under Warrants from One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, or from His Majesty's Privy Council, and it may be highly important that such Ipersonsas have been or shall be secured and detained on such Charges under and by virtue of such Warrant or Warrants should be kept wholly separate and apart from

A.D. 1817. 57° GEORGII III. C. 3, 4, 5.

from each other, so as to prevent all Communication between them and with other Persons, except such Commimication as His Majesty may think fit to permit, and under such Restrictions as may be advisable, and«Doubts may arise how far the Powers of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State to change the Places of Confinement of Persons so committed extend; and it is expedient to* provide that the same shall not be so

exercised as to deprive the Persons so committed of any Right to be tried or discharged which they might

respectively have had if their respective Places of Confinement had not been changed Now, to obviate all Doubts and Difficulties in respect thereof, be it further enacted and declared, That it shall be lawful for One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, as he shall see Occasion, to order any Person committed to any Gaol or other Prison on any Charge of High Treason, Suspicion of High Treason, or Treasonable Practices, either before or after Indidme^it found, to be conveyed to and detained in any other Gaol or other Prison, until discharged by due Course of Law, and to issue all Warrants necessary for such Purposes: Provided always nevertheless, that no Person who shall be removed by any such Warrant as aforesaid, shall be by means of such Removal deprived of such Right to be tried or discharged, as such Person would by LaW have been entitled to if not so removed; and in every Case in which any such Person would have been entitled to have been tried or discharged if such Person had continued in the Gaol or Prison to which such Person was before committed, it shall be lawful for such Person to apply to be bailed or discharged in the same Manner as such Person might have done if such Person had remained in the Gaol or Prison to which such Person was before committed as aforesaid.

VII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue in force until the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and seventeen.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, varied or repealed by any Act or Acts to be made in this present Session of Parliament.

CAP. IV.

An Act to extend the Privileges of the Trade of Malta to the Port of Gibraltar.

[4th March 1817.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to extend to the Port of Gibraltar all the Privileges which were granted

to the Trade of Malta by an Act passed in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

intituled An Act to regulate the Trade between Malta and its Dependencies and His Majesty's Colonies and < Plantations in America 5 and also between Malta and the United Kingdom; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act the Trade between Gibraltar and His Majesty's Colonies and Plantations in America, and also between Gibraltar and the United Kingdom, shall and may be carried on in like manner and under the like Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, and subject to the like Penalties and Forfeitures, as are provided by the said recited Act with respect to Malta and His Majesty's Colonies and Plantations in America, and also between Malta and the United Kingdom, as if the fame were particularly and expressly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act; any Thing in any Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. V.

An Act for continuing to His Majesty certain Duties on Malt, Sugar, Tobacco and Snuff in Great Britain; and on Pensions, Offices and Personal Estates, in England; and for receiving the Contributions of Persons receiving Pensions and holding Offices; for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and seventeen.'[4th March 1817.]

[This Act is the fame, as 5 6 G. 3. c. 3. except as to Dates, and as to the Sections that are here retained.]

XXXVIII. And Whereas His Royal Highness The Prince Regent has been graciously pleased to direct

certain Sums to be contributed and paid, from the Civil List Revenue, in aid of the Public Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and seventeen: And Whereas many Persons holding Offices and Places in

His Majesty's Service, and others having or holding Pensions or other Emoluments derived from the Public, 1 are desirous of contributing Proportions of their respective Official Incomes, Salaries, Pensions or other

Emoluments, for the fame Purpose Be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or any Three or more of them, or for the Lord High Treasurer of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for the time being, to give such Directions, for One Year, commencing the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, to the Officers of the Exchequer, and of the several Departments of the Civil List of Great Britain respectively, as may be necessary for giving EfFed to the most Gracious Intention of His Royal Highness in such Contribution, and for. executing the Intentions of such other Persons as aforesaid; and no Deaudion shall be made, or Fee, Emolument, or Allowance taken, by any Person retaining, receiving, or paying any such Contributions as aforesaid.

XL. And Whereas by the said Act passed in the Thirty cighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

intituled An Act for making perpetual, subject to Redemption and Purchase in the manner therein stated, the several Sums of Monty now charged in Great Britain, as a Land Tax for One Tear from the Twenty-fifth Day

of March One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, it was enacted, that the several Duties imposed on 1 Sugar by Three Acts of the Twenty seventh, Thirty fourth, and Thirty seventh Years of the Reign of his


3

Secretary of State may order Person* committed for High Treason, See. to be removed to any other Gaol. Persons so removed. not to be deprived of Right to be tried or discharged.

Continuance of

aa.

Alt altered, fcc. this Session.

S$ G. 3. c. 9.

The Trade of Gibraltar to be carried on as the Trade of Malta under recited Act.

Empowering the Lords of the Treasury toes-£e& His Royal Highness The Prince Regent's and other Persons' Intentions, towards the Public Service.

4

The Duties on Sugar, Malt and Tobacco, further continued.

Monies paid into the Exchequer under this Act to be entered separate from other Payments.

Exchequer Bills to he charged upon the Rates and Duties granted by this Act.

Surplus Monies to be carried to Consolidated Fund.

36 G. 3. c. 7.

«1.

C. 5, 6.. 57° GEORGII III. A.D. 1817.

preffent Majesty, ws Mak, by an Act made in the Twenty ferenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

and I be Duties of Exrife' on Tobaceo and Snuff, by an Act made in the Twenty ninth year of the Reign of 4 Hi# pretax Majesty, should continue in force until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine and no longer, but should from thenceforth cease and determine, unless the fame should be speriafty continued by Parliament 5 which fard fevers! Duties were by an Act made and passed in the Thirty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for continuing and granting to

flu Mateffiy a Duty on Pensons, Offices, and Personal EJrates, in England, Wales? and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco and Snuffi, for thi Service of the Tear One thousand/even hundred and ninety nine, further continued until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred 5 and which, by federal subsequent Acts, were further continued until the Twenty fifth Day

ok March One thousand eight hundred and eleven: And Whereas by an Act passed in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of Hie present Majesty, intituled An Act for repealing the several Duties of Customs chargeable in Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof; and by one other Act made in the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to repeal the Duties of Cidioms payable on Goods, Wares and Merchandise imported into Great Britain from any Port or Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and to grant other Duties in Hen thereof; and to establish further Regulations for the better Security of the Revenue on Goods so imported; and to alter the Periods for making up and presenting certain Accounts of the said Company to Parliament; to continue in force until the Tenth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and nineteen; the said several Duties on Sugar imported from the Eqfi Indies were repealed, and other Duties granted on Sugar so imported in lieu thereof: And Whereas by another Act, passed in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to repeal the Duties of Excise payable in Great Britain, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof, certain of the said Duties on Licences to be taken out by Dealers in Tobacco and Snuff, and

certain Duties on Tobacco, were repealed, and other Duties granted m lieu thereof: And Whereas the said Duties on Sugar, and the said Duties on Malt, Tobacco and Snuff, togCtlier with the said Duties relating to Licences and Tobacco, were further continued until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seventeen Be it further enacted, That the said several DutieB on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco and Snuff, and the said Acts granting and continuing the fame, and all the Provisions thereof, shall be and the same are hereby Severally and respectively further continued from and after the Expiration of the Time limited w aforesaid until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eighteen; and all the Monies arising thereby, which shall be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer, shall be entered separate and diflmft from all other Monies paid and payable to His Majesty.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That there shall be provided and kept in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster One Book of Register, in which all the Money that shall be paid into the Exchequer at Westminster for the said Rates and Duties hereby granted Ort Sugar, Malt, Tobacco and Snuff, and also the Rates and Assessments hereby granted on Personal Estates, and on Offices and Employments of Profit, Pensions, Annuities and Stipends, and all Sums contributed and paid from His Majesty's Civil List Revenue, and all voluntary Contributions hereinbefore mentioned, shall be entered and registered apart and distinct from all other Monies paid and payable to His Majesty.

XLVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Exchequer Bills to be made forth by virtue of this Act, together with the Interest that may become due thereon, and the Charges of exchanging and circulating the fame, shall be and the same are hereby made chargeable and charged upon the Rates, Duties and Assessments granted by this Act; and it shall be lawful for the said Commraoners of the Treasury, and they are hereby authorized, from time to time to direct to be issued to the said Paymasters by way of Imprest, and upon Account, such Sums of Money, and at such Periods as the said Commissioners shall think necessary, for or towards paying off and discharging the Exchequer Bills which shall have been made forth by virtue of this Act, or any of them, and for and towards paying the Interest to become due on the said Bills, and for and towards the Charge of exchanging and circulating the fame Bills or any of them.

LI. And be it further enacted, That the Surplus of tie Monies arising from the Rates, Duties and Assessments granted and imposed by this Act, and all Sums contributed and paid from His Majesty's Civil List Revenue, and all voluntary Contributions, after paying off and satisfying all the Exchequer Bills issued by virtue of this Act, together with the Interest that may become due thereon, and the Charges of exchanging rad circulating the fame, (kail, as the Surplus of any inch Monies respectively shall be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer at Westminster, be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

CAP. VI.

An Act to make perpetual certain Parts of an Act of the Thirty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, for the Safety and Preservation of His Majesty's Person and Government against Treasonable and Seditious Practices and Attempts; and for the Safety and Preservation of the Person of His Royal Highness The Prince Regent against Treasonable Practices and Attempts.

[17th March 1817.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Thirty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An 4 W A3 far the Safety and Preservation rtf His Majesty's Person' and Government against Treasonable and Seditious Practices and Attempts, it was amongst other Things enacted, that if any Person or Persons

whatsoever.

G.

A.D. 1817.

57° GEORGII III. C. 6.

whatsoever, after the Day of the passing of that Act, during the natural Lift.of His Majesty, and until the End of the next Session of Parliament after the Demise of the Crown, should, within the Realm or

without, compass, imagine, invent, devise or intend Death or Destruction, or any bodily Harm tending to 1 Death or Definition, Maim or Wounding, Imprisonment or Restraint of the Person of His Majesty, His

Heirs and Successors, or to deprive or depose Him or them from the Stile, Honour or Kingly Name of the

Imperial Crown of this Realm, or of any other of His Majesty's Dominions or Countries, or to levy War

against His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, within this Realm, in order by Force or Constraint to compel

Him or them to change His or their. Measures or Counsels, or in order to put any Force or Constraint upon

or to intimidate or overawe both Houses or either House of Parliament, or to move or stir any Foreigner or Stranger with Force to invade this Realm or any other His Majesty's Dominions or Countries under the Obeifence of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and such Gompaffings, Imaginations, Inventions, De-

vices or Intentions, or any of them, should express, utter or declare, by publishing any Printing or Writing,

4 or by any overt Act or Deed, being legally convicted thereof upon the Oaths of Two lawful and credible Witnesses upon Trial, or otherwise convicted or attainted by due Course of Law, then every such Person and Persons so as aforesaid offending should be deemed, declared and adjudged to be a Traitor and Traitors,

and should suffer Pains of Death, and also lose and forfeit as in cases of High Treason: And Whereas it

is necessary and expedient that such of the Provisions of the said Act as would expire at the End of the next Session of Parliament after the Demise of the Crown should be further continued and made perpetual$'

Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the

Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority The (hid Proof the fame, That all and every the hereinbefore recited Provisions which relate to the Heirs and Successors visions made of His Majesty, the Sovereigns of these Realms, shall be and the same are hereby made perpetual. perpetual.

II. And Whereas, in consequence of the daring Outrages offered to the Person of His Royal Highness the

Pridce Regent of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in the Exercise and Administration of the Royal Power and Authority to the Crown of these Realms belonging, in His Passage to and from the Parliament, at the Opening of this present Session, it i6 expedient, for the Security and Preservation of the

Person of the fame His Royal Highness The Prince Regent, to extend certain of the Provisions of the said

Act; Be it therefore enacted, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever, after the Day of passing this Act, Compassing, &c. daring the Period in which His Royal Highness The Prince Regent shall remain in the Personal Exercise of the Death, Bo-the Royal Authority, shall, within the Realm or without, compass, imagine, invent, devise or intend Death ^Th^Prince* or Destruction, or any bodily Harm tending to Death or Destruction, Maim or Wounding, Imprisonment or Regent> and ex. Restraint, of the Person of the feme His Royal Highness The Prince Regent, and such Compaffings, Imagi- prdiing the fame nations, Inventions, Devises or Intentions, or any of them, shall express, utter or declare, by publishing any by Priming, &c. Printing or Writing, or by any overt Act or Deed, being legally convicted thereof upon the Oaths of Two lawful and credible Witnesses upon Trial, or otherwise convicted or attainted by due Course of Law, then every such Person and Persons so as aforesaid offending shall be deemed, declared and adjudged to be a Traitor and Trakers, and shall suffer Pains of Death, and also lose and forfeit as in cases of High Treason. Treason.

III. And Whereas it is expedient to extend the Provisions of a certain Act passed in the Thirty ninth Extending Pro-

and Fortieth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for regulating Trials for High vifiou*of39&

Treason and Misprision of Treason in certain cases f Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the 40G. 3. c. 93. passing of this Act, all and every the Clauses, Provisions and Regulations in the said Act contained shall ex- Hi^ne^Hie tend and be deemed, taken and construed to extend, to all and every case of High Treason in compassing pri^ce Regent, or imagining the Death of His Royal Highness The Prince Regent, and Misprision of such Treason, where the overt Act or overt Acts which shall be alleged in the Indictment for such Offence shall be Assassination or Killing of His Royal Highness The Prince Regent, or any direct Attempt against his Life, or any direct Attempt against His Person whereby His Life may be endangered or His Person may suffer bodily Harm.

IV. Provided, and be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons that shall at any Time be Persons nccufed

accused, or indicted or prosecuted for any Offence made or declared to be High Treason by this Act, shall be of High Treason entitled to the Benefit of the Act made in the Seventh Yehr of His late Majesty King William the Third, enm^dtothe intituled An Act for regulating of Trials in Cases of Treason and Misprision of Treason; and also to the Pro-\V° 3 c

visions made by. another Act, passed in the Seventh Year of Her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled An Act and 7 Ann. c. ai!

for improving the Union of the Two Kingdoms; feve and except in Cases of High Treason in compassing or except in Cafe« imagining the Death of any Heir or Successor of His Majesty, or the Death of His Royal Highness The herein men-Princt Regent, and of Misprision of such Treason, where the overt Act or overt Acts of such Treason which tioned*

shall be alleged in the Indictment for such Offence shall be Affirmation or Killing of any Heir or Successor of His Majesty, or Assassination or Killing of His Royal Highness The Prince Regent, or any direct Attempt against the Life of any Heir or Successor of His Majesty, or any such Attempt agarnft the Life of the Prince Regent, or any direct Attempt against the Person of any Heir or Successor of His Majesty, or against the Person of The Prince Regent, whereby the Life of such Heir or Successor, or the Life of The Prince Regent, may be endangered, or the Person of such Heir or Successor, or of The Prince Regent, may suffer bodily Harm.

V. Provided also, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to Proviso for Pro-

extend to prevent or affect any Prosecution, by Information or Indictment, to which any Person or Persons fecutions to would have been or would be liable if this Act had not been enacted, for any Offence within the Provisions of wh, c|j J*ersons this Act, unlefo the Party shall have been first prosecuted under this Act. f

VI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That the Statute of the Fifty fourth Year of His Majesty's Reign, nol pafl*edt 3 intituled An Act to alter tin Punishment m certain Cases of High Trmfony shall have the feme Effect as to Sen- 54 G. 3. c. 146.

tences as to Judgments

extended bo this

Att.

17 G. 3. c. 70. G. B. and 37 G. 3. 1.

revived and made perpetual.

SI G. 3. C. 149.

further continued.

45 G. 3. c. 69.

48 G. 3. c. ill. 48 G. 3. c. 9c.

Prenrifes veiled in Commissioners for the Affairs of Barracks, under recited Act, and all

C. 6 — 9. 57° GEORGII III. A.D. 1817.

tences and Judgments to be pronounced and awarded under this Act, as if this Act had been made and passed before the said Act of the Fifty fourth Year of His Majesty's Reign.

CAP. VII.

An Act to revive and make perpetual Two Acts of the Thirty seventh Year of His present Majesty, the one in the Parliament of Great Britain, and the other in the Parliament of Ireland, for the better Prevention and Punishment of Attempts to seduce Persons serving in His Majesty's Forces by Sea or Land from their Duty and Allegiance to His Majesty, or to incite them to Mutiny or Disobedience.

[17th March 1817.]

WHEREAS Two Acts were passed in the Thirty seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, the , one in the Parliament of Great Britain, kthe other in the Parliament of Ireland, each of them being intituled An Act for the belter Prevention and Punishment of Attempts to seduce Persons serving in His Majestfs Forces, by Sea or Land, from their Duty and Allegiance to His Majesty, or to incite them to Mutiny or Disobedience: And Whereas the said Acts were afterwards continued, but are now expired; and it is expedient and necessary that the fame should be revived and made perpetual $' Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, the said hereinbefore mentioned Acts of the Thirty seventh Year of His Majesty's Reign, and all and every the Clauses, Powers, Punishments and Provisions therein contained, save the Clauses or Provisions therein respectively contained limiting the Continuance of the said Acts respectively, shall be and the same are hereby revived and made perpetual.

CAP. VIII.

An Act to continue, until the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and twenty, an Act of the Fifty second Year of his present Majesty, to regulate the Separation of damaged from found Coffee, and to permit dealers to send out any Quantity of Coffee not exceeding Eight Pounds Weight without Permit.

[17th March 1817.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fifty second Year of His present Majesty intituled An Act to regulate the Separation of damaged from found Coffee, and to permit Dealers to send out any Quantity of 1 Coffee not exceeding Eight Pounds Weight without Permit, until toe End of Two Tears from the pacing of this Act: And Whereas the said Act was by an Act made in the Fifty fourth Year of His present Majesty

continued in force until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seventeen: And Whereas it is expedient that the said first mentioned Act should be further continued: 9 Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, ift this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said first mentioned Act shall be and the fame is hereby further continued until the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and twenty.

CAP. IX.

An Act for vesting all Estates and Property occupied for the Barrack Service in the Comptroller of the Barrack Department; and for granting certain Powers to the said Comptroller.

[17th March 1817.]

WHEREAS an Act passed in the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for vefing in the Barrack Master General for the Time being Estates held or occupiedfor the Barrack Service, and authorising him to sell the same, with the Consent of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesbfs Treasury: And Whereas another Act passed in the forty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for vefing all Estates and Property occupied for the Barrack Service in the Commissioners for the Affairs of Barracks, and for granting certain Powers to the said Commissioners: And Whereas another Act passed in the said Forty eighth Year aforesaid, intituled An Act to enable the Commissioners for auditing Public Accounts, and the Commissioners for the Affairs of Barracks respectively, to to send and receive Letters and Packets on the Business of their Offices, free of Postage: And Whereas the Affairs of the Barrack Department are now under the Management of a Comptroller of the Barrack Department, appointed for that purpose by His Majesty, and it is therefore necessary that all Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments which were by the said Act or have since become Veiled in the said Commissioners, and all other Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments in any manner used and

occupied for the Service of the Barrack Department* should be vested in the said Comptroller, and that the said Comptroller should be enabled to maintain and defend Actions and Suits in relation to all Contracts made for the Service of the Barrack Department, or in any manner relating thereto; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That immediately from and after the passing of this Act all Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditament* which were by the said Act vested in the Commissioners for the Affairs of Barracks for the time being, and also all Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments which have since been purchased or taken or are in any manner now held by any Person or Persons whatever in Trull for or for the Use of His Majesty, His

12 Heirs

A.D. 1817. 57° GEORGII III. C. 9.

Heirs and Successors, for the Service of the Barrack Department, either in Fee or for any Lives, or any Terra of Years of any other or lefTer Interest, and all Erections and Bbildings which now are or which shall be hereafter eroded and built thereon, together with the Rights, Members, Easements and Appurtenances Co the fame respectively belonging, (other than and except such Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments as may be of Copyhold Tenure, ) and from and after the Purchase and Conveyance, Grant or Demise thereof, all other Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments which shall at any time or times hereafter be purchased by the.Comptroller of the Barrack Department for the time being, or by any othelr Person or Persons by his Order, for the Service of the Barrack Department, and all Erections and Buildings which now are or which shall hereafter be eroded and built thereon, with the Rights, Members, Easements and Appurtenances to the fame respectively belonging, shall be and become, and remain and continue vested in the Comptroller of the Barrack Department for the time being, and his Successor hi the said Office, according to the Nature and Quality and Estate and Interest of and in the fame Hereditaments and Premises respectively; and that upon the Death, Resignation or Removal of the present Comptroller, or of any future Comptroller or Comptrollers, all such Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments respectively (other than and except as aforesaid) shall become vetted in and be held by the succeeding Comptroller, and so in perpetual SuccefSon according to the Nature and Quality and Estate and Interest of and in the fame respectively, in Trust for His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, for the Service of the Barrack Department, or for such other Public Service or Services as His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, shall from time to time be pleased to direct: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall be construed to vest the said Premises upon other terms, with respect to former Proprietors, than those on which the same are now vetted in the Person or Persons holding the fame in Trust for His Majesty*

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Comptroller for the time being, with the Consent and Approbation of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or any Three or more of them, (such Consent and Approbation to be certified by One of the Secretaries to the said Commissioners by Writing under his Hand, ) to fell, or in any manner to dispose of, or let or demise any of the Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments which shall be vetted in the said Comptroller for the time being, with their respective Appurtenances, either by public Auction or private Contract 5 and in due form of law, to convey, assign and make over the same to any Person or Persons who shall be willing to purchase or take the fame respectively 5 and also to do any other Act, Matter or Thing, in relation to any such Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, which shall be deemed beneficial by the said Comptroller and the said Commissioners to the Public Service, in relation thereto or for the better management thereof, which might be done by any Person having a like Interest in Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments; and no Contracts, Alignments and Conveyances, in Law or Equity, heretofore made by the said Commissioners for Affairs of Barracks, shall be deemed invalid, or be in any manner impeached by reason of no Offer having been first made to any Person having adjoining Lands, or of whom the iame were first purchased; any thing in the said recited Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Monies to arise and be produced by the Sale of any of the said Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments which shall be sold under the Provisions of this present Act, shall be paid by the respective Purchaser or Purchasers thereof into the Bank of England, and shall be there placed to the Account of the Comptroller of the Barrack Department for the time being, or to such other Account in the Bank of England as the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, or any Three or more of them, shall direct; and the Receipt of any One of the Cashiers of the Bank of England for such Monies shall effectually discharge the Purchaser or rurchafers by whom or on whole Account the same shall be so paid into the Bank of England.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Comptroller of the Barrack Department for the time being, and he is hereby authorized and empowered, to bring, prosecute, maintain or defend any Action or Suit in respect of or in relation to any Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments by this Act vetted in him as aforesaid, or of any Trespass committed thereon, or Damage or Injury* done thereto, and also in respect of or in relation to any Furniture, Stores or other Articles, Matters or Things, or any Goods or Chattels whatever belonging to the Barrack Department, or in the Custody or Charge of or used by any Officer of the Barrack Department or Person employed therein, and also for the Breach or Non Performance of any Contract or Agreement, or of any Covenant therein, or for any Matter or Thing in respect of or in relation to any Contract or Agreement made by any Person or Persons whatever for the Service of the Barrack Department, or any other Matter or Thing relating to any of the Affairs under the Management or Control of the said Comptroller; and in every such Action or Suit the said Comptroller for the time being shall be called The Comptroller of the Barrack Department, " without naming him; and no such Suit or Proceeding commenced before the passing of this Act by the Commissioners for the Affairs of Barracks shall abate, but shall and may after the passing thereof be carried on and proceeded in by or in the Name of the find Comptroller, as he may deem fit 5 and no Suit or Proceeding hereafter commenced shall abate by the Death, Resignation, or Removal of such Comptroller, any thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament or Law or Laws to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted, That wherever any Accounts, or other Matters or Things relating to any Business or other Subjects or Transactions under the Management of the Comptroller of the Barrack Department, shall be to be verified by any Oath or Affidavit of any Person or Persons, it shall be lawful for the said Comptroller of the Barrack Department, the Deputy Comptroller of the Barrack Department, or any Assistant Inspector General of Barracks, or for any Justice of the Peace or Magistrate, to administer an Oath and take an Affidavit in that Behalf*

7

Messuages, Ac* fifice purchased, or which may be purchased for the Barrack Department, shall be vested in the Comptroller of the Barrack Department;

hut on the fame Terms as they are now held in Trust for His Majesty.

Comptroller, with Consent of the Treasury, may fell Premises,

and to do any other Act in relation to the Premises that shall be deemed beneficial for the Public Service,

Purchase Money to be paid into the Bank.

Receipt of Cashier to be a Discharge.

Comptroller may bring and defend Actions.

How Comptroller to be Dyled in such Action.

Comptroller may administer Oaths.-

On Comptroller quitting Office, Money binding in his Name to be veiled in new Comptroller. Letters and Packets to Comptroller of the Barrack Department, or font by him or Deputy, to be free of Postage.

Sending any thing under Cover not relating to the Duties of the Office, Penalty iool.

Bodies Politic, Sec. may agree for Enfranchisement and for Sale of Lands.

Such Contract*, See. valid. Purchase Money to be paid to Deputy Remembrancer of Exchequer for Owners of Lands, See. and to be certified to the Exchequer;

Copy of Certificate signed by Deputy Remembrancer Evdence.

One of the Barons of the Exchequer may give Directions as to the Appfi-cation of the Money on Petition or Motion.

C. 9. 57° GEORGII III. A.D. 1817.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all Mon toe which shall at any time hereafter (land or remain at the time of the Death or Resignation or quitting of Office of any Comptroller of the Barrack Department, in the Bank of England, in the Name of such Comptroller, shall forthwith vest in the Comptroller for the time being; and from and after the Appointment of another Comptroller, all such Money shall forthwith rest ia such Comptroller; and so from time to time in Succession.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all Letters and Packets add re fled to the Comptroller of the Barrack Department respectively for the time being, upon any Bu fine fa or Affairs relating to the Duties of the Office of the said Comptroller, shall be free from the Duty of Postage; and also that all Letters and Packets sent by the Comptroller of the Barrack Department, ortho Deputy Comptroller for the time being respectnrely, upon any Business or Affairs relating to any of the Duties of the Barrack Department respectively, id manner and form herein after directed, shall be sent free from the said Duty of Postage; and all such Letters and Packets respectively shall be under Cover, with the Words«Pursuant to A & of Parliament, " and Barrack Office, " printed upon the fame; and the Comptroller or his Deputy, or some Person to be nominated from time to time for that purpose by such Comptroller, and whose Appointment for that purpose shall be transmitted to the Poll Office, shall write his Name under the fame; and they and each of them are and is hereby strictly prohibited from enclosing or fending under such Covers any Writing, Paper, or Parcel whatever, excepting such as relate to the Duties of the said Office.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any such Comptroller or Deputy or Clerk as aforesaid respectc-ively shall presume to fend or convey under any of the Covers aforesaid any Writing, Paper or Parcel other than those relating to the Duties of the Department, he shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds, to be recovered with full Costs of Suit by any Person or Persons by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no E(feign, Privilege, Protection, Wager of Law or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed; one Moiety of which Penalty shall go to the Person who shall sue for the fame, and the other Moiety thereof to and for the Use of His Majesty.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for all Bodies Politic or Corporate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, and all Feoffees or Trustees for charitable or other public Purposes, and for all Tenants for Life and Tenants in Tail* and for the Husbands, Guardians, Trustees, Committees, Curators or Attornies, or such of the Owners or Proprietors of or Persons interested in any Lands or Hereditaments which have been taken or are now or which may hereafter be held by His Majesty, or by any Person in Trust for His Majesty, or in Trust for the Public Service, as shall be Femes Covert, Infants, Lunatics, Idiots or Persons beyond the Seas, or otherwise incapable of acting for themselves, to contra& and agree with sech Comptroller or other Person or Persons authorized by him, either for the absenite Sale of any sech J^ands or Hereditaments, or for the Enfranchisement of any Copyhold, or Sale of any Reversion after any Estate or Estates for Lives, or for the Grant of any Lease, either for any Term of Years certain therein, or Cor such Period as the Exigency of the^Public Service shall require, and to convey, surrender, demise or grant the fame accordingly; and all such ^ontra&s. Sales, Conveyances, £nfranchisements, Surrenders, Leases and Agreements (ham be valid and effedfeal in Law to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

X. And be it further enacted, That in every such Case of Purchase of any Lands or Hereditaments, or of any such Reversion as aforesaid, or of the Enfranchisement of any Copyhold, or Purchase of any other Interest belonging to any sech Body or other Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity, or not having the absolute Interest therein, the same shall be paid into the Hands or mto the Name of the Deputy of the King's Remembrancer of His Majesty's Court of Exchequer at Westminster, Edinburgh, or Dublin respectively, for the time being, for the Use and Benefit of the Owners and Proprietors of such Lands and Hereditaments, who is hereby authorized and required to receive or accept and to give a Discharge for the fame, and upon the Acceptation or Receipt thereof to sign a Certificate to the Barons or Judges of the said Courts of Exchequer respectively under his Hand, purporting and signifying that such Money or other Consideration was received or accepted by and paid to him in pursuance of this Act, for the Use and Benefit of such Owners or Proprietors who shall be named and described in such Certificate 5 and the said Certificate shall be filed or deposited in the said Court of Exchequer at Westminster, Edinburgh or Dublin respectively; and a true Copy thereof, signed by the Deputy Remembrancer of such Court, mall and may be read and allowed as Evidence for the Purposes herein after mentioned; and the said Deputy Remembrancer is hereby required, upon Receipt of any such Sum or Sums of Money as aforesaid, to pay the same into the Bank of England, or Bank of Scotland or Royal Bank of Scotland, or Bank of Ireland, as the Case may require; and immediately upon the filing or depositing of such Certificate the said Lands or Hereditaments shall be and become vested in the said Comptroller or other Person for the Public Service, to the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors.

XI.'And be it further enacted, That the Barons or Judges of His Majesty's Court of Exchequer at Westminster, Edinburgh or Dublin, of the Degree of the Coif, for the time being respectively, or any one or more of them, shall be and they are hereby authorized mid empowered in a summary way, upon Motion or by Petition for and on behalf of any Person or Persons interested in or entitled to the Benefit of the Mopey so paid to and received by the Deputy Remembrancer, or the Interest or Produce thereof, and upon reading the Certificate directed to be signed by the said Deputy Remembrancer concerning the same as aforesaid, and receiving such further Satisfaction as they shall think necessary, to make and pronounce sech Orders and Directions for paying the said Money t>r any Part of the fame, or for placing out such Part thereof as shall be Principal in the Public Funds, or upon Government or Real Securities, and for Payment of the Dividends or Ijnsescft thereof, or any Part thereof, to the respective Persons entitled to receive the feme, or for laying out the Principal or any Part thereof in the Purchase of other Lands or Hereditaments, to be conveyed and settled to, for

13 and

57° GEORGII III. C. 9, i o.

On Death or Removal of Deputy Remembrancer, Money, &c. to veil in Successor.

The Powers of Deputy Remembrancer to vest in the King*s Remembrancer executing the Office in Person.

and upon the same Uses, Trulls, Intents and Purposes as the said Lands and Hereditaments so taken Rood settled at the time of the Payment of such Money as aforesaid, as near as the fame can done, or otherwise concerning the disposing of the said Money or any Part thereof, and the IntereR of the fame or any Part thereof, for the Benefit of the Person and Persons entitled to and interested in the fame respectively, or for appointing any Person or Persons to be Trufiee or Trustees for all or any of Rich Purposes, as the said Court shall think jail and reasonable.

XII. And be it further-enacted, That upon the Death or Removal of any Rich Deputy Remembrancer, all Stocka and Securities vefidd to 'him by virtue of this Act shall veR in the succeeding Deputy Remembrancer, for the Purposes hereinbefore mentioned, without any Assignment or Transfer; and all Monies paid into the said Banks respectively in purfufence of this Act> or remaining in the Hands of any Deputy Remem-branoer at his Death or Removal, and not veRed in the Funds, or placed out on Securities as aforesaid, shall be paid over to the succeeding Deputy Remembrancer for the time being.

XIII. And be it further enacted and declared, That if in any case the King's Remembrancer shall execute the said Office in Person, then and in such case the several TruRs, Powers and Authorities by this Act veRed in the said Deputy Remembrancer and his Successors, shall, during such time as no Deputy Remembrancer shall be appoir\(ed, be veRed in and be executed by the said Bang's Remembrancer for the time being.

CAP. X.

An Act: to regulate the Vessels carrying Passengers from the United Kingdom to certain of His Majesty's Colonies in North America.

[17th March 1817.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Forty third Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for 43 G. 3. t.j6.

' regulating the Vessels carrying Passengers from the United Kingdom to His Majesty's Plantations and

Settlements abroad or to Foreign Parts, with respect to the Number of such Passengers, certain Regulations were made with respect to the Number of Passengers to be conveyed on board British and Foreign Vessels,

from the United Kingdom to His Majesty's Colonies abroad, and to Foreign*Countries: And Whereas it is expedient to make special Regulations with respect' to the Conveyance of Passengers to certain of His Majesty's Colonies in North America; Be it therefore enacted by The King's MoR Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act nothing in the aforesaid Act of the Forty third Year of His present Majesty shall be deemed or taken to apply to any British Ship or Vessel carrying Passengers to the Provinces of Upper or Lower Canada, Nova Scotia, New Brunswick,

Cate ^Breton, or Prince Edward*s Island; any thing in the said Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

it. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing.of this Act no Ship or Vessel shall fail'with Jtoffengers from any Port or Place in the United Kingdom to any Port or Place in Upper or Lower Canada,

Nova Scotia, New Brunswick, Cape Breton, or Prince Edward*s Island, unless the MaRer or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of every such Ship or Vessel, and the Owner or Owners thereof, shall, before the failing of Rich Ship or Vessel from any Port or Place as aforesaid, enter into Security by Bond to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, in the Penalty of Five hundred Pounds, with Condition that there shall not be taken on board any such Ship or Vessel any more such Passengers than are herein after permitted and allowed, and that every Passenger, if alive, shall be landed at the Port or Place tp which such Pafifenger shall have contrafted to be conveyed; which Bond shall be taken "by and deposited with the Collector and Comptroller or other Principal Officer of His Majesty's CuRomsat the Port from which Rich Ships or Vessels shall fail 5 and the MaRer or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of fudh Ship or Vessel, previous to his leaving the said Port, shall and is hereby required to deliver to the said Collector and Comptroller or other Principal Officer of His Majesty's CuRoms at the said Port, a LiA containing the Number of thfc said Passengers, with their Names, Ages, and Descriptions, and the Places to which they are to be respectively conveyed, for the Purpose of being regiRered at such Port, together with a Copy of the fame, which Copy shall be certified by the said Officers as being correct and true, and delivered to the MaA^r or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel, to be by him kept on board the said Vessel and subject to the Inspection of any of His Majesty's Ships of War or Vessels in the Service of His Majesty's CuRoms or Excise during his Voyage to the aforesaid Colonies; and upon the Arrival of such Ship or Vessel at either of the aforesaid Colonies the said Mailer or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel shall deliver the aforesaid Copy of the LiA to the Governor of such Place or other Person acting for him, or to the Naval Officer or Chief Officer of the Customs at the fort of Arrival, or to the neareR JuRice of the Peace, who shall be required to examine the Passengers within Twenty four Hours after their Arrival; and no such Passenger as aforesaid shall be allowed to land until such LiA is compared with the Passengers by the Governor or other Person acting for him, or some Person authorized by either of them for that Purpose.

III. And be it further enacted, That if the MaRer or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel shall take or have on board his Ship or Vessel, or if the Owner or Owners of such Ship or Vessel shall engage te take on board, more Persons than- the Number allowed, they shall respectively forfeit the Sum x>f Fifty Pounds for each Person so taken or engaged to be taken on board.

IV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act it shall not be lawful for any Ship or Vessel from any Place in the United Kingdom of Great Britain arid Ireland, or from' Guenifcy and Jersey, to carry to any Port or Place in Upper or Lower Canada, Nova Scotia, New Brunswick, Cape Breton, or Prince Edward's Island, a greater Number of Passengers than in the Proportion of One adult Person or of

57 Geo. III. C Three

Not to apply to British Vesseli carrying Pat-fengers to Canada, &c.

No Vessel Hull fail to Canada, Sec. unless the Matter enter into Bond that there shall not be taken on board more Passengers than by this Act ill-lowed, &c.

Lift of Passengers to be delivered in manner herein mentioned.

And a Copy* thereof to be certified by Officer of Customs, and delivered to the Matter, to be kept by him for the Inspec-iion of Ships of War, &c.

Taking more Passengers than Num her ?1 lowed, Penalty jcl.

Passengers to Fc apportioned recording to the

Tonnage of c Vessel.

IO

How Tonnage of Vessels to be taken.

Water and Provisions bow to be apportioned.

Not giving out Allowance of Provisions, Penalty id. Abstract of Act to be exposed in the Vessel

Penalty 10L Penalties how to be recovered and applied.

Proviso for Laws for the Regulation of Artificers, &c.leaving

the Kingdom*

One of the Judges of K. B. may fit apart for adding and justifying Special Bail.whilst others of the Judges are fitting.

C. 10, ii. 57° GEORGII III. A.D. 1817.

Three Children under Fourteen Years of Age for every One Ton and a Half of the Burthen of such Ship or Vessel; and every, such Ship and Vessel shall be taken to be of such Tonnage or Burthen as is described and set forth in the respective Certificate of the Registry of each and every such Ship or Vessel granted in pursuance of the several Acta in force in Great Britain and Ireland respectively relating to such Certificates; and if any such Ship or Vessel- shall be partly laden with Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, then it shall not be lawful for the Mailer or, other Person having the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel to re* ceive or take on board a greater Number of Persons than in the* Proportion of One adult Person or of Three Children under Fourteen Years of Age for every One Ton and a Half of that Part of such Ship or Vessel remaining unladen.

V. And be it further enacted, That evenr such Ship or Vessel shall be furnished at the time of her Departure to commence the Voyage with at lean Twelve Weeks' Supply of good and wholesome Water, so as to furnish a Supply of Five Pints of Water per Day for every such Passenger exclusive of the Crew; and the said Supply of Water shall be flowed below the Deck; and every such Ship or Vessel shall also* be furnished with such a. Supply of Provisions as will afford am Allowance for every such Passenger, exclusive of the Crew, during the said Period of Twelve Weeks, of One Pound of Bread or Biscuit and One Pound of Beef or Three Quarters of a Pound of Pork per Day, and also Two Pounds of Flour, Three Pounds of Oatmeal* or Three Pounds of Peas or Pearl Barley, and Half a Pound of Butter Weekly; the Weekly Allowance to commence on the Day the Vessel puts to Sea.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Mailer or other Person having or taking the Qfiarge or Command of any Ship or Vessel failing to give out the Allowance of Provisions and Water hereinbefore specified shall forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds of lawful Money for each and every such Neglect and Omission.

VII. And be it further enacted, That an Abdra& of this Act, dating the Number of Passenger* allowed to -be, taken, and the Daily and Weekly Allowance of Water and Provisions, shall be exposed m some conspicuous Part of the Ship or Vessel to which the said Paffeogers have Recourse; in failure of which the Master or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel shall forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures to be incurred under this Act shall and may be recovered in a summary Way on the Oath of One or more Witness or Witnesses before any One or more of His Majesty's Justice or Justices of the Peace of any County, County of a City, Ridiftg, Shire or Place in the United Kingdom, where such Ship or Vessel shall depart from or come to in or during such Voyage, or in a summary Wav in any Court or Courts of Session having Jurisdiction in the Port or Place at which such Ship or Vessel shall arrive; and One Moiety of every Penalty to be recovered by virtue of this Act shall go and be applied to the Use of His Maiedy, His Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to the Use of Tuch Person or Persons 4s shall fird sue for the same.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act shall extend or be condrued to extend to .repeal, alter or affect any Law, Statute, Usage or Cudom now in force in the United Kingdom or within Great Britain or Ireland respectively, for the Redri&ion or Regulation of Artificers and others from or in going or passing from any Part of the United Kingdom to Parts beyond Sea, or to regulate the Ships or Vessels carrying or conveying such Artificers, or the Maders or Commanders or Persons having Charge of such Ships or Vessels; but that all such Laws, Usages and Cudoms shall remain in full Force and Effect to all Intents and Purpose* as if this Act had not been made*.

CAP. XL

An Act to facilitate the Progress of Business in the Court of King's Bench in Westminster Hall.

[17th March 1817.]

WHEREAS the Court of King's Bench at Westminster, by reason of the great Increase of Business 4 W therein, has of late been much occupied during Term in the adding and judifying of Special Bail,

whereby other Business of great public Concern has been much obdru&ed and delayed; and the fame In-1 convenience is likely dill to continue unless some Remedy is provided for the fame; And Whereas it would tend materially to remedy this Inconvenience if One of the Judges of the fame Court should be*enabled to

fit and proceed, when Occasion should so require, upon the said Business of adding and judifying Bail in c some Place in or near to Westminster Hall other than the usual Place of Sitting for the whole Court, whild others of the Judges of the fame Court should proceed in the Dispatch of the other Business of the fame Court in their ordinary Place of Sitting in Westminster Hall J Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice And Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for any One of the Judges of the Court of King's Bench at Westminster, when Occasion shall so require, to fit apart from the other Judges of the fame Court, in some Place in or near to Westminster Hally for the Business of adding, and judifying Special Bail in Causes depending in the fame Court, whud others of the Judges of the fame Court are at the same time proceeding in the Dispatch of the other Business of the fame Court in Bank, ia its usual Place of Sitting for that purpose in Westminster Hall; and that the Proceedings so had by and before such One of the Judges so fitting apart for these Purposes shall be as good and effectual in the Law to all Intents and Purposes as if the fame were had before thf Court assembled and fitting as usual in its ordinary Place $f Sitting in Westminster Hall.

II

57° GEORGII III.

C.

12.

Cap. m

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

[21st March 1817.]

{Thit AB it tht fame at 56 G. 3. c. 10. except at to Data* Numbert of Forets* &c. and tie SeQiont that are

here retained* and except also at to Schedule (N).j

KII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That whenever any Sentence of Transportadon passed by any Court Martial holden in the Itajl Indies* or in Saint Helena* or in His Majesty's Settlements of the Cape of Good Hope or Ceylon* or in any Settlement occupied by His Majesty's Forces beyond the Cape of Good Hope* is to be carried into execution, or Mercy shall be extended to any Offender liable to the Punishment of Death by thp Sentence of any such Court Martial, upon Condition of Transportadon, the same shall be notified in Writing by the Officer commanding in Chief His Majesty's Forces in India* or in Saint Helena* or at the Cape of Good Hope* or in the Island of Ceylon* or at any other Foreign Settlement, Island, Territory or Country belonging to His Majesty, within the Limits of the Charter of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the JEafi Indies* or in the Absence of the Officer, commanding in Chief, then by the Adjutant General for the time being, to some Judge of One of the Supreme Courts of Judicature of the Presidencies of Fort William* Fort Saint George* or Bombay, or the Chief Justice or other Judge at the Island of Ceylon or the Cape of Good Hope* or any such other Settlement, Island, Territory or Country respectively as aforesaid; and thereupon such Judge shall make an Order for the Transportation of such Offender upon the Terms and for the time which shall be. specified in such ^Notification; and shall also make such other Order or Orders, and do all such other Acts consequent upon* the fame; as any such Judge is authorized to make or do with respect to Offenders ordered to be transported by Sentence of the Criminal Courts in India; and the*Governor and Council of fu<di Presidency, or Governor of such Settlement, Island, Territory, or Country respectively, shall and they are hereby required to take Order for the Transportation of all such Offenders accordingly.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That no Officer, Non Commissioned Officer, or Soldier, who shall be arrested and committed to Prison upon a Charge of any Criminal Offence, shall receive any Part of his Pay from the Day of such Commitment till the Day of his Return to the Regiment, Troop, Company or Detachment to which he shall belong, or which he shall be ordered to join; provided that if he shall be acquitted of the Offence for which he was committed, he shall upon his Return to his Corps be entitled to lyceive all Arrears of Pay which were growing due during the time of his Confinement; but if he shall be convicted he- shall forfeit all Right to any Pay from thp Day of his Commitment during the time of his Confinement as well under the origii\al Commitment as under any Commitment consequent upon such Conviction, and until the Day of his Return to the Regiment, Troop, Company or Detachment to which he shall belong, or which he shall be ordered to joip: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the Secretary at War for the time being, or if in Ireland the Chief Secretary, or in his Absence the under Secretary for the Military Department, to order the Issue and Payment to any such Officer, Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier, during any such Commitment or Imprisonment, or either of them, or any Part thereof, of the Pay of any such Officer, Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier, or of any Proportion of such Pay, or of any Arrears thereof, either during such Commitment or Imprisonment, or after the Discharge of such Offifcer, Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier, after Conviction, or otherwise, as shall appear to the Secretary at War, or if in Ireland to such Chief or Under Secretary as aforesaid, to be proper 5 and the Order of the Secretary at War, or such Chief or Under Secretary in Ireland* as the case may require, for the Payment of such Pay or Arrears, shall be a sufficient Discharge for such Payment.'

XXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any such General Courts Martial, by their Sentence 6r Judgment, to inflid Imprisonment, solitary or otherwise, or Corporal Punishment, not extending to Life or Limb, as such Court shall think fit, on any Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier for Immoralities, Misbehaviour, or Neglect of Duty, or to adjudge a Forfeiture of all Benefit or Advantage as to Increase of Pay, or as to Pension which might otherwise have accrued to such Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier from the Length or Nature of his Service: Provided always, that it shall not be lawful for any General Regimental Court Martial to award such Forfeiture of Benefit or Advantage as to Increase of Pay or as to Pension as aforesaid, except in cases of Desertion as before provided for.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in all Trials by General Courts Martial to be held by virtue of this Act, every Member assisting at such Trial, before any Proceedings be had thereupon, shall take the following Oaths upon the Holy Evangelitts, before the Judge Advocate, or his Deputy (who are hereby authorized to admipitter the fame); that is to say,

shall well and truly try and determine, according to your Evidence in the Matter now before you.

., 1 .So help you GOD.*

T .do swear, That I will duly administer Justice, according to the Rules and Articles for the

4 A better Government of His Majestys Forces, and according to an Act of Parliament now in force for the Punishment of Mutiny and Desertion, and other Crimes therein mentioned, without Partiality, Favour

me Affection; and if any Doubts shall arise, which is not explained by the said Articles, or Act of Parliament, according to my Confidence, the best of my Understanding, and the Cuttom of War in the hke Cases:

And 1 further swear. That I will not divulge the Sentence of the Court until it shall be approved by His Majesty, or by some Person duly authorized by Him; neither will I, upon any account, at any time

C 2 4 whatsoever*

Sentence of Transportadon in India, &c. to be notified hf the Officer commanding in Chief to some Judge of one of the Supreme' Courts, who shall mtke Order for f«ch Transportation.

Officers and Soldiers imprisoned upon a Charge of a Criminal*Offence, shall forfeit Right So Pay during their Confinement, &c.

Proviso for liberty to Secretary at War, H to issue Pay during imprisonment or after Discharge.

General Courts Mania! may inflict Corporal Punishment or Imprisonment, See. for Immoralities, &c.

Officers to be fworo.

Oaths to be taken by all Members of a General Court Martial.

The Judge Advocate to be fvrorn.

The Oath.

In Sentences of Death, what Number of Officers shall concur, &c.

Hours of Trial.

Witnesses attending Courts Martial to be privileged from Arrest.

Witnesses not attending liable to be attached.

Offenders be-.yond Sea, See. may be tried here, &c<

Licences may be granted for keeping Canteens, by two Justices, fee.

Persons who may apply for such Licences.

Wlut Articles Persons keeping Canteens may

C. 12. 57° GEORGII III. A.D. 1817.

what foe ver, disclose or discover the Vote or Opinion ofuiy particular Mendber of the Court Martial, unkf»

1 required to give Evidence thereof.as a Witness, by a Court of Justice or a Court Martial, in a due Course of 4 X*aw, 'So help me GOD.

And so soon as the said Oath shall have been administered'to the respective Members, the President of the Court is hereby authorized and required to administer to the Judge Advocate, or ^he Person officiating as such, an Oath, in the following Words:

1 do swear, That I will not upon any account, at any time whatsoever, disclose or dif-

c*cover the Vote or Opinion of any particular Member of tl* Court Martial, unless required to give Evi-

dence thereof, as a Witness, by a Court of Justice or aCourt Martial, in a due Course of Law.

'So help me GOD.

And no Sentence of Death.shall be given against any Offender in such Case by any General Court Martial, unless ^Jine Officers present shall concur therein; (except such General Court Martial shall he holden in any Place beyond the Seas, out of His Majesty's Dominions, or out of any of the Settlements belonging to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, or in Africa, or in New South Wales as aforesaid; ) and in all cases where* a Court Martial shall consist of more Officers than Thirteen, and also in any Place beyond the Seas out of His Majesty's Dominions, or out of any of the Settlements belonging to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, or in Africa and in New South Wales. as aforesaid, when the same shall consist of a lesser Number of Officers, then such Judgment shall pass by the Concurrence of Two thirds at the least of the Officers presentand no Proceeding or Trial shall be had upon any Offence, but between the Hours of Eight of the Clock in the Morning'and Three in the Afternoon, except in cases which require an immediate Example: Provided also, that all Witnesses duly summoned by the Judge Advocate, or the Person officiating as fuefc, shall, during their necessary Attendance in such Courts, and in going to and returning from the same, be privileged from Atreft in like manner as Witnesses attending any of His Majesty's Courts of Law are privileged; and that if any such Witness shall be unduly arrested, he shall be discharged from such Arrest by the Court out of-which the Writ or Process issued by which such Witness was arrested 5 or if the Court out of which the Writ ot Process issued be not fitting, then bf any Judge of the Court of King's Bench in London or in Dublin, or Court of Sessions in Scotland, or Courts of Law in the West Indies, according as the case shall require, upon its being-made appear to such Court or Judge, by affidavit in a summary Way, that such Witness was arrested in going to or returning from, or attending upon such Court Martial} and that all Witnesses so duly summoned as aforesaid, Vho mall not attend on such Courts, shall be liable to be attached in the Court of King's Bench in London or Dublin, or Court of Session or Sheriff's Depute or Steward's Depute, or their respective Substitufes, within their several Shires and Stewartrie8, in Scotland, or Courts of Law in the WAl Indies respectively, upon Complaint made to the said Courts of King's Bench, or Court of Session in Scotland, or Courts of Law in the West Indies, in like manner as if such Witness had neglected to attend on a Trial in any Criminal Proceeding in that Court.

XXXIX. Povided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Officer or Soldier, or any other Person subject to the Provisions of this Act shall in any of His Majesty's Dominions beyond the Seas, or elsewhere beyond the Seas, commit any of the Offences for which he may be liable to be tried by Courts Martial by virtue of this Act, and shall after the Commission of any such Offence go or be sent to any other Station or Part of His Majesty's -JJominions in the Course of Service abroad, or come or be brought into this Realm, or into Jerfsy, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark or Man, or the I (lands thereto belonging, before he be tried by a Court Martial for such Offence, such Officer or Soldier or other Person shall be tned^and punished for the fame at £ucKother Station or Part of His Majesty's Dominions, or within the Realm, or any such Island as aforesaid, as if the Offence had been committed where such Trial shall take place.

LII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Two Justices of the Peace, or any Two* Magistratesj within their respective Jurisdictions, to grant or transfer any Licence for selling Ale by Retail, or Cyder or Perry, to be drank or consumed in any House or Houses or premises where more Houses or Pre-mife8 than one shall be held together by- the same Person or Persons as a Canteen, or any Licence to sell Spirituous Liquors, or Strong Waters, or Wine or Liquor by Retail, to any Person or Persons applying for the fame, who shall hold any Canteen under any Lease thereof, or any Agreement or other Authority from any Two of the principal Officers of the Board of Ordnance, or from any Two of the late Commissioners for the Affairs of Barracks, or from the Comptroller or other proper Officer of the Barrack Department, without regard to the time of Year, or any Notices or Certificates Specified or required in relation to the applying for or granting any such Licences, any thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding; and it shall also be lawful for His Majesty's Commissioners of Excise in England, Ireland and Scotland respectively, or any Person appointed or employed by the said Commissioners in .England or Ireland respectively in that Behalf, or for any Collectors or Supervisors of Excise within their respective Districts, and they are hereby required to grant Licences for selling Beer or Ale by Retail, or Cyder or Perry* to be drank or consumed iq thfc Houses or Premises occupied aS a Canteen of the Person or Persons applying for such Licence* or any Licence to sell Spirituous Liquors or Strong Waters, or Wine or Liqudrs by Retail, to any such Person or Persons who shall hold any such Canteen under any such Licence or Transfer of any such Licence of any Justicf.or Magistrate as aforesaid; and it shall also be lawful for any Person or Persons holding any such Canteen under, any such Lease, Agreement, or Authority as* aforesaid, and having-such Licences as aforesaid# to keep such Canteen, and to utter and fell therein, and in the Premises thereto belonging, and not elsewhere, Victuals and all such exciseable Liquors as he and they shall be licensed and empowered to fell under the Au-

41 thority

A.D. 1817.

57° GEORG.II III.

C.

12.

*3

thority and Penniffion of any such Excise Licence as aforesaid, without being subject to any Penalty or Forfeiture; any thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXXI. And be it furthef enabled, That for the better and more regular Provision of Carriages for His For the prorid- Majesty's Forces in their Marches, or for their Arms, Clothes or Accoutrements in England, Ireland and ing Carriages for Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, all Justices of the Peace, within their several Counties, Forces Ridings, Divisioris, Shires, Liberties, and Precincts, being duly required thereunto by an Order from His !"

Majesty, or the General jof His Forces, or the Master General or Lieutenant General of His Majesty's Ord- Ireland, nance, if in England, Wales or Berwick upon Tweed, or by an Order from the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, or from the Officer commanding His Majesty's Forces in Ireland, or other Person duly authorized'in that Behalf, shall, as often as such Order is brought and shewn unto One or more of such Justices by the Qifcrtermaster, Adjutant, or other Officer or Non Commissioned Officer of the Regiment, Detachment, Troop or Company so ordered to march, issue out his or their Warrant or Warrants to the Condables or Petty Constables of, or to any Condable or jConstables acting or having Authority to act in the Division, Riding, City, Liberty, .Hundred and Precind, from, through, near or to which such Regiment, Detachment, Troop or Company shall be ordered to march; requiring them to make such Provision of Carriages, and Horses or Oxen, with able Men to drive, the fame, as i6 mentioned in the said Warrant, allowing them sufficient time to do the fame, that the neighbouring Parts may not always bear the Burthen; and specifying in such Warrants the Place or Places from and to which the said Warrants to (fe-Camages shall, by virtue of such Orders as aforesaid, be required to travel, also specifying the Number of cify the Places Miles between the Places, for which Number of Miles only lo specified Constables or Petty Constables .are* froi5, authorized to demand Payment, which shall not exceed the Day's March of the Troops, as prescribed in the Order produced to the Magistrate, unlef6 in case of pressing Emergency or Necessity, and shall in no case what- Number

ever exceed Twenty-five Miles from the Place at which the March shall commence; and in case sufficient of JVfil*»&c. Carriages cannot be provided within any such Liberty, Division or Precinct, then the Justice or Justices of the Peace of the next adjoining County, Riding or Division shall, upon such Order as aforesaid being brought or shewn to One or more of them by any of the Officers aforesaid, issue his or their Warrant to the Constables or Petty Constables of such next County, Riding, Liberty, Division Or Precinct, as shall be most convenient for the Purposes aforesaid, according to their respective Jurisdictions, to make up such Deficiency; and the Sums for Hire aforesaid Officer ofr Officers, who, by virtue of the aforesaid Warrant from the Justices of the Peace, are to de- to he paid in mand the^Carriage or Carriages therein mentioned of the Constable or Petty Constable to whom the Warrant is

directed, is and are hereby required at^the same time toq>ay down in Hand to the said Constable or Petty Con- me me* liable, for the Use of the Person who shall provide such Carriages and Men, the Sums herein after mentioned respectively, for which respective Sums so received the said Constable or Petty Constable is hereby required to give a Receipt in Writing (which Receipt need not be stamped) to the Person or Persons paying the fame; and such Constable or Petty Constable shall order and appoint such Prison or Persons having Carriages within their respective Liberties, as they shall think proper, to provide and furnish such Carriages and Horses and Oxen and Men, according to the Warrant aforesaid, who are hereby required to provide and furnish the fame accordingly; and no Person owning or driving, or causing to be diiven any such Waggon, Wain, Cart or No Penalty or other Carriage' shall be subject to any Penalty or Forfeiture, nor shall any such Waggon, Wain, Cart or other Detention on ac-Carriage be (topped or detained by rpafon of any Weight in any such Waggon, Wain, Cart or other Carriage^ count of Weight, or of being drawn by any Number of Horses or Oxen; but it shall be lawful for ^ny Owner of jmy such Waggon, Wain Cart or other Carriage, to put any additional Number of Horses or Oxen to those prescribed or paid for under this Act; any thingrin any Act or Acts of Parliament relating to Highways or Turnpike Roads, or any particular Highway or Road, to the contrary notwithstanding mr and if any Military Officer or officers forcing Officers, for the Use of whose Regiment, Detachment, Troop or Company the.Carriage was provided, shall Waggons to force and constrain any Waggon, Wain, Cart or Carriage to travel beyond the Distance specified in the Ma- travel more than gistrate's Warrant, or shall not discharge the fame in due time for their return HQme on the same Day, if it Be ^rrwt^peci-practicable, or shall suffer any Soldier or Servant (except such as are sick), or any Woman to ride in the fies> or not dif_ Waggon, Wain, Cart, or Carriage aforesaid; or shall force any Constable or Petty Constable, by threatening charging in due or menacing Words, to provide Saddle Horses for themselves or Servants, or shall force Horses from the time, or forcing Owners, by themselves, Servants or Soldiers, every such Officer for every such Offence shall forfeit the Sum ConftaWes, &c. of Five Pounds, Proof thereof being made upon Oath before Two of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace of s^Jdu^Horses the same County or Riding, who are to certify the same to the Secretary of War in England, or if in Ireland &c>

to the Chief Secretary, or in his Absence the Under Secretary for the Military Department, who is hereby penalty 5l. authorized and required to give Orders for the Payment of the aforesaid Sum of Five Pounds, according to the Order and Appointment under the Hands and Seals of the aforesaid Justices of the Peace of the same County or Riding, and for deducing the fame out of such Officer's Pay.

LXXV. And Whereas it may sometimes become necessary, in cases of Emergency, to provide proper dnd in cases of Hmer-

speedy Means for the Carriage and Conveyance, not only of the Arms, Clothes, Accoutrements, Tents, Bag- gency Justices

gage and other Equipage of and belonging to His Majesty's Forces in their Marches, but also of the Officers, may be required

Soldiers, Servants, Women, Children and other Persons of and belonging to such Forces: And Whereas it is

expedient that Provisions should be made for enforcing prompt Obedience to such Orders as His Majesty or ing Sad(j|J

the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor in Ireland may in such cases think fit to issue, in pursuance of Horses and Four the Powers by Law vested in him for the Advancement of the general Good and public Welfare of the wheeled CarRealm Be it therefore further enabled, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, or such Lord Lieutenant orct to Chief Governor or Governors in Ireland, by His or their Order, distinctly dating that such case of Emergency v^j*n ° doth exist, signified by the Secretary at War, or if in Iceland, by the Chief Secretary, or in his Absence by the

Under

C. 12.

57° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1817.

Officer* deminding them, to (>*7 in hand for their Hire such Sums as the Justices shall 4ired.

Con A able to give a Receipt with, out Stamp, and to order the Horses, &c. to he provided.

Military Officers may convey on them Arms, Clothes, Accoutrements, Baggage, Equipage, and also the Officers, Soldiers, Servants, Women, Children and other Persons.*Officers forcing Horses, &c. to travel beyond the Distance specified in War* rant without Licence.

Penalty 5L

Number of Carriages for each Troop in Ireland to be regulated by the Lord lieutenant.

Under Secretary for |fre Military Department for the time being, to any General or Field Officer command* injg His Majesty's Forces in any District or Place, or to the Agent for the Supply of Stoces and Provisions at Home, or rerson acting in that Capacity, to authorize such General or Field Officers or Agent as aforesaid or Person'aforesaid, by Writing under his Hand, reciting such Order of His said Majesty, or Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor aforesaid, to require all Justices of the Peace within their several Counties, Ridings, Divisions, Cities, Liberties and Precincts in England, Ireland, Wales and T°wn of Berwick upon Tweed, to issue his or their Warrant or Warrants for any of the Purposes herein after mentioned 5 and such Justice or Justices shall, when'jsmd as often as* such Requisition in Writing as last mentioned shall be brought and shewn unto any One or more of such Justices, by the Quarter Master, Adjutant or other Officer of the Regiment, Detachment, Troop or Company so ordered to be conveyed, or by any Officer in the Commissiariat Department, to issue out his or their Warrant or Warrants to the Constables or Petty Constables of the County, Division, Riding, City, Liberty, Hundred and Precin&, from, through, near or to which such Regiment, Detachment, Troop or Company shall be so ordered to be conveyed, requiring them to make such Provision, not only of Waggons, Wains, Carts and Cars kept by or belonging to any Person or Persons, and for any Use or Purpose whatsoever, but also of Saddle Horses, Coaches, Chaises, and other Four wheeled Carriages usually let to Hire, or kept for that Purpose; and also of Boats, Barges, and other Vessels used for the Carriage of Coals, Stone, Lime, Manure, or of Goods, Wares or Merchandizes, or any other Articles or Commodity whatsoever, upon any Canal or navigable River, with able Men and Horses to drive, navigate, and draw the fame, as shall be mentioned in the said Warrant or Warrants, therein specifying the Place or Distance to which such Horses, Carriages, Boats, Barges, or other Vessels and Men shall go and be conveyed, and allowing such Constables sufficient time to make such Provision, that the neighbouring Parts may not always b-ar the Burtlien; and in case such sufficient Carriages, Horses, Boats, Barges, or other Vessels and Men cannot be provided within any such County, Riding, Division, Hundred, City, Liberty or PrecinA, then the next Justice or Justices of the Peace of the next County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty br Precinct shall, upon such Requisition in Writing as last aforesaid being brought or shewn to any One or more of them, by any of the Officers aforesaid, issue his or their Warrant or Warrants to the Constables or Petty Constables of such next County, Riding, City, Liberty, Division, Hundred or Precinct, for the Purposes last aforesaid, to make up such Deficiency; and the aforesaid Officer or Officers who, by virtue of the aforesaid Warrant or Warrants from the Justice or Justices of the Peace, are to demand the Carriages, Horses, Boats, Barges or other Vessels therein mentioned, <of the Constable or Petty Constable to whom the said Warrant or Warrants shall be directed, is and are hereby required at the same time to pay down in hand to the said Constable or Petty Constable, for the Use of the Person or Persons who shall provide such Carriages, Horse^ Boats, tiarges or other Vessels, and Men, such reasonable Sum and Sums of Money as the said Justice or Justices shall in and by his or their said Warrant or Warrants order and direct, not exceeding the usual Rate and Hire of such and the like Carriages, Horses, Boats, Barges or other Vessels, and Men, according to the Length of the Journey Or Voyage in each particular case, but making no Allowance for Post Horse Duty, or Turnpike, Canal, River or Lock Tolls (which Duty or Tolls are hereby declared not to be demaridable or payable in such and the like cases, for any such Carriages, Horses, Boats, Barges and other Vessels, whilst employed in such Service, or returning therefrom); for which said respective Sum and Sums so received, the said Constable-or Petty Constable iq hereby required to give a Receipt in Writing (but without any Stamp) to the Person or Persons paying the fame; and such Constable or Petty Constable shall order and appoint such Person or Persons having such Horses, Carriages, Boats, Barges or other Vessels, and Men, within their respective Liberties, as they shall think proper, to provide and furnish such Horses, Carriages, Boats, Barges or other Vessels, and Men, according to the Warrant or Warrants aforesaid, who are hereby required to provide add furnish the fame accordingly; and it shall and may be lawful in such cases, to and for all and every Military Officer and Officers, for the Use of whom, or of whose Regiment, Detachment, Troop or Company, such Horses, Carriages, Boats, Barges or other Vessels shall be provided, in such cases to carry and convey, and permit to be carried and conveyed, on the fame respectively, not only the Arms, Clothes, Accoutrements, Baggage, Tents, and other Equipage of such Regiment, Detachment, Troop or Company, but also the Officers, Soldiers, Servants, Women, Children and other Persons of and belonging to the fame, any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding; but if any such Officer or Officers shall force and constrain any Horse, Carriage, Boat, Barge or other Vessel to travel or proceed be- yond the Distance or Place to be allowed and specified in such Warrant or Warrants, without the special Licence or Order of One or more other such Justice or Justices of the Peace in that Behalf, and which Licence or Order One or more of such Justices is and are hereby authorized and required to give and make at his and their reasonable. Discretion, every such Officer for every such Offence shall forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds, Proof thereof being made upon Oath before Two of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace of the fatne County, or Riding, Division, City, Liberty or PrecinA, who are to certify the same to the Secretary at War, or if irf Ireland to the Chief Secretary, or in his Absence the Under Secretary for the Military Department, who is hereby authorized and required to give Order for Payment of the aforesaid Sum of Five Pounds, according to the Order and Appointment under the Hands and Seals of the aforesaid Justices of the Peace of the same County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty or Precinct, and for deducting the fame out of such Officer's Pay.

LXXX. And be it further enacted, That the Number of Carriages to be allowed each Troop or Company in Ireland, shall be from time to time regulated by Order of the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, in Proportion to the Establishment of fuqh Troop or Company; and the Sums ordered to be advanced as aforesaid, for the Payment of the Carriage of Baggage by the Officer or Officers respectively, shall be to, them repaid by the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, without Fee or Reward, on Oath made by such Officer or Officers before one of His Majesty's Justices

?t of

of the Peace, or Chief Magistrate of any Cify or Corporate Town, of his or their Payment of such Sum or Sums for Carriages as aforesaid, and an Account of the fame being produced by the Agent of the Regiment, which Account shall have been certified by the Quarter Matter General to be charged conformably to the Orders of the Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, and the Regulations prescribeti by this Act., 1.

CXIX. And Whereof Soldiers absent from their Regiments on furlough granted to them by their Certain Officer* 4 Commanding Officers are sometimes prevented by Sickness.or other unavoidable Casualty from returning and Justice* may to their Duty before the Expiration of the time limited by such Furlough, and Doubts'have arisen whether f^of Furiouah in such cases the Extension of a Soldier's Furlough by a Justice of the Peace be sanctioned by legal to any Non- '

Authority and effectual for preventing such Soldier from being apprehei\ded upon Suspicion of his having Commissioned

deserted his Regiment f Be it further enacted, That any Inspecting Field Officer Rationed on the Re- Officer or Soldier

cruiting Service, or any Officer of the Rank of Captain, or of superior Rank, or any Adjutant of the Regular Militia, Rationed within the District, or in case there be no such Officer'as aforesaid within a Convenient oTsidwelTa*

Pittance, any Justice of the Peace .may, and is hereby authorized to grant, in Writing under <his Hand, an on Certificate.

Extension of Furlough to any Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier applying for the fame on account of

Sickness or other Casualty, which shall on due Enquiry appear to render such Extension necessary; and that every such Officer or Justice of the Peace, who mail grant to any Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier an

Extension of Furlough as aforesaid, shall immediately certify the fame, with the Cause of its being so granted

to the Officer commanding the Corps, Depot or Detachment to which the Man belongs, if known, if pot,

then to the Agent of the Regiment, in order that the Proportion of Pay, to which the Man shall be entitled,

ihav be remitted to him according to the Rules established jn that respect.

CXX. And be it further enacted, That such Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier, during the Period to Non' Con\mif-which his Furlough shall have been so extended as aforesaid, shall not be liable to be apprehended or other- fi00?1 Officer wife molested on the ground of his having deserted the Regiment to which he shall appear by his Furlough to belong, or of criminally absenting himieif from the same: Provided always, that nothing in this Act con- havebrtn ex-tained shall be construed to exempt any Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier, whose Furlough shall have tended, shall pot been so extended as aforesaid, from being proceeded against and punished according to the Provisions of be liable to be this Act, should it thereafter appear that such Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier had obtained the Ex- apprehended a* tension of his Furlough by false Rejfrefentation made to such Officer or Justice of the Peace as aforesaid, or aDcfcrUr» in applying for and obtaining the fame had committed any Offence to the Prejudice of good Order and Military Discipfine: Provided also, that no such Furlough shall be extended by any such Officer or Justice of Proviso at to the Peace as aforesaid for any longer Period than One Month, unless with the Approbation of the General

or other Officer commanding in the District where such Soldier shall be, or of the Officer commanding the te on'

Corps, Depot or Detachment to which the Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier shall belong.

CXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That from and after the gaffing of this Act the Proviso as to Subsistence of Men on Furlough shall be issued according to the Rules which h$ve been or shall be prescribed Subsistence of by His Majesty's Regulations.

CXXIV. And be it further enacted, That from the passing of this Act jio Soldier being arrested or con- Soldierswhile fined for Debt in any Prison, Gaol or other Place, shall be entitled to any rart of his Pay from the Day of confined for Debt such Arrest or Confinement until the Day of his Return to the Regiment, Troop, Company or Detachment not entitled to to which he shall belong, or shall be ordered to join. Pay.

C. 12. 15

SCHEDULE (N.)

DESCRIPTION RETURN of committed to Confinement at.on the

Day of as a Deserter from the Battalion of the Regiment of

1 f Age. Size. Complexion. Colour of Marks Probable Date of Inlistment, and in what District. Probable Date of.Desertion, and from whence. Name, Occupation and Ad-dre(s of Person by whom ap. prehended. Reasons for fuf-petting the Prisoner to be a Deserter.

Feet. Inches. Hair. Eyes.

1 1' '

I do hereby certify that the Prisoner has been duly examined before me, as to the Circumstances herein stated, and has declared in my Presence that he a Deserter from the

before-mentioned Corps.

« - Signature and Address

of Magistrate. :

- 111 Signature of Prisoner.

Signature of Informant.

Enquiry* having been made as to the Prisoner's Health, it has been reported to me that he in a fit state to be removed.

- Signature of Magistrate.

If any Military Medical Officer be at or near the Place, he vrill inspect the Deserter, and report as to his Fitness for Military Service*

C.

c.

57° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1817.

After March 15, 1817, every Marine Officer, Non Commi ffioned Officer and Private Man,

who shall mu-tiny or desert, See.

or lift in any other Regiment, Set.

or shall Be found sleeping on or shall desert his Post, tec.

or shall (hike or disobey his Su. perior Officer; to fuifer Death, or such PUnith-ment as a Court Martial shall

CAP. XIII.

An Act for the regulating of His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces-while on Shore.

[>1st March 1817.]

WHEREAS it may be necessary, for the Safety of the United Kingdom, and the Defence of the

Po(Tession8 of the Crowli of Great Britain anti Ireland, that a Body of Royal Marine Forces should be employed In His Majesty's Fleet and Naval Service, under the Direction of the Lord High Admiral or Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland: And Whereas the said Royal Marine Forces may frequently be quartered on Store,

'* --- Majesty

'Iis Ma-

- Duty,

that an exact discipline beobserved; and that Marines who shall mutiny Or stir up Sedition, or shall desert His Majesty's Service, be brought to a more exemplary and speedy Puriiffiment than the Law*will allow Be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, if any Person being entered or in Pay as an Officer of Royal Marines, or who is or shall be listed or in Pay as a Non Commissioned Officer or Private Man In any Division of Royal Marines in His Majesty's Service, and on the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, shall remain in such Service* or during the Continuance of this Act shall be voluntarily entered and in pay as a Marine Officer or Private Man'in His Majesty's Service, and being ordered or employed in such Service at any time during the Continuance of this Act, on Shore in any Place within the said Kingcom, or in any other of His Majesty's Dominions, or in Foreign Parts, or on board any Transport Ship or Merchant Ship or Vessel, shall begin, excite, .cause or join in any Mutiny or Sedition in the Company to which he doth or shall belong, or in any other Company, Troop or Regiment, either of Marine or Land Forces, in His Majesty's Service 5 or shall not use his utmost Endeavours to supprefa the fame, or coming to the Knowledge of any such Mutiny or intended Mutiny, shall not, without Delay, give information thereof to His Commanding Officer; or shall desert His Majesty's Service 5 or being actually entered as a Marine in any Company, shall lift himself in any other Company, Troop or Regiment, or enter as a Seaman in His Majesty's Service, without first having a Discharge in Writing from the Officer commanding in Chief the Company in which he last served as a Marine, in which case he shall be reputed a Desertef; or shall be found sleeping upon his Post; or shall leave it before relieved; or shall hold Correspondence with any Rebel or Enemy of His Majesty, or give them Adviee or Intelligence of any Kind, by any ways or means, or in any manner whatsoever; or shall treat with such Rebels or Enemies, or enter into any Condition with them, without His Majesty's Licence, or Licence of the Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or Three or more of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for the time being; or shall strike or use any violence against his Superior Officer being in the Execution of his Office; or shall difohey any lawful command of his Superior Officer; all and every Person and Persons so offending in any or either of the Matters before mentioned on Shore, in any Part of this Kingdom, or in any other of His Majesty's Dominions, or in Foreign Parts, or on board any Transport Ship or Merchant Ship or Vessel, shall suffer Death, or such other Punishment as by a Court Martial shall be inflicted.

[Thu Ad is the fame at 56 G. 3. c. 11. except as to Dates, fjc. and the Section that is retained

CAP. XIV.

An Act to indemnify such Persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and for extending the time limited for those purposes respectively, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eighteen; and to permit such^ Persons in Great Britain as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures* of Clerks to Attornies aiuHSolicitOrs to make and file the fame on or before the First Day of Hilary Term One thousand eight hundred and eighteen.

[21st March 1817.]

[This Att is the same as 56 G. 3. c. 33. except as to Dates.]

CAP. XV.

An Act to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, an Act of the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty, for granting an additional Bounty on the Exportation of the Silk Manufactures of Great Britain.

[21st Alcirch 1817.]

46 G. 3. c. no. 4*YT7 HERE'AS it is expedient that an Act made in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, continued. t \\ intituled An Act for granting, during the Continuance of the present War and until Six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, an additional Bounty on the Exportation of the Silk Manufactures of Great Britain; which was continued by an Act of the last Session. of Parliament ntil the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, should be further continued; Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That

the

A.D. 1817.

57° GEORGII III. C. ix8f#

17

the said Act of the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign shall be further continued until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eighteen.

II. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, amended or repealed by any Act or Act* to Act may be be passed in this present Session of Parliament..&C*

CAP. XVI.

An Act for raising the Sum of Eighteen Millions, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and seventeen..[29th March 1817.]

" TREASURY may raise i8, oooo, Oool. by Exchequer Bills, In manner prescribed by 48 G. 3. c.i. — j I.

" The Clauses, &c. in recited Act extended to this Act. $ 2. Treasury to apply the Money raised. §3.

M Exchequer Bills payable out of Supplies for next Session. §4. Interest not exceeding 3|d. ter Cent, per " Diem. $5. Exchequer Bills to be current at the Exchequer after April 5, 1818.--$ 6* Bank of England M may advance 12, oooo, ooool. on Credit of Act, notwithstanding 5 & 6 W. & M. c. 20. — f 7. Act may be altered,

amended or repealed this Session. f 8.

CAP. ' XVII.

An Act to repeal, during the Continuance of Peace, so much of an Act of the Ninth Year of His present Majesty as prohibits the Exportation of Pig and Bar Iron, and certain Naval Stores, unless the Preemption thereof be offered to the Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy.

[29*h March 1817.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Ninth Year' o f the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled An Act9Cr.jc. 35. §3.*V V for discontinuing upon the Exportation of Iron imported in Foreign Ships, the Drawback of such Fart

4 of the Duties payable thereon as exceeds the Duties payable upon Iron imported, in British Ships; to prohibit the x Exportation of Pig and Bar Iron9 and certain Naval Stores, unless the Preemption thereof be offered to the Com-

rnent of an Act made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, fir preventing Frauds and % Abuses in relation to the sending and receiving Letters and Packets free from, the Duty of Pofage; and to explain and amend the said Act; it is amongst other Things enacted, that the Preemption or Refusal of all Pig and x Bar Iron, Mails, Yards, Bowsprits, Tar, Pitch, Turpentine, Hemp, rough and undrpfled Flax, and Tow,

shall be offered and tendered to the Commissioners of His Majesty^ Navy } and that such Goods shall not be exported, or entered or laden on board for Exportation, before such Tender, or before a Certificate of such

Tender and Refual, shall be produced and delivered to the Officer of the Customs, under the Penalties and

Forfeitures therein mentioned: And Whereas it appears no longer necessary to provide, in time of Peace, a 4 Supply of Naval Stores for the public Use by such Restraint on Exportation Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, So much of tond Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after t^pr*S the passing of this Act, and during the Continuance of Peace, so much of the said Act as relates to such caption?re*" Tender and Refusal of Preemption shall be and the fame is hereby repealed. pealed.

CAP. XVIII.

An Act to facilitate the hearing and determining of Suits in Equity in His Majesty's Court of Exchequer at Westminster.

[29th March 1817.]

WHEREAS the Proceedings on the Common Law Side of the Court of Exchequer have of late Years

greatly increased, by reaton whereof a sufficient Proportion of time cannot be allotted for hearing and determining Suits in Equity in the said Court: And Whereas the Businessof that Court might be more easily dispatched if the Lord Chief Baron, or One other of the Barons of the Degree of the Coif, were duly

authorized to hear and determine Suits and Proceedings on the Equity Side thereof, as Is herein after enacted Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the .Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act the Lord Chief Baron of the said Court for the time being shall have Power to hear and determine all Causes, Matters and Things which shall be at any time de* pending in the said Court of Exchequer as a Court of Equity; and that if the said Lord Chief Baron shall by Sickness, or other unavoidable Cause, be prevented from fitting for the Purposes aforesaid, then it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty and His Successors to nominate and appoint from time to time, by Warrant under the Royal Sign Manual, revocable at Pleasure, any one other of the Barons of the Degree of the Coif of the said Court for the time being to hear and determine such Causes, Matters and Things.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Lord Chief Baron, or the Baron so to be appointed shall fit at such times as the Lord Chief Baron and such Baron shall respectively, with regard to Matters to be heard before them respectively, appoint, and whether the rest of the Barons of the said Court shall be fitting or not; and that all Decrees, Orders, and Acts of the said Lord Chief Baron, or of such Baron so appointed as aforesaid, shall be deemed and taken to be respectively, as the Nature of the Case shall require. Decrees, Orders and Acts of the said Court of Exchequer, and shall have Force and Validity 57 Geo. III. D and

The Lord Chief Baron empowered to determine Suits in Equity. If hindered, the King may appoint one other of the Barons.

To fit as the Lord Chief Baron, &c. shall

appoint.

Decrees to have full Force; iuhject to .Ap-

ptal to Houfo of Lords.

Lord Chief Baron or Baron may oo Petition rehoar Cause*, &c.

Meetings of more tbao Fifty Periods, (except County Meet-kip, &c. as herein mentioned, )

not to be holden without Notice being given in ioine Newspaper signed by Seven Housekeepers at the load.

Such Authority itgned to be written at the Foot of a true Copy of Notice, & c.

Infecting such Notice without Authority, See.

Penalty 50l.

Notice may be given to Clerk of the Peace, who frail fend a Copy to Three Justices at the lead.

C. 18, 19* 57° GEORGII III. A.D. 1817.

and be executed accordingly; subject only to be reversed, discharged or altered by the House of Lords, upon Appeal thereto, and as herein after mentioned.

III. Provided that it shall and may be lawful for the said Lord Chief Baron, upon Petition by any of the Parties concerned, to rehear any Cause or Matter before decided, ordered, adjudged or decreed by such Lord Chief Baron, or by any other Baron appointed as aforesaid; and also for any Baron appointed as aforesaid, upon such Petition as aforesaid, to rehear any Cause or Matter before decided, ordered, adjudged or decreed by him the fame Baron, and respectively thereupon to make such Order as may be just.

CAP. XIX.

An Act for the more effectually preventing Seditious Meetings and Assemblies.

[31st March 1817.]

WHEREAS Assemblies of divers Persons, coUeded for the Purpose or under the Pretext of delibeW rating on public Grievances, and of agreeing on Petitions, Complaints, Remonstrances, Declarations

or other Addresses to His Royal Highness The Prince Regent, or to both Houses or either House of

Parliament, have of late been made use of to serve the Ends of factious and seditious Persons, to the great

Danger and Disturbance of the Public Peace, have produced Acts of Riot, Tumult and Disorder, and may become the Means of producing Confusion and Calamities in the Nation ; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That no Meeting of any Description of Persons exceeding the Number of Fifty Persons, (other than and except any Meeting of any County, Riding or Division, called by the Lord Lieutenant, Custos Rotulorum, or Sheriff of such County, or a Meeting called by the Convener of any County or Stewartry in that Part of Great Britain, called Scotland, or any Meeting called by Two or more Justices of the Peace of the County or Place where such Meeting shall be holden, or any Meeting of any County having different Ridings or Divisions, called by any Two Justices of any One or more of such Ridings or Divisions, or any Meeting called by the major Part of the Grand Jury of the County, or of the Division of the County where such Meeting shall be holden, at their General Assizes or General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, or any Meeting of any City or Borough or Town Corporate, called by the Mayor or other Head Officer of such City or Borough or Town Corporate, or any Meeting of any Ward or DivisiQn of any City, called by the Alderman or other Head Officer of such Ward or Division, or any Meeting of any Corporate Body), shall be holden for the Purpose or on the Pretext of considering of or- preparing any Petition, Complaint, Remonstrance or Declaration, or other Address to The King, or to His Royal Hignness The Prince Regent, or to both Houses or either House of Parliament, for Alteration of Matters established in Church or State, or for the Purpose or on the Pretext of deliberating upon any Grievance in Church or State, unless Notice of the Intention to hold such Meeting, and of the time and Place when and where the same shall be proposed to be holden, and of the Purpose for which the same shall be proposed to be holden, shall be given, in the Names of Seven Persons at the least, being Householders resident within the County, City or Place where such Meeting shall be proposed to be holden, whose Places of Abode and Descriptions shall be inserted in such Notice, and which Notice shall be given by public Advertisement in some public Newspaper usually circulated in the County and Division where such Meeting shall be holden, Five Days at the least before such Meeting shall be holden, or shall be delivered in manner herein after mentioned; and that such Notice shall not be inserted in any such Newspaper unless the Authority to insert such Notice shall be signed by Seven Persons at the least, being Householders resident within the County, City or Place where such Meeting shall be proposed to be holden, and named in such Notice, and unless such Authority so signed shall be written at the Foot of a true Copy of such Notice, and shall be delivered to the Person required to insert the fame in any such Newspaper as aforesaid, which Person shall cause such Notice and Authority to be carefully prefer ved, and shall also at anytime after such Notice shall have been inserted in such Paper, and within Fourteen Days after the Day on which such Meeting shall be had, produce such Notice and Authority, and cause a true Copy thereof (if required) to be delivered to any Justice of the Peace for the County, City, Town or Place where such Person shall reside, or where such Newspaper shall be printed, and who shall require the fame; and in case any Person shall insert any such Notice in any Newspaper without such Authority as aforesaid, or in case any Person to whom any such Notice and Authority shall have been delivered for the Purpose of inferring such Notice in any such Newspaper as aforesaid shall refuse to produce such Notice and Authority, or to deliver a true Copy thereof, being thereunto required as aforesaid, within Three Days after such Production and Copy or either of them shall have been so required, every such Person, for every such Offence, shall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person who shall sue for the same.

II. Provided always nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful to deliver any such Notice as aforesaid, signed by the Seven Persons in whose Names such Notice shall be given, with their Places of Abode and Description, Five Days at the least before the Day on which such Meeting shall be holden, to the Clerk of the Peace of the County, Riding or Division, within which such Meeting shall be proposed to be holden; and such Notice so given by such Means as aforesaid shall be a6 effectual to all Intents and PurposeB as if the fame had been given by Public Advertisement inserted in any such Newspaper as aforesaid; and such Clerk of the Peace shall forthwith and without Delay, fend a true Copy of such Notice, with such Signatures and Additions as aforesaid, to Three Justices of the Peace at the least, of such County, Riding, or Division, or in case the Justices of the Peace of the City, Borough or Town where such Meeting shall be proposed to be holden, shall have exclusive Jurisdiction, then to Three of such Justices, if so many shall

10 then

A.D. 1817» 57° GEORGII

then be resident within such Jurisdiction, and if not, then to so within such exclusive Jurisdiction.

III. And be it further enacted, That all Meetings of any Description of Persons, exceeding the Number Meetings with-of Fifty Persons, other than and except as aforesaid, which shall be holden without such previous Notice as out Notice to be aforesaid, for the Purpose or on the Pretext of conGdering of of preparing any Petition, Complaint, Remon-

strance, Declaration or other Address to The King, or Prince Regent, or both Houses or either House of A em Parliament, for Alteration of Matters established in Church or State, or for the Purpose or on the Pretext of deliberating on any Grievance in Church or State, shall be deemed and taken to be unlawful Assemblies.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful to adjourn any Meeting that shall be holden Respecting Ad-under and by virtue of such previous Notice, to any time after the Day speciGed in such Notice, for holding ^rnmenu such Meeting, or to any other Place than that at which such Meeting shall be first holden in pursuance of Meet, DSs> &c* such previous Notice; and that any Meeting of any Description of Persons, exceeding the Number of Fifty

Persons (except as aforesaid), which shall be holden by way of or under Pretence of being an Adjourned Meeting, for the Purpose of or on the Pretext of conGdering of or preparing any Petition, Complaint, Re-monftrance, Declaration or other Address to The King, or Prince Regent, or both Houses or either House of Parliament, for Alteration of Matters established m Chfirch or State, or for the Purpose or on the Pretext of deliberating on any Grievance in Church or State, shall be deemed and taken to be an* unlawful Assembly.

V. And be it further enacted, That if any Persons exceeding the Number of Fifty shall be assembled con- AflemWing contrary to the Provisions hereinbefore contained, it shall and may be lawful for aay One or more Justice or

Ju ftices of the Peace, or the Sheriff of the County in which such Assembly shall be, or his Under Sheriff, or oneHour ifter the Mayor or other Head Officer or Justice of the Peace or Magistrate of any City or Town Corporate where being required so such Assembly shall be, by Proclamation to be made in The King's Name, in the Form herein after directed, to do by Pro-and he and they are hereby required to make or cause to be made Proclamation in the King's Name, to com- citation to the mand all Persons there assembled to disperse themselves, and peaceably to depart to their Habitations, or to Xwelveotmore, their lawful Business; and if any such Persons shall, to the Number of Twelve or more, notwithstanding such w

Proclamation made, remain or continue together by the Space of One Hour after such Proclamation made, that then such continuing together to the Number of Twelve or more shall be adjudged Felony without Benefit of Clergy, and the Offenders therein shall be adjudged Felons, and shall suffer Death as in cases of Felony Death, without Benefit of Clergy..,

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Order and Form of the Proclamation to be made as aforesaid, Form of Pro-shall be as hereafter followeth 5 (that is to say, ) the Justice of the Peace, or other Person, or One of the cknuuon. Justices of Peace, or One of the other Persons authorized by this Act to make the said Proclamation, shall,

among the said Persons assembled, or as near to them as he can safely come, with a loud Voice, command or cause to be commanded Silence to be while Proclamation is making; and after that shall openly and with loud Voice make or cause to be made Proclamation in these Words, or like in Effect:

" Our Sovereign Lord the King chargeth and commandeth all Persons here assembled immediately to disperse themselves, and peaceably to depart to their Habitations or to their lawful Business, upon Pain of Death.

" GOD SAVE THE KIN&!"

VII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Meeting shall be holden in pursuance of any such Notice Meetings held in as aforesaid, and such Notice, or any Matter which shall be in such Notice proposed to be propounded or de- pursuance of liberated upon at such Meeting shall express or purport that any matter or thing by law establdhed may be Notice, where altered, other wise than by the Authority of The King, Lords and Commorre, in Parliament assembled, or certain Pertk^ such Notice, or any matter therein contained, shall tend to incite or stir up the People to Hatred or Con- |irs herein men-tempt of the Person of His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, or of the Government and Constitution of this tioned, to be dif-Realm as by Law established, it shall be lawful for One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace, or the perfect by Pro-Sheriff of the County where such Meeting shall be, or his Under Sheriff, or for the Mayor or other Head riamation. Officer, or any Justice of the Peace or Magistrate of any City or Town Corporate where any such Meeting shall be, by Proclamation in The King's Name, in the manner and Form hereinbefore set forth, to command the Persons there assembled to disperse themselves, and peaceably to depart to their Habitations, or to their lawful Business; and if any Persons, to the Number of Twelve or more, being so commanded by Pro- C

clamation made, to disperse themselves and peaceably to depart to their Habitations or to their lawful Bufi- Twelve or more, ness, shall, to the Number of Twelve or more, notwithstanding such Proclamation made, remain or continue not dispersing together by the Space of One Hour after such Proclamation made, that then such continuing together, to the within one Hour Number of Twelve or more, shall be adjudged Felony without Benefit of Clergy, and the Offenders therein a.fter P*0*1*-shall be adjudged Felons, and shall suffer Death as in cases of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy. Death*

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace, or the Sheriff obstructin Juf-or Under Sheriff of the County, present at any Meeting therein requiring such Notice as aforesaid, or the ticesl&con tak-Mayor or other Head Officer, or Justice of the Peace or Magistrate of any City or Town Corporate, present ing offenders

at any Meeting therein requiring such Notice as aforesaid, shall fee Cause to order, and shall order any Person into Custody, or Persons who shall at such Meeting proceed to propound or maintain any Proposition for altering any thing by Law established, otherwise than by the Authority of The King, Lords and Commons, in Parliament assembled, or shall wilfully and advisedly make any Proposition, or bold any Discourse for the Purpose of inciting and stirring of the People to Hatred or Contempt of the Person of His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, or the Government and Constitution of this Realm as by Law established, to be taken into Custody


III. C. 19. 19

many of such Justices as shall be resident

and Proclamation ii aforesaid being thereupon made, and Personstothe Number of T wtive or mere remaining longer than One Hour,

Death.

Power to Juf-licet to resort to Assemblies, and require A35ft aitce of Civil Power.

Persons not dispersing within One Hour to be apprehended and proceeded against.

Justices, &c. indemnified in case of killing or maiming.

Period acbftrutf. ing Justicei, &c.

Death.

Persons so assembled, to whom Proclamation, if not ob-ftru£ted, would hive been made, knowingly remaining, Death. Such Persons obllrlifting Justice6, Sec.

Death.

C. 9. 57° GEORGII III. A.D. 1817.

to be desk with according to Law 5 then and in case the fead Justice or Joft ices, Sheriff or Under Sheriff, Mayor, Head Officer or Magistrate present at such Meetings respectively, or any of them respectively, or any Pemce Officer acting under their or any of their Orders, mail he obstructed in taking into Custody any Per-Com Or Persons so ordered to be taken into Custody, it shall be lawful for any such Justice or Justices. Sheriff, Under Sheriff, Major, Head Officer or Magistrate respectively, thereupon to make or caftfe to be made such Proclamation as aforesaid in manner and Form aforesaid; and if any Persons to the Number of Twelve or more, being commanded by such Proclamation to disperse themselves and peaceably to depart as aforesaid, shall to the Number of Twelve or more, notwithstanding such Proclamation made, remain or continue together by the Space of One Hour after Proclamation made, that then such continuing together to the Number of Twelve or more shall be adjudged Felony without Benefit of Clergy, and the Offenders therein shall be ad* judged Felons, and shall fuller Death as in case of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

IX. And be it further enacted, That every Justice and Justices of the Peace, Sheriff, Under Sheriff, Mayor and other Head Officer and Magistrate aforesaid, is and are hereby respectively authorized and empowered, on Notice or Knowledge of any Inch Meeting or Assembly as is hereinbefore mentioned, to resort to the Place where such Meeting or Assembly shall be, or shall be intended to be holden, or to any Part thereof, and there to do or order, or cause to be done, all such A£&, matters and things as the case may require, which they are hereby enabled to do or order to be done, or which they are otherwise by Law enabled to do or order to be done; and it shall be lawful for all and every Justices of the Peace, Sheriff, Under Sheriff, Mayor, Head Officer and Magistrate respectively as aforesaid, to take and require the Assistance of any Number of Constables or other Officers of the Peace within their respective Districts, or within the Distn& or Place wherein every such Meeting as hereinbefore mentioned shall oe holden, which Constables and other Officers of the Peace are hereby required to attend accordingly, and to give such Assistance as shall be necessary for the due Execution of this Act.

X. And be it further enacted, That if such Persons so assembled as aforesaid, or Twelve or more of them, after Proclamation made in maaner and Form aforesaid, shall continue together and not disperse themselves within One Hour, that then k shall and may be lawful to and for every Justice of the Peace, Sheriff or Under Sheriff of the County where such Assembly shall be, and also to and for every High or Petty Constable, and other Peace Officer within such County, and also to and for every Mayor, Justice of the Peace, Head Officer, Magistrate, High or Petty Constable, and other Peace Officer, of any City or Town Corporate where such Assembly shall be, and to and f % £ such other Person and Persons as shall be commanded to be assisting unto any such Justice of the Peace, Sheriff or Under Sheriff, Mayor, Head Officer and Magistrate respectively as aforesaid, who are hereby authorized and empowered to command all His Majesty's Subjects, of Age and Ability, to be assisting to them therein, to seize and apprehend, and they are hereby required to seize and apprehend such Persons so assembled and continuing together after Proclamation made as aforesaid, and forth-wkh to carry the Person or Persons so apprehended before One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace of the County or Place where such Person or Persons shall be so apprehended, in order to his, her or their being proceeded against for such Offences according to Law; and that if the Persons so assembled, or any of them, shall happen to be killed, maimed or hurt, in the dispersing, seizing or apprehending, or endeavouring to disperse, seize or apprehend them, by reason of their refilling the Persons so dispersing, seizing or apprehending, or endeavouring to disperse, seize or apprehend them, that every such Justice of the Peace, Sheriff, Under Sheriff, Mayor, Head Officer, Magistrate, High or Petty Constable otf other Peaoe Officer, and all and singular Persons being aiding and aflming to them or any of them, shall be free, discharged and indemnified, as well against The King's Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, as against all and every other Person and Persons, of, Tor or concerning the killing, maiming or hurting of any such Person or Persons so continuing together as aforesaid that shall happen to oe so killed, maimed or hurt as aforesaid.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons do or shall, with Force and Arms, wilfully and knowingly oppose, obflrud, or in any manner wilfully and knowingly let, hinder or hurt any Justice of the Peace, or other Person authorized as aforesaid, who shall attend any such Meeting as aforesaid, or who shall be going to attend any such Meeting, or any Person or Persons who shall begin to proclaim, or go to proclaim, according to any Proclamation hereby directed to be made, whereby such Proclamation shall not be made, that then every such opposing, obstructing, letting, hindering or hurting any such Justice or other Persons so authorized as aforesaid, and so attending or going to attend any such Meeting, or any such Person or Persons so beginning or going to make any such Proclamation as aforesaid, shall be adjudged Felony, without Benefit of Clergy; and the Offenders therein shall be adjudged Felons, and shall suffer Death as in case of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy; and that also every such Person or Persons so being assembled as aforesaid, to the Number of Fifty or more as aforesaid, to whom any such Proclamation as aforesaid should or ought to have been made, if the lame had not been hindered as aforesaid, shall likewise, in case they or any of them, to the Number of Twelve or more, shall continue together and not disperse themselves within One Hour after such Let or Hindrance so made, having Knowledge of such Let or Hindrance so made, shall be adjudged Felons, and shall suffer Death as in case of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy; and that also if* any Person or Persons so being at any such Assembly as aforesaid, shall with Force and Arms wilfully and knowingly oppose, obstruct, or in any manner wilfully and knowingly let, hinder or hurt any Justice of the Peace or other Magistrate, or any Peace Officer, in apprehending or taking into Custody, in Execution of any of the Provisions of this Act hereinbefore contained, any Person or Persons, or endeavouring so to do, that then every such opposing, obstructing, letting, hindering or hurting, shall be adjudged Felony, without Benefit of Clergy; and the Offenders therein shall be adjudged-Felons, and shall suffer Death as in case of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

21

A.D. 1817. 57° GEORGII III. C. 19.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the Sheriffs Depute and their Substitutes, Stewards Depute and Sheriffs Depute their Substitutes, Justices of the Peace, Magistrates of Royal Boroughs and all other inferior Judges and in Scotland to Magistrates, and also all High and Petty Constables or Other Peace Officers of any County, Stewartly, have the fame City or Town, within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall have such and the fame Powers and Authorities for putting this present Act in Execution within Scotland, as the Justices of the Peace and other England. Magistrates and Constables aforesaid respectively have by virtue of this Act, within and for the other Parts of

this Kingdom 5 and that all and every Person and Persons who shall at any time be convicted of any of the Felonies aforementioned, within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall for every such Offence incur and suffer the Pains of Death and Confiscation of Moveables.

XIII. Provided always^ and be it enacted and declared, That nothing herein contained shall be deemed or Notices contrary construed to render lawful any Notice, or the Act of giving or publishing any Notice, according to the Pro- to Law not here-visions hereinbefore contained, which Notice or Act would have been contrary to Law if this Act had not , by ^e"dered been made.

1 XIV. And Whereas divers Places have oPlate been used for delivering Lectures or Discourses, and holding puces fur Lec-

Debates, wbkh Lfeftures, Discourses or Debates have in many Instances been of a seditious and immoral turesor Debates,

Nature; 9 Be it further enacted, That every House, Room, Field or other Place, at or in which any Lecture receiving Moor "Discovrfe shall be publicly delivered, or any publk Debate shall be had, on any Subject whatever, for the unle&

Purpose of raising or collecting Money or any other valuable thing, from the Persons admitted, or to which {jeenfed, deemed any Person shall be admitted by Payment or Money, or by any Ticket or Token of any Kind delivered in to be disorderly consideration of Money, or any other valuable thing, or in cdnlequence of paying or giving, or having paid Places.

or given, or having agreed to pay or give, in any manner, anya Money of other valuable thing, or where any Money or other valuable thing shall be received from any Person admitted, either under Pretence of paying for any Refreshment or other thing, or under any other Pretence, or for any other Cause, or by means of any Device or Contrivance whatever, shall be deemed a disorderly House or Place, unless the same shall have been previously lioenfed in manner herein after mentioned; and the Person by whom such House, Room, Opening such Field or Place shall be opened or used, for any of the Purposes aforesaid, shall forfeit the Sum of One Hnn- Places, dred Pounds for every Day or Time that such House, Room, Field or Place shall be opened or Used as afore- Penalty iocl. said, to such Person as will sue for the fame, and be otherwise punished as the Law directs in cases of disorderly Houses; and pvery Person managing or conducting the Proceedings, or acting as Moderator, President, Conducting the or Chairman at such House, Room, Field or Place, so opened or used as aforesaid, or therein debating, or Proceedings, &c. delivering any Discourse or Lecture, and also every Person who shall pay, give, collect or receive, or agree to at such place, pay, give, collect or receive, any Money or any Thing for or in respect of the Admission of any Person into &c' any such House, Room, Field or Place, or shall deliver out, distribute, or receive any such Ticket or Tickets, or Token or Tokens as aforesaid, knowing such House, Room, Field or Place to be opened or used for any such Purpose as aforesaid, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds. Penalty aol.

XV. And be it further enacted, That any Person who shall at any time hereafter appear, aft or behave what Persons him or herfeif as Master or Mi ft refs, or as the Person having the Command, Government or Management of deemed to have any such House, Room, Field or Place as aforesaid, shall be deemed and taken to be a Person by whom the opened, $u. lame is opened or used as aforesaid, and shall be liable to be filed or prosecuted and punished as such, notwith- such 1>laces# Handing he or she be not in fiaft the real Owner or Occupier thereof.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Justice or Justices of the Peace of any Magistrates may County, Stewartry, City, Borough, Town or Place, who shall, by Information upon Oath, have reason to demand Admit* suspect that any House, Room, Field or Place, or any Parts or Part thereof, are oris opened or used for the to suspected Purpose of delivering Lectures or Discourses, or for public Debate, contrary to the Provisions of this Act, to P aces*

go to such House, Room, Field or Place, and demand to be admitted therein; and in case such Justice or Refuting Admit-Justices shall be refused Admittance to such House, Room, Field or Place, or any Part thereof, the fame dJen^d a shall be deemed a disorderly House or Place within the Intent and Meaning of this Act; and all and every an^penalty 201! the Provisions hereinbefore contained respecting any House, Room, Field or Place, hereinbefore declared to be a disorderly House or Place, shall be applied to such House, Room, Field or Place, where such Admittance shall have been refused as aforesaid, and every Person refusing such Admittance, shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XVII. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for Two or more Justices Two Justices of the Peace for the County, Stewartry, City, Borough, Town or Place, where any-House, Room or other may licente Building shall be intended to be opened for any of the Purposes aforesaid, by Writing under their Hands and for Seals, at their General Quarter or General Sessions of the Peace, or at any Special Session to be held for the eclures> particular Purpose, to grant a Licence to any Person or Persons desiring the fame, to open such House, Room

or other Building, for the Purpose of delivering for Money any such Lectures or Discourses as aforesaid, or for the Purpose of holding Debates on any Subjects, the fame being clearly expressed in such Licence* for which

Licence a Fee of One Shilling and no more shall be paid; and the same shall be in Force for the Space of One Fee for Licence.

Year and no longer, or for any less Space of time therein to be specified 5 and which Licence it shall be lawful Licences may be

for the Justices of the Peace of the same County, Stewartry, City, Borough, Town or Place, at any Gene-revoked.

ral Quarter or General Sessions of the Peace, to revoke and declare void and no longer in force, by any Order of such Justices; a Copy whereof shall be delivered to or served upon the Person to whom the said Licence Copy of Order

so revoked shall have been granted, or shall be left at the House, Room or Building for which such Licence j; cvok'f^ 10 brr"'

shall have been granted; and thereupon such Licence shall cease and determine, and be thenceforth utterly void fclvc

and of no Effect.

lattices may inspect licensed Places.

RefuGog Admittance, deemed a disorderly Place, and

Penalty aoL

In case of fedi-tious or immoral Lectures, Two Justices may declare Licence forfeited.

Proviso for Lectures at the Unitrerfitie*, Inns of Court, Gresham College, kc.

and for Payments to School-masters for Lectures.

Limitation of Prosecutions.

Commencement and Duration of Act as to all the foregoing Clauses.

Regulating the Place of Public Meetings in Westminster.

Proviso for Meetings convened for Election of Members of Parliament.

Spencean Societies or Clubs, kc. suppressed and prohibited.

C. 19. 57° GEORGII III. A.D. 1817.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Justice or Justices of the Peace of any County, Stewartry, City, Borough, Town or Place, where any such House, Room or other Building shall be licensed asjierein provided, to go to such House, Room or Building so licensed, at the time of delivering any such Lecture or Discourse, or of holding any Debate therein, as aforesaid, or at the time appointed for delivering any such Lecture or Discourse, or of holding any Debate, and demand to be admitted therein; and in case such Justice or Justices shall be refused Admittance to such House, Room or Building, the same shall be deemed, notwithstanding any such Licence as aforesaid, a disorderly House or Place within the meaning of this Act; and all and every the Provisions hereinbefore contained respecting any House, Room, Field or Place hereinbefore declared to be a disorderly House or Place, shall be applied to such House, Room or Building, so licensed as aforesaid, where such Admittance shall have be^n refuted as aforesaid; and every Person refuGng such Admittance shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds, to any Person who shall sue for the fame*.

XIX. Provided also, and be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Two Justices of the Peace, acting for any County, Stewartry, Riding, Division, City, Town or Place, upon Evidence on Oath that any House, Room or Place, so licensed and opened as aforesaid, is commonly used for the Purpose of delivering there Lectures or Discourses of a seditious or immoral tendency, to adjudge and declare the Licence for opening the same to have been forfeited, and such Licence shall thereupon cease and determine, and shall thence* forth be utterly void and of no Effect.

XX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to any Lecture or Discourses to be delivered in any of the Universities of these Kingdoms by any Member thereof, or any Person authorized by the Chancellor, Vice Chancellor, or other proper Officers of such Universities respectively; or to any Lecture or Discourse to be delivered in the Public Hall of any of the Inns of Court of Chancery, by any Person authorized by the Benchers of the Inns of Court, or by the Professors in Gresham College, or to the Professors in the College established for the Education of the Civil Servants of the East India Company, or the Seminaries established for the Education of their Military Service, or to any Society or Body of Men incorporated or established by Royal Charter, or by Authority of Parliament; and that no Payment made to any Schoolmaster or other Person by Law allowed to teach and mftrud Yqjuth, in respect of any Lectures or Discourses delivered by such Schoolmaster or other Person for the Instruction only of such Youth as shall be committed to his lnftrudion, shall be deemed a Payment of Money for Admission to such Lectures or Discourses within the Intent and Meaning of this Act.

XXI. Provided always, That no Person shall be prosecuted by virtue of this Act for any thing done or committed contrary to the Provisions hereinbefore contained, unless such Prosecution shall be commenced within Six Calendar Months after the Offence committed.

XXII. Provided always, That all the Clauses and Provisions hereinbefore contained shall commence and have effect within the City of London, and within Twenty Miles thereof, from the Day next after the Day of passing this Act; and shall commence and have effect, within all other Parts of the Kingdom, from the Expiration of Seven Days next after the Day of passing this Act; and shall be and continue in force until the Twenty-fourth day of July One thousand eight hundred and eighteen.

XXIII. And Whereas it is highly inexpedient that Public Meetings or Assemblies should be held near

the Houfos of Parliament, or near His Majesty's Courts of Justice in Westminster Hall, on such Days as are herein after mentioned Be it therefore enacted, and it is hereby enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons to convene or call together, or to give any Notice for convening or calling together, any Meeting of Persons confiding of more than Fifty Persons, or for any Number of Persons exceeding Fifty to meet in any Street, Square, or open Place in the City or Liberties of Westminster, or County of Middlesex, within the Distance of One Mile from the Gate of Westminster Hall, save and except such Parts of the Parish of Saint Pauls Covent Garden as are within the said Distance, for the Purpose or on the Pretext of consider* ing of or preparing any Petition, Complaint, Remonstrance, Declaration, or other Address to The King, or to His Royal Highness The Prince Regent, or to both Houses or either House of Parliament, for Alteration of Matters in Church or State, on any Day on which the Two Houses or either House of Parliament shall meet and fit, or shall be summoned or adjourned or prorogued to meet or fit, nor on any Day on which His Majesty's Courts of Chancery, King's Bench, Common Pleas and Exchequer, or any of them, or any Judge of any of them, shall fit in Westminster Hall, any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary notwithstanding; and that if any Meeting or Assembly, for the Purposes or on the Pretexts aforesaid, of any Persons, shall be assembled or holden on any such Day, contrary to the Intent and Meaning of this Enadment, such Meeting or Assembly shall be deemed and taken to be an unlawful Assembly, by whomsoever or in eon-sequence of what Notice soever such Meeting or Assembly shall have been holden: Provided that nothing in this Enadment contained shall by any Construction whatever be deemed or taken to apply to or affect any Meeting convened, called or holden for the Election of Members of Parliament, or any Persons attending such Meeting, or to any Persons attending upon the Business of either House of Parliament or any of the said Courts.

XXIV. And Whereas divers Societies or Clubs have been instituted, in the Metropolis and in various Parts of this Kingdom, of a dangerous Nature and Tendency, inconsistent with the Public Tranquillity, 1 and the Existence of the established Government, Laws and Constitution of the Kingdom 5 and the Mem bera of many of such Societies or Clubs have taken unlawful Oaths and Engagements of Fidelity and Se-

crecy, and have taken or subscribed, or assented to, illegal Tests and Declarations 5 and many of the said«Societies or Clubs elect, appoint or employ Committees, Delegates, Representatives or Missionaries of

such

A.D. 1817. 57° GEORGII III. C. 19. 23

such Socities or Clubs, to meet, confer, communicate or correspond with other Societies or Clubs, or with Delegates, Representatives or Missionaries of such other Societies or Clubs, gad to induce and persuade other Persons to become Members thereof, and by such means maintain an Influence over large Bodies of Men, and delude many ignorant and unwary Penons into the Commission of Acts highly criminal: And

Whereas certain Societies or Clubs calling themselves Spenceans or Spencean Philanthropies, hold and profess for their 6bjed the Confiscation and Divihon of the Land, and the Extindion of the Funded Property of the Kingdom: And Whereas it is expedient and necessary that all such Societies and Clubs as aforesaid should be utterly suppressed and prohibited as unlawful Combinations and Confederacies, highly dangerous to the Peace and Tranquillity of this Kingdom, and to the Constitution of the Government thereof, as by Law

established* Be it enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, all Societies or Clubs calling themselves Spenceans or Spencean Philanthropes, and all other Societies or Clubs, by whatever Name or Description the same are called or known, who hold and profess, or who shall hold and profess, the fame Objects and Doctrines, shall be and the same are hereby utterly suppressed and prohibited, as being unlawful Combinations and Confederacies against the Government of our Sovereign Lord the King, and against the Peace and Security of His Majesty's liege Subieds.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, all and every the said Societies taking. Societies or Clubs, and also all and every other Society or Club now established or hereafter to be established, unlawful Oath*, the Members whereof shall be required or admitted to take any Oath or Engagement which shall be an un- &c< Within lawful Engagement within the Meaning of an Act passed in the Thirty seventh Year of His Majesty's Reign,

intituled An Act for more effectually preventing the administering and taking of unlawful Oaths, or within the 37 G. 3. c. 123. Meaning of an Act passed in the Fifty second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to render 52 q c 104# more effectual an A8t pqjfed in the Thirty seventh Year of His present Majesty, for preventing the administering and taking of unlawful Oaths, or to take any Oath not required or authorized by Law; and every Society or Club, the Members whereof or any of them shall take or in any manner bind themselves by any Inch Oatn or Engagement, on becoming, or in order to become, or in consequence of being a Member or Members of such Society or Club 5 and every Society or Club, the Members or any Member whereof shall be required or or requiring, kc. admitted to take, subscribe or assent to, or shall take, subscribe or assent to any Test or Declaration not re- Testi or De-quired or authorized by Law, in whatever manner or Form such taking or assenting shall be performed, w

whether by Words, Signs, or otherwise; either on becoming or in order to become, or in consequence of oTeleaing^Coin-being a Member or Members of any such Society or Club 5 and every Society or Club that shall elect, ap- mittees, Dewpoint, nominate or employ any Committee, Delegate or Delegates, Representative or Representatives, Mif- gates, kc. flonary or Missionaries, to meet, confer or communicate with any other Society or Club, or with any Com- dawned guilty of mittee. Delegate or Delegates, Representative or Representatives, Mifiionary or Missionaries, of such other

Society or Club, or to induce or persuade any Person or Persons to become Members thereof, shall be ^q 3. c. 79.

deemed and taken to be unlawful Combinations and Confederacies, within the Meaning of an Act passed in the Thirty*ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the more effectual Sup-PfeJ ion of Societies established for seditious and treasonable Purposes; and for better preventing treasonable and seditious PraSices, and mall and may be prosecuted, proceeded against and punished, according to the Provisions of the said Act; and every Person who, from and after the passing of this Act, shall become a Mem- Persons bcconv* ber of any such Society or Club, or who, after the passing of this Act, shall act as a Member thereof, and ing Members every Person who, from and after the passing of this Act, shall directly or indirectly maintain Correspondence Societies, or Intercourse with any such Society or Club, or with any Committee or Delegate, Representative or &c* Missionary, or with any Officer or Member thereof, as such, or who shall, by Contribution of Money or otherwise, aid, abet or support such Society or Club, or any Members or Officers thereof, as such, shall be deemed guilty of

deemed guilty of an unlawful Combination and Confederacy within the Intent and Meaning of the said Act unlawful Com-passed in the Thirty ninth Year of His Majesty's Reign, for the more effectual suppresston of Societies established within

for seditious and treasonable Purposes; and for better preventing treasonable ana seditious PraSices; and shall and may be proceeded against, prosecuted and punished, according to the Provisions of the said Act, againsta^ with regard to the Prosecution and Punishment of unlawful Combinations and Confederacies. cordingly.

XXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or ProvisoforFres-be construed to extend, to any Society or Societies holden under the Denomination of Lodges of Freemafons, mafons1 Lodges, in conformity to the Rules prevailing in such Societies of Freemafons, provided such Lodges shall comply a.nd for Decl>ira-with the Rules and Regulations contained in the said Act of the Thirty ninth Year of His present Majesty,

relating to such Lodges of Freemafons; nor to any Declaration to be taken, subscribed or assented to by the pursuant to* Members of any Society^ the Form of which Declaration shall have been first approved and subscribed by 39 G. 3.C. 79. two or more Justices of the Peace, and confirmed by the major Part of the Justices present at a General and for Meet-Session, or at a General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, pursuant to the Rules and Regulations contained in ing*or Societies the said Act of the Thirty ninth Year of His present Majesty; nor shall extend or be construed to extend to for charitable any Meeting or Society of the People commonly called Quakers; or to any Meeting or Society formed or Purposes. assembled for Purposes of a Religious or Charitable Nature only, and in which no other Matter or Business whatsoever shall be treated of or difeuffed.

XXVII. And Whereas in the said Act of the Thirty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, it is amongst other Things enacted, That every Society which shall be composed of different Divisions or Branches, or of different Parts acting iq any manner separately or distinct from each other, or of which any

Part shall have any Separate or distinct President, Secretary, Treasurer, Delegate or other Officer elected or appointed by or for such Part, or to act as an Officer for such Part, shall be deemed and taken to be

unlawful Combinations and Confederacies Be it enacted, That the said Enadment shall not extend or be q. 3. c. 79. construed to extend to any Meeting or Society of the People commonly called Quakers, or to any Meeting §*. nottoex-

or

24

tend to Quakers* Meeting.*, &c. Person permitting unlawful Assembled in his House, Sec.

First Offence, Penalty 5l..Further Offence, Combination. Licences of Public Houses where unlawful Clubs are held, to be forfeited,

and Penalty.

Pehaltics exceeding 20l. how to be recovered.

S 7G. 3. C. 19.

Penalties not exceeding ool. how to be recovered.

Distress.

Limitation of Prosecution for Penalty.

Application of Penalties.

I .imitation of Actions.

General UTue may be pleaded.

Do ible Cods.

Limitation of AQions, See. in Scotland.

rica.

c. 19. 57° GEORGII III. A.D. 1817.

or Society formed or assembled for Purposes of a Religious or Charitable Nature only, and in which no other Matter or Business whatsoever shall be treated of or difeuffed.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall knowingly permit any Meeting of any So^ ciety or Club hereby declared to be an unlawful Combination or Confederacy, or of any Division, Branch or Committee of f&ch Society or Club, to be held in any House or Apartment, Building or other Place, to him or her belonging, or in his or her Possession or Occupation, such Person shall, for the First Offence, forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds, and shall, for any such Offence committed after the Date of his or her Conviction for such First Offence, be deemed guilty of an unlawful Combination and Confederacy, in Breach of this Act.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any two or more Justices of the Peace, aftingj for any County, Stewarty, Riding, Division, City, Town or Place, upon evidence on Oath that any Meeting of any Society or Club hereby declared to be an unlawful Combination and Confederacy, or any Meeting for any seditious Purpose, hath been held, after the passing of this Act, at any House, Room or Place, licensed for the Sale of Ale, Beer, Wine or Spirituous Liquors, with the Knowledge and Consent of the Person keeping such House, Room or Place, to adjudge and declare the Licence or Licences for selling Ale, Beer, Wine or Spirituous Liquors, granted to the Person or Persons keeping such House, Room or Place, to be forfeited; and the Person or Persons so keeping such House, Room or Place, shall, from and after the Day of the Date of such Adjudication and Declaration, and Notice thereof given to him, her or them, be subject and liable to all and every the Penalties and Forfeitures for any Act done after that Day, which such Person or Persons would be subject and liable to, if such Licence or Licences had expired, or otherwise determined on that Day.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That all or any of the Pecuniary Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures, exceeding the Sum of Twenty Pounds, incurred under this Act, in England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed, may be recovered by Action of Debt in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Wefmin/lcr, and in Scotland in the Court ot Session there; and it shall be sufficient to declare in England or conclude in Scotland, that the Defendant or Defender is indebted to the Plaintiff or Pursuer in the Sum of

(being the Sum demanded by the said Action) being forfeited by an Act made in the Fifty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the more effectually preventing Seditious Meetings and Assemblies; and the Plaintiff or Pursuer, if he shall recover in such Action, shall hare his full Costs or Expence8 5 and any pecuniary Penalty imposed by this Act not exceeding the Sum of Twenty Pounds, and for the Recovery whereof no Provision is Hereinbefore contained, shall and may be recovered before any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, Stewartry, Riding, Division, City, Town or Place, in which the same shall be incurred, or the Person having incurred the same shall happen to be, in a summary Way; and in case such last mentioned Penalty shall not be forthwith paid, such Justice or Justices shall, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, and directed to any Constable or other Peace Officer, cause the same to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels, together with all Costs and Charges attending such Distress and Sale; and in case no sufficient Distress can be hstd or made, such Justice or Justices shall commit the Offender to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for such County, Stewartry, Riding, Division, City, Borough, Town or Place, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, nor less than Three Calendar Months: Provided always, that no Person shall be prosecuted or sued for any pecuniary Penalty iraposed by this Act, un* less such Prosecution shall be commenced, or such Action shall be brought within Three Calendar Months next after such Penalty shall have been incurred.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That all pecuniary Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this Act shall, when recovered, either by Action in any Court, or in a summary Way before any Justice, be applied and dif* posed of in manner herein after mentioned; that is to say, One Moiety thereof to the Plaintiff in any such Action, or to the Informer before any Justice, and the other Moiety thereof to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That any Action and Suit which shall be brought or commenced against any Justice or Justices of the Peace, Constable, Peace Officer or other Person or Persons, in England, Wales or the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, for any thing done or acted in pursuance of this Act, shall be commenced within Three Calendar Months next after the Fast committed, and not afterwards; and the Venue in every such Action or Suit shall be laid in the proper County where the Fast was committed, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action or Suit may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon 5 and if such Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced after the time limited for bringing the same, or the Venue shall be laid in any other Place than as aforesaid, then the Jury shall find a Verdict for the Defendant or Defendants; and in such Case, or if the Jury shall find a Verdict for the Defendant or Defendants upon the Merits, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become Nonsuit, or discontinue his, her or their Action after Appearance, or if upon Demurrer, Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Double Costs; which he or they shall and may recover in such and the same manner as any Defendant can by Law in other Cases.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That every Action and Suit which shall be brought or commenced against any Person or Persons in Scotland, for any thing done or acted in pursuance of this Act, shall in like manner be commenced within Three Calendar Months after the Fast committed, and not afterwards, and shall be brought in the Court of Session in Scotland; and the Defender or Defenders may plead that the Matter complained of was done in pursuance of this Act, and may give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence; and if such Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced after the time limited for bringing the same, then

25

A.D. 1817. 57° GEOtlGrtt III. C. 19.

the fame shall be dismissed; and in such case, or if the Defender or Defenders shall be afibilzied, or the Pur-fuer or Porfuers shall suffer the Action or Suit to fell afieep, or U Deeifiorl shall be prodounced against the Purfeer or Pursuers upon the Relevancy, the Defender or Defenders shall have Treble Costs or Expences $ Treble Costi. which he or they shall and may recover in such and the same manner as qpy Defender can jjpr Law recover Costs or Expences in other cases.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That Convictions by any Justice or Justices of the Peace for Offences Fqrmof Con-against this Act* tand Adjudications of Forfeitures of Licences to be made in pursuance of this Act, shall or viction, may be in the several Forms set forth for such Purposes respectively in the Schedule to this Act annexed, or ift

Words to that Effect.

XXXV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall be deemed to take Act not toffcft

away or abridge any Provision already made by the Law of this Realm, or of any Part thereof, for the Slip- other Protifions pression or Punishment of any Offence whatsoever described in this Act made by Law*

XXXVI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That no Person shall be prosecuted under this Act, for having Proviso for Per-been, before the passing of this Act, a'Member of any Society or Club declared hereby to be an unlawful Tons having been Combination and Confederacy, if such Person shall not in any manner have acted as a Member of such Society

or Club after the passing of this Act; but that nothing in this Act contained shall extend to prevent any Pro- l°

fecution, by Indictment or otherwise, for any thing which shall be an Offencfe within the Intent and Meaning this Act, &c. of this Act, and which might have been so prosecuted if this Act had not been made: Provided always, that no No Double Person who shall be prosecuted and convi^d or acquitted of any Offence against this Act shall be subject or Prosecution. liable to be again prosecuted for the fame Offence: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall ex- Persons already tend to discharge any Person in Custody at the time of passing this Act, or who having been in Custody shall in CS?dy>c' have been discharged on Bail or Recognizance, from any Prosecution which might have been had against such not d, schar*e*Person if this Act had not been made.

XXXVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case any Proceeding or Prosecution shall be insti- Power of the tuted, commenced or prosecuted for any Offence committed against the said Act of the Thirty ninth Year of A[t^2e/0^Jene' His present Majesty, or against this Act, either by Action, ot by Information before any Justice or Justices, ^dvocatesnd or otherwise, it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty's Attorney General for the time being, as to any such Secretary of Action, Information or other Proceeding in England, or for the Lord Advocate of Scotland as to any such State to stay Action, Information of other Proceeding in Scotland, to order any such Action, Information or other Pro- Proceedings, ceeding to be stayed; and in case of any Judgment or Conviction upon any such Action, Information or Proceeding, it shall and may be lawful for any One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, by any Order

made for that Purpose under his Hand, to stay the Execution of such Judgment or Conviction, or to mitigate or remit any Fine Or Forfeiture, or any Part thereof.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That in every case where any House, Shop or other Building How Damage whatever, or any Part thereof, shall be destroyed, or shall be in any manner damaged or injured, br where any done by liotou* Fixtures thereto attached, or any Furniture, Goods or Commodities whatever which shall be therein, shall be o^multuous destroyed, taken away, or damaged by the Act or Acts of any riotous or tumultuous Assembly of Persons, rec^rJJ*to or by the Act or Acts of any Person or Persons engaged in or making Part of such riotous or tumultuous Assembly, the Inhabitants of the City or ToWn in which such-House, Shop or Building shall be situate, if such City or Town be a County of itself, or is not within any Hundred, or otherwise the Inhabitants of the Hundred in which such Damage shall be done, shall be liable to yield full Compensation in Damages to the Person or Persons injured and damnified by such Destruction, taking away, or Damage; and such Damages shall and may be demanded, sued for, and recovered by the fame Meahs and under the fame Provisions as are provided in and by an Act passed in the First Year of King George the First, intituled An Act for preventing 1 G. 1. c. 5. Tumults and riotous AfftmbUe* % and for the more speedy and elseSualy puntshing the Riotersf with respect to Persons injured and damnified by the demolishing or pulling down 6f any Dwelling House by Persons unlawfully, riotously and tumultuously assembled.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be cbhftrued tb Act not to ex-extend to that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland. tend to beland.

XL. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be repealed in the Whole, or in any Part thsrtbf, 6r Act may be re-ift any manner altered or amended, during the present Session of Parliament.*pealed, &c. this

Session.

The SCHEDULE to which the Bill refers.

I. FORM of Conviction of an unlawful Combination Uhd Confederacy.

M. tlE it remembered, That on this Day of in the Year of the

to Wit. 3 Reign of A.B. of is duly convicted before me for, us} of His

Majesty1* Justices of the Peace for in pursuance of an Act of the Fifty, seventh Year of the Reign of King George the Third, [set forth the Title of the ASj for that the said A. after the passing of the said Act, to wit, on the Day of.at did, contrary to the said Act,

i become a Member of [or, as the case may he"] aft as a Member of, or maintain a Correspondence or Inter-« course with, or by Contribution of Money or otherwise abet or support a Society [deferibinv the Society],

which Society is an unlawful Combination and Confederacy within the Intent and Meaning of the said Act;

Wherefore I [or, we] the said do adjudge, That he the said A.B. do pay

t [or, be imprisoned] as a Penalty for his Offence in pursuance of the said Act.

Given under my Hand and Seal [or, our Hands and Seals] this Day of in the Year of our Lord, and in the Year of the Reign of His Majesty King .*

57 Geo. III. E

35 G. 3» c. »8.

35 G. 3. c. 94.

Regulations as to Captains, Sec. entitled to Full Pay drawing upon Commissioners of the Navy for their Pay, as established by Order of Coen-dl, ijthNov. 1816.

And as to Flag Officers, $tc drawing for Pay.

And as to Mates, &c. drawing for their Pa,

Officers to stanf-mit Logs, kc. before they receive their Half Pay,c.

0 Bilk drawn by Lieutenants, kc. to be certified by

C. 19, 20. 57 GEORGII III. A.D. 1817.

II. FORM of Adjudication of Forfeiture of Licence to sell Ale, &c.

4 M. 1 ID K it remembered, That on this Day of in the Year of the Reign

4 to Wit. J m£ Hi* present Majesty, A. 2?. of being a Person licensed to fell [as the case may be]

4 is duly convicted before us, Two ol His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of in pursuance of an Act of the Fifty seventh Year of the Reign of King George the Third [set forth the Title of the Act] for that he the said A.B. on at did permit a Meeting of a

Society [describe the Society] which is an unlawful Combination and Confederacy within the Intent and Meaning of the said Act, to he held at'being the House [as the case may be] of the said A.B.

wherein he the said A.B. is licensed to fell [as the case may be]: Wherefore we the said do adjudge and declare, that the Licence [cr, Licences, as the case may be] is [or, are] for such Offence forfeited. Given under our Hands and Seals, this Day of in the Year of our Lord

4, and in the Year of the Reign of His Majesty King .'

III. FORM of Conviction for Offences subject to Pecuniary Penalties.

4 JgE it remembered. That on this Day of in the Year of the Reigto

4 of A. B* of is duly convicted before me [or, us] of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for in pursuance pi an Act of the Fifty seventh Year of the Reign of King George the Third [set forth the Title of the AS] for that the said A.B. after the passing of the said Act, on.at did, contrary to the said Act [here specify any Offence

against the AS, as the case may be]: Wherefore I [or, we] the said do adjudge that the said A B. do pay the Sum of as a Penalty for this Offence in pursuance of the said Act/

CAP. XX.

An Act for making further Regulations in respect to the Pay of the Officers of the Royal Navy, in certain cases therein mentioned. #.[31st March 1817.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to amend and extend the Provisions of an Act passed in the Thirty fifth

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to enable Petty Officers in the Navy, and Seamen, Non Commissioned Officers of Marines and Marines serving in His Majesty's Navy, to allot Part of their

1 Pay for the Maintenance of their Wives and Families; and of another Act passed in the same Year, intituled An Act for establishing a more easy and expeditious Method for the punSual and frequent Payment of the Wages and Pay of certain Officers belonging to His Majesty's Navy; 9 Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing.of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for every Captain, Commander, Lieutenant commanding the Vessel in which he shall serve, Surgeon and Assistant Surgeon (in Ships and Vessels in which there shall be no Surgeons] in the Naval Service of His Majesty, being entitled to Full Pay, at the End and Expiration of every Three Months, ' Six Months, Nine Months or Twelve Months (as such Officer may think proper), but not for a less Period than Three Months, (except as herein after mentioned, ) to draw a Bill or Bills upon the Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy for the net Amount of Three Fourths only of the Pa j (subject to such Deductions as herein after mentioned) of such Captain, Commander, Lieutenant commanding, or Surgeon respectively, as established by an Order of His Royal Highness The Prince Regent in Council, bearing Date the-Twenty fifth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, or as shall hereafter be established by any Order in Council of His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors 5 and that it shall also be lawful for any Flag Officer, Lieutenant not commanding the Ship or Vessel in which he shall be serving, Physician of the Fleet, Mailer, Second Mailer, Chaplain, Admiral's Secretary and Assistant Surgeon, entitled to Full Pay, and having no Accounts to pass, in like manner at the End of every Three Months, or such longer Period as*above mentioned, but not for a less Period than Three Months, (except as herein after mentioned, ) to draw upon the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy for the whole net Amount (subject as aforesaid) of his Pay as so established or to be established as aforesaid; and also for every passed Mate, passed Midshipman, Secretary's Clerk, Captain's Clerk and Schoolmaster entitled to Full Pay, in like manner to draw upon the said Commissioners at the End of every Six Lunar Months or Twelve Months for the whole net Amount (subject as aforesaid) of his Pay as so established or to be established as aforesaid 5 the first Payment of the said Pay so to be drawn for by the said several Officers to be computed from the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and seventeen: Provided always, thet not any of the said Officers whose Duty it shall be to transmit Logs^ Journals, Returns or other Documents, either to the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, or to the Secretary of the Admiralty, or to the Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy, shall be entitled to receive any Half Pay which may be in course of Payment, until he shall have duly transmitted Rich Logs, Journals, Returns or other Documents, unless he shall have obtained or shall obtain from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral an Order dispensing with the Production thereof,

II. And be it further enacted, That every such Bill drawn by any Lieutenant not commanding the Ship or Vessel in which he may be serving, Master, Chaplain, Surgeon, Assistant Surgeon, Second Mailer, Mate,

13 Midshipman,

A.D. 1817. 57° GEORGII III. C. 20.

Midshipman, Clerk or Schoolmaster, under the Authority of this Act, shall be certified by the Purser, and pjrfer, and ap-approved by the Captain of the Ship to which he shall belong; and such Pbrfer shall by-so certifying be held proved by Cap-.responsible shat such Bill is not for a greater Sum than the Officer drawing it had a Right to draw for, after txin, &c. any Debt for Slops, Dead Men's Clothes, or other Charges standing in the Ship's Books, hath been abated ^Ifoooofibie from the Amount of his Pay for the Period for which the Bill is drawn 5 and the Captain <rf such Ship shall BiUUnot* by so approving be held responsible that Officer drawing has been borne for Pay during the said Period, and, for more than is entitled by this Act to draw, and that the Purser hath previously certified his Right to draw for the Sum due. in the Bill mentioned; and such Bill, Certificate and Approval, and also the Assignment thereof for Payment^by the Treasurer of the Navy, shall be in the Form set forth in the Schedule to this Act marked (A.), or Certificate, &*. to the like Effect.

III. And be it further enacted, That every such Bill drawn by any Physician as aforesaid under the BUUdrawn by Authority of this Act shall be approved by the Commander in Chief for the time being of the Fleet or Physiciao.S*-Squadron of which the Person so drawing shall be Physician; and that every such Bill drawn by any such cret?r^u?ur u Secretary^shall be approved by the Flag Officer to whom he shall be acting as Secretary; and that every such to be xp* Bill drawn by any Secretary's Clerk shall be approved by such Secretary; and the said Commander in pr0Ved.*Chief, Flag Officer and Secretary respectively, shall by so approving be held responsible that the Physician,

Secretary or Secretary's Clerk respectively so drawing hath been borne for Pay during the Period for which the Bill is drawn, and is entitled by this Act to draw for his Pay*

IV. And be it further enacted, That no such Mate or Midffiipmao shall be entitled to draw for his Pay Mates and Mid- uatil he shall have passed the prescribed Examinations touching his Qualifications to serve as Lieutenant at <Wpmen not tn-

the Royal Naval College, and before Three Captains, or such other Examinations as shall be from time to utfed todraw titt time duly prescribed and required in that Behalf, and shall have produced to the Captain of the Ship to which duc^d ^/having such Mate ot Midshipman belongs Certificates of his having passed both such Examinations, for which paired Examina*' Purpose Duplicates of such Certificates shall be given him at the time of passing: Provided always, that it non, &c.

shall and may be lawful for every such Mate or Midshipman so to draw, and for such Captain to approve P*oviifo for ctfe the Bill drawn by such Mate or' Midshipman, although he shall not have passed at the said Royal Naval College, or produced a Certificate of his having passed the fame, if his Certificate of his having passed his jjff; alShoCgh Examination before Three Captains, to be dated prior to the First Day of March One thousand eight hun- Mate, &c. have dred and sixteen, or to the Day on which the said Order of the Commissioners of the Admiralty establishing wx parted Exa-the said Regulations was received on any Foreign Station where such Mate or Midshipman was then serving. minition.

V. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited Act, intituled An Act for establishing a So much of

more etify and expeditious Method for the punQual and frequent Payment of the Wages and Pay of certain. 35 O.3. c. 94. Officers belonging to His Majesty's 'Navy, as authorizes any Captain, Commander, Lieutenant, Matter or ^ain Officefs Surgeon who shall be sent to Sick Quarters, and remain there for a longer time than Six Weeks, to draw or fenuo sick* cauie to-be drawn at the End of such Six Weeks a Bill or Set of Bills upon the Commissioners of His. Quarters to draw Majesty's Navy, for the Net Personal Wages or Pay-due to him to the Day of the Expiration of Six Weeks at the End of from and after his having been so sent to Sick Quarters, shall from and after the passing of this Act be and the sil I€-

fame is hereby repealed: Provided always, that it shall and may be lawful to and Tor every such Captain, '^Commander, Lieutenant, Matter and Surgeon who shall be so sent to Sick Quarters, to draw a Bill upon the jQ resp«a laid Commissioners of the Navy, for the Pay or Proportion of Pay (as by this Act allowed) that may be of Officers draw-due to him on the Day of his being discharged to Sick Quarters 5 such Bill, (as to a Lieutenant, Mailer, or ingforthe Pay Surgeon', ) being certified and approved in like manner as is hereinbefore directed with respect to other Bills dJfe^ drawn under the Authority of tins Act, and being indorsed upon or accompanied with a Certificate, under the

Hand of the Physician or Surgeon having Superintendence of the Hospital or Sick Quarters to which such

Officer shall have been so discharged, of the Day on which he shall have been received lftto such flospital or Sick Quarters.

VI. And be it further enacted, That Second Matters, passed Mates and passed Midshipmen, Clerks and Second Marten,

Schoolmattefs, permitted by this Act to draw for the Whole or any Part of ^heir Pay, shall be and they are Mj*restricted and prohibited from allotting any Portion of their Pay as heretofore; and that all the Enactments, " 13

Provisionj and Regulations, with respect to the drawing of Bills or Allotment of Pay, contained in either ha*tofore, &c. of the said recited Acts respectively, or in any other Act or Acts, shall from and after the passing of this Act Former Eo*&-be deemed and taken to be applicable to the Bills to be drawn and Allotments auowe<J, by or under this Act, ment* relati$ in the same manner to all Intents and Purposes as if the fame were fully and particularly repeated and re*

enacted herein, except so far as the same are hereinbefore repealed or altered; any thing hereinbefore contained*. e to 1, 5 '

to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

VII. And Whereas by the said Act passed in the Thirty fifth Year of His Majesty* Reign, intituled 35 G. 3. c. 9.

An Act for ejtabltshing a more easy and expeditious Method for the futiSual and frequent Payment of the Wages

and Pay of certain Officers belonging to His Majesty's Navy, it is provided, that every Commissioned Officer,

Matter and Surgeon of His Majesty's Navy on Half Pay, when appointed to a Ship, way, if no Impress

(lands against him, receive the Arrears of Half Pay due to him by an Order on the Treasurer of the Navy;

' And Whereas it would tend much to the Convenience of such Officers, Matters and Surgeons if they were,

' enabled to draw and negotiate a Bill or Bills for such Arrears of their Half Pay as herein after mentioned; 9 Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act it shall and may be lawful for eyefy Commissioned Officer, Matter and Surgeon in the Naval Service of His Majesty, to whpm any Arrears of Half. Commissioned Pay may be due, and who shall be appointed to command or serve on board apy Ship ot Vessel of His Majesty, on

which may be fitting at any Port of Great Britain, after receiving his Commission or Warrant of Appoint*

1 E 2 " 1 ment.

hb Arrears on being appointed to a Ship.

Certificate and Form of Bill to be transmitted to such Officer.

35 0.3. c. 94. Si-

On Appoints ment to Ships, Comrtliflioned Officers, Chaplains, See. may draw for Three Months' Pay in Advance.

Certificate and Form of Bill to be transmitted to such Officer.

Officers authorized to draw for Pay, having passed their Accounts, and received General Certificates specifying the Amount of Pay due, may make such Certificates negotiable by Indorsement. Forging Certificate?, Bills, Sec,

Death.

Bills not liable to Stamp Duty.

31 G. 1. c. 10.

3*- 3- c. 33.

npent, if he shall be defirqus of drawing a Bill>r Bills for his Arrears of Half Pay, to apply for that Purpose by Letter directed to the Commissionefrs of His Majesty's Navy, transmitting the usual Affidavit and Certificate of the Day when he commenced Full Pay, and that thereupon the said Commissioners or any Three of them, having ascertained that no Imprest is {landing against him, or that the Imprest against him (if any) is cleared, shall cause the Amount of Half Pay due to such Officer, Matter or Surgeon to be ascertained and duly attetted, and transmit to such Officer, Matter or Surgeon, a Certificate or Statement thereof, together with the Form of a Bill as in the Schedule to this Act marked (B.), or to the like Effect, to be drawn by such Officer, Matter or Surgeon; who, upon Receipt thereof, may and is hereby authorized to draw and negociate such Bill for the Amount so certified to be due, and which said Bill ftiajl be assigned for Payment on, and paid by the Treasurer of the Navy, and be a sufficient Voucher and Discharge to him for such Payment in his Annual Account.

VIII. And Whereas by the said last recited Act it is provided, that Commissioned Officers in the Navy appointed to Ships from Half Pay, haying no Imprett Handing against them, may obtain Three Months*

Pay in Advance, by an Order upon the Treasurer of the Navy: And Whereas it would be a Convenience to such Officers, as well a9 to Chaplains, Matters, Surgeons and Assistant Surgeons, who may be appointed in like manner, if they were enabled to obtain such Advance by Means of a Bill to be drawn and negociated and paid as is hereinbefore provided for the Payment of Arrears of Half Pay; Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, every Commissioned Officer, Chaplain, Matter, Surgeon and Assistant Surgeon in the Naval Service of His Majesty, who shall be appointed as aforesaid, and Hiau have been previously Three Calendar Months on Half Pav, and shall not nave any Imprett Handing against him uncleared, may apply for such Three Months* Pay in Advance by Letter directed to the Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy, transmitting a Certificate of the Day when he commenced Full Pay; whereupon the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, having ascertained that such Officer hath been previousty Three Months on Half Pay, and that no Imprett is Handing against him, or that the Imprett (if any) against him iq cleared, shall transmit to such Offiper a Certificate, and the Form of a Bill as in the Schedule to this Act marked (C*> or to the lib? Effect, to be drawn by him, and such Officer upon the Receipt thereof is hereby authorized to draw and negociate such Bill accordingly; and which said Bill shall be assigned for Payment on and paid by the Treasurer of the ^lavy, and, be a sufficient Voucher or Discharge to him for such Payment in his annual Account.

4 IX- And Whereas by the said last recited Act it is provided, that if Commissioned Officers, Matters, Surgepna in the Navy, and every other Description of Officers by this Act authorized to draw for Pay, have passed their Accounts for every Ship in which they may have Served, Three Commissioners of the Navy shall make out Certificates, distinguished by the Name of General Certificates, specifying the net Amount of the Pay which shall appear to be due to such Officers, and shall direct the Amount to be carried to the Credit of such Officer's Account Current: but no Mode being provided therein for the Payment of the Balance of such Pay due and not drawn for i* Be it therefore enacted, That every such Commissioned Officer, Matter, Surgeon* or other Officer who shall have passed his Accounts and obtained such General Certificate as in the said recited Act is mentioned, the Amount of which the said Commissioners shall have directed to be carried to thp Credit of such Officer's Account under the said recited Act, the said Officer is hereby authorized (upon the Back of such General Certificate as shall be delivered or transmitted to him, or to his Agent in pursuance of the Direction contained in the said recited Act) to make the Said General Certificate negotiable in the Nature of a Bill of Exchange by an Indorsement thereon, making the Contents thereof payable to his Order; which Indorsement, and any subsequent one that may be made upon the said Certificate, shall be Sufficient Authority to the Treasurer of thq Navy to pay the Amount of the said General Certificate to the Officer therein named, or to the Indorsee thereof, as the case may require; and shall a sufficient Voucher and Discharge to the said Treasurer for such Payment in his annual Account.

X. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall falsely make, forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be falsely made, forged or counterfeited, or shall willingly act or affid in the false making, forging or counterfeiting of any such Authority, Certificate, Bill, Approval or Assignment as is hereinbefore mentioned, or shall utter or publish as true any Inch false, forged, or counterfeited Authority, Certificate, Bilk> Approval or Assignment, knowing thp fame to be false, forged or counterfeited, with latent tq defraud any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Chrporate 5 every such Person so offending shall be deemed guilty of Felony, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall suffer Death as a Felon without Benefit of Clergy.

XI. And be it further enacted, That no Bill which shall be drawn under or by virtue of this Act shall he subject or liable to or be charged or chargeable with any Stamp Duty whatever-

XII. And Whereas Sick Tickets, Unserviceable Tickets, Foreign Remove Tickets and Discharge Tickets,

made.out to Inferibr and Petty Officers, Seamen, Non Commissioned Officers of Marines and Marines, in pur-. 'suance of the Several Acts of Parliament passed in the Thirty first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, -

King George the Second, intituled An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen employed in the Royal Navy, and for cjiablishing a regular Method for the punctual, frequent and certain Payment of their Wages; and for enabling them more easily and readily to remit the fame for the Support of their Wives and Famuics; and for preventing Frauds and Abuses attending such Payments; and of another A^l passed in the Thirty feconcl Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for explaining and amending an Act passed in the Thirty first 1 Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen employed in the Royal Navyf and for establish'isig a regular Ifictkod for the pvn&ualf frequent and

10 4 certain

A.D. 1817. 57° GEORGII

C. 2Q.

certain Payment of their Wages; and for enabling them more eqfily a*d readily to remit the fame for the Support of their Wives and Families; and for preventing Frauds and Abuses attending such Payments; and for further extending the Benefits thereof to Petty Officers and Seamen, Non Commissioned Officers of Marines and Marines* serving or <who may have served on board any of His Mayefiy's Ships; are not saleable or traits*

ferrable, but are payable only to the Persons therein named: And Whereas it is expedient that similar Ticket*

made out to th^ommission and Warrant Officers of the Royal Navy should be fubielt to the like Regula-

tious* Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the paffidg* of this Act no Sick Ticket, Unserviceable Stck Tickets, &c.

Ticket, Foreign Remove Ticket or Discharge Ticket, to be made Out to any Commission or Warrant nottnnsferrsble.

Officer in the Royal Navy, shall be saleable or transferable; but every such Ticket shall be paid only to

the Party in whole Favour the same shall be made out; and that all Sales, Alignments or Transfers'of any such Ticket shall be absolutely null and void, to all Intents and Purposes; any Law or Usage to the contrary

in anywise notwithstanding.

SCHEDULES to which this Act refers.

SCHEDULE (A.)

First Rate (Britannia), Lieutenant Thomas Bowling, entered 1st January 1817.

Full Pay from 1st January to 25th March 1817

Amount of Dedoftion for Slops, &c.

Ditto - - for Dead Men's Clothes

£ s. d.

s, d.

Nett Pay

Certified by

A.B. Purser.

Gentlemen,

TEN Days after Sight (my Second and Third Bill of this Tenor and Date not being paid) please to pay to John Bull, or Order, the Sum of* being the

nett Pay due to me as First Lieutenant of His Majesty's §hip (Britannia), between 1st January and 25th March 1817, for Value received*

Thomas Bowling.

Approved by

C.D. Captain of His Majesty's Ship (Britannia).

To the Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy, London.

ASSIGNMENT.

No. I. Navy Office, 3d April 1817.

To be paid by the Treasurer of His Majesty's Navy out of Monies received under the Head of Wages to Pay Officers.

e. F.y

G. H. > Coflimissioners of the I. K.)

N.B. The forging of this Bill, or the Purser's Certificate, Captain's Approval, or the Assignment thereof for Payment, or picturing any o^her Person to forge or utter the fame with an Intention to defraud any Person or Body Politic or Corporate, is made Felony without Benefit of Clercry by the Act of 57 Geo. 3. Cap... 67

4

SCHEDULE (B.)

Navy Office. — Order for Arrears of Half Pay.

Officers Quality. From what H»lf Pay. To what Ship Imprest. Front N. of Pays.: Per Diem. Full Nett

Name. Ship. Commencing. Ending. appointed. Charge.

i \

P. £* O. O* D*

Gentlemen,

AT Three Days* Sight pay to or Order, the Sum of

due to me for Arrears of Halt Pay as above dated. Thomas Bowling.

To the Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy, London.

THE Sum of to be paid by the Treasurer of Jii» Majesty's Navy, out of Money received under

the Head of Half Pay.

E. F. 1

G. H. > Commissioners of the Navy. To the Treasurer of His Majesty's Navy, London. L K. j

SCHEDULE (C.)

Rate. Ship's Name. Officer's Name. Quality. When entitled to Full Pay.

THESE are to certify there is no Imprest against Dated the Day of 18

Pay for Three Months' Advance

At the Day of 18

Gentlemen,

AT Three Days' Sight, please tp pay to or Order, the Sum of

being for Three Months' Advance of Pay to me, between the Day of

Day of

To the Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy, London.

G B.

P. E. 0.

and the

No.

Navy Office, the

Da^ of

18

THE Sum of to be paid by the Treasurer of His Majesty's Navy, out of Monies

received under the Head of Wages to pay Officers, being for Three Months' nett Pay in advance, to the pay of 18 ,

E. F.

G. H. > Commissioners of the N^vy.

/. K. 3

C. 21, 22

3*

A.D. 1817. 57° GEORGII III.

CAP. XXI.

An Act to revive and continue for Two Years, and from thence until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, Two Acts made in the Forty seventh and Fiftieth Years of His present Majesty, for the preventing improper Persons from having Arms in Ireland.

[29th April 1817.]

TTTHfcREAS an Act was made in the Forty feveath Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, W intituled an Act to prevent improper Persont from having Arms in Ireland, to continue in force from the passing thereof for Two Years, and from thence until the End of the then nest Session of Parliament: And Whereas by an Act made in the Fiftieth Year of His present Majesty's Reign the said recited Act was continued for Two Years, and from thence until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and amended: And Whereas by an Act made in the Fifty third Year of His present Majesty's Reign both the said recited Acts were further continued for Two Years, and from thence until the End of the then next Sessionrof Parliament; and it is expedient that the said recited Acts of the Forty seventh and Fiftieth Years of His present Majesty's Reign (hoyld be revived and further continued5' Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Act of the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, as the said Act is amended by the said recited Act made in the Fiftieth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, and also the said recited Act of the said Fiftieth Year, shall be and the said Two Acts are hereby revived and further continued, and shall be, remain and continue in force for Two Years, from and after the passing of this Act, and from theqce until the-End of the then next Session of Parliament.

CAP. XXII.

An Act to amend Two Acts of the Fifty fourth and Fifty fifth YeArs of His Majesty's Reign,

to provide for the better Execution of the Laws in Ireland, by appointing Superintending Magistrates and additional Constables in Counties in certain cases.

[29th April 1817.]

WHEREAS an Act Was passed in the Fifty fourth Year of His Majesty's Reign to provide for the 4 W better Execution of the Laws in Ireland, by appointing Superintending Magistrate* and additional Constables in Counties in certain Cases 5 which Act was amended by an Act passed for that Purpose in the Fifty fifth Year of His Majesty's Reign r And Whereas, by and under the Provisions of the said first recited Act, Power is given to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, for the Aid and Support of any Chief Magistrate, duly appointed as therein mentioned, respectively to appoint a Chief Constable, and any Number of Sub Constables not exceeding Fifty; and by the Provisions of the said last recited Act, in case the Office of such Chief Magistrate shall extend into Two Counties, a similar Pofcer is given to place a similar Establishment, if necessary, under his Orders, in each of such Counties: And Whereas it may be sufficient in certain cases to appoint One Chief Magistrate only for more Baronies* than One, or for a more extended District in the same County, provided that such Chief Magistrate shall have the Aid and Support of an increased Number of Chief and Sub Constables* Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, to appoint, for the Aid and Support of any such Chief Magistrate, such and so many Chief and Sub Constables as such Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors shall think proper: Provided always, that there shall not in any case be more than One such Chief Constable, nor more than Fifty such Sub Constables, for any One Barony or Half Barony, or for any County of a City, or County of a Town, or District ofless Extent than any Barony or Half Barony off such County in which such District is situate.

II. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Clauses and Provisions in the said Acts respectively contained shall apply to all and every the Chief Constable and Chief Constables, Sub Constable and Sub Constables so to be appointed, in the same manner in all respects as if they had been appointed under the said Acts respectively.

III. And .Whereas, under the Provisions of the said recited Acts, all and every the Salaries, Allowances, Costs, Charges and Expeoces therein mentioned respectively are directed to be borne and defrayed by Pre- fentment in manner therein provided respectively; and it may happen that the whole of such Expence may in certain cases be found too burthensome upon the County, Barony, Half Barony, or other District or Part of 4 a County by which the said Salaries, Allowances, Costs, Charges and E*pences are by the said Acts re*. 4 quired to be borne and defrayed by Presentment as aforesaid Be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief*Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, by the Advice of the Privy Council in Ireland, to order and direct that any Part or Portion not exceeding Two Thirds of all and every Salaries, Allowances, Rents, Taxes, Costs, Charges and Expences, which shall at any time after the passing of this Act be incurred or become payable under the Provisibns of the said recited Acts or either of them, or of this Act, shall absolutely and finally be payable and paid by and out of the Consolidated Fund, and that the Residue only shall be borne and defrayed by Presentment, in manner in the said Acts provided respectively.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Chief Secretary of the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Grovernors of Ireland for the time being, shall from time to time daiifc Account? to be prepared

47 G.3. SeCa. c. 54.

50 G. 3. c. 109.

revived and further continued.

54 G. 3. C. 131.

55 G. > c. 13.

Lord Lieutenant may appoint Chief and SuK Constables to assist the Magistratea.

The Number.

Recited Acts to extend to such Constables.

Lord Lieutenant may direct Two Thirds of the Salaries, Expences, See. of executing recited Acts to be paid out of Consolidated Fund, and the Residue only to be borne by Presentment.

Accounts of Proclamations, and Appointments

and Expences, to be laid before Parliament.

7 G. c. 18.

56 G. 3.C. a.

7 G.a. c. 18. further continued.

Act may be altered , &c. this Session.

53 0.3. c. t»i. §

54 G. 3. C. 70. i ft8.

G.22, 23, 24. 57° GEO It Gl I III. A.D. 1817.

of all Proclamations ifilled under or by virtue of the said recited Acts, specifying the Counties, Baronies and Districts by such Proclamations respectively declared te be in a State of Disturbance; and also of the Names of ail Chief Magistrates and other Officers appointed for the Execution of the said recited Acts in such Counties Barofties and Districts respectively; and also of the Amount of all Salaries, Allowances, Rents, Taxes, Cefts, Charges and Expences incurred in conference of any such Proclamations; and that such Chief Secre-taty shall cause such Accounts to be from time to time laid before both Houses of Parliament, within* One Calendar Month next after the Commencement of each Session of Parliament.

CAP. XXIII.

An Act to further continue* until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty, an Act of the Seventh Tear of King George the Second* for the free Importation of Cochineal and Indigo* [29th April 1817.]

WHEREAS an Act wai made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for the Revival of an Act made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the EirJI, intituled An Act for the free Importation of Cochineal during the Time therein limited, and also fir thefrte Importation of Indigo, which was to continue in force, from the Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand seven hundred and thirty four, for the Term of Seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then nett Session of Parliament; and which by several subsequent Acts was further continued from the Expiration thereof until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and

fourteen: Aud Whereas by an Act passed in the Fifty fourth Year of His present Majesty the said Act was

revived from the said Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, and continued

in force until Nine Months after the Conclusion of the then present War: And Whereas by an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament the said Act was again revived and further continued until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seventeen: And Whereas it is expedient that the said Act should he further continued; f Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act shall continue^ in force from the said Twenty fifth day of March One thousand eight hundred and seventeen until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty.

II. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, amended, or repealed by any Act or Acts to he passed in the present Session of Parliament.

CAP. XXIV.

An Act to alter and enlarge the Powers of an Act, passed in the Fifty fourth Year of His present Majesty* intituled An Act for the further Improvement af the Land Revenue of the Crown.

[23d May 1817.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for making a more convenient Communication from Mary le Bone Park and the Northern Parte of the Metropolis, in the Parips of Saint Mary le Bone, to Charing Cross within the Liberty of Westminster, and far making a more convenient Sewage fir the fame, it Was enacted, that the Commissioners for the time being of His Majesty's Woods, Fotefla and Land Revenues should be and they were thereby appointed Commissioners for carrying the Purposes of the said Act into Execution, and they were thereby empowered to borrow and take up at Interest from time to time such Sum or Sums of Money to enable them to carry the several Purposes of the said Act into Execution, as they should Judge necessary, not exceeding the Two several Sums of Five hundred thousand Pounds, and One hundred thousand Pounds j And Whereas by an Act passed in the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the further Improvement of the Land Revenue of the Crown, it was amongst other Things enacted, that it should and might he lawful to and for the Commissioners for executing the said recited Act passed in the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, by and with the Approbation of the Lord High Treasurer or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer for the time being, or any Three or more of them, and notwithstanding any Provision, Restriction or Clause contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament relating to His Majesty's Land Revenues, to borrow and take up at Interest such Sum or Stuns of Money as they the said Commissioners for executing the said recited Act of the Fifty third Year aforesaid- with such Approbation as aforesaid, should judge necessary for the Purposes of the said Act, not exceeding what should then remain to he raised of the said Two Sums of Five Hundred thousand Pounds and One hundred thousand Pounds, by any Loan or Loans upon the Credit of the Land Revenues of the Crown 4 4 and it was thereby further declared and enacted, that it should and might he lawful to and for any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Companies, (other than except the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, the Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain trading to the South Sea- and other Parts of America^ and the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, ) 4 to advance or lend any Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part or Parts of the Capital or other Monies or Funds of or belonging to such Person or Persons* Bodies Politic or Corporate* or Companies, not exceeding what should then remain to he raised of the said Two Sums of Five hundred thousand Pounds and One hundred thousand Pounds, to the said Commissioners for executing the said lafi mentioned Act, upon the Credit of the said Land Revenues of the Crown# fb as that all such Loans should be made by and

A.D. 1817.

57° GEORGII IH.

C. 4-

3-3

with the Approbation of the said Lord High Treasurer or the Commissioner for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer for the time being, or any Three or more of th$m, who was or were thereby authorized to issue hi* or their Warrant or Warrants for that Purpose: And Whereas the said Commissconft-s 4 for carrying the said incited Admf the Fifty third .Year of the Reign of His present Majesty into Executiotif havl, since the pafiingfof the said last recited Act, borrowed of the Corporation of the Royal Exchange 4 AJfuranee the Sum of Three hundred thousand Pounds in Part of the said several Sums of Five hundred < thousand Pounds and One hundred thousand Pounds, upon the Credit of the said Land Revenues: And Whereas it would tend to facilitate the raising the Remainder of the said Sums of Five hundred thousand Pounds and One hundred thousand Pounds, if the Powers of the said recited Act of the Fifty fourth Year of His present Majesty'a.Reign were extended in manner herein after mentioned May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament at-fomhled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons whomsoever, or any Rodies Politic or Corporate, or Companies whatsoever, to advance or lend v any Sum 'or Sums of Money, or any Part or Parts of the Capital or other Monies or Funds of or belonging to such Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Companies, not exceeding in Amount what now remains to be raised of the said Two Sums of Fire hundred thousand Pounds and One hundred thousand Pounds, to the Commissioners for the time being for executing the said recited Act of the Fifty third Year of the Reign of Hit said Majesty upon the Credit of the Land Revenues of the Crown, subject and without Prejudice to the Suns so already advanced by the said Royal Exchange AJfuranee Company, and to the Provisions made by the said recital Ad of the Fifty fourth Year of His Majesty's Reign for the Repayment thereof, and for the Payment gf the Interest thereof, (so as that all such Loans be made by and with the Approbation of the Lord High Treasurer of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland* or the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for the time being, or any Three or more of them, who is or are hereby authorized to issue his or their Warrant or Warrants for that Purpose, ! XK>t with (landing, any Thing contained to the contrary in an Act of Parliament made and pafind in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary* intituled An Act for granting to their Majesties federal Rates and Duties upon Tonnage of Ships and Vessels and upon Beer, Ale and other Liquors* for securtng certain Recompenses and Advantages in, tie said Act mentioned to such Persons as shall voluntarily advance the Sum of Fifteen hundred thousand Pounds towards carrying on the War against France; or in an Act of Parliament made and passed in the Thirty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend and continue* until One Month after the Conclusion of the present War* the Provisions contained in an Act passed in the Session of Parliament of the Thirty sixth and Thirty seventh Years of Jits present Majesty* Cap. 91. (videlicet), on the Twenty second of June One thousandftven hundred and ninety seven* for the Restriction on Payments of Cash by the Bank; or in any other Act or Acts of Parliament for further continuing the said last mentioned Act of Parliament, or the Provisions thereof, or the said Restriction on Payments of Cash by the Bank; and notwithstanding any Thing contained in any other Act or Ada of Parliament, or Statute, or Charter, Bye Law, or Ordinance; and that everj foeh Loan so to be made shall be deemed to be and the fame is hereby declared to be, a Loan upon a Parliamentary Security; and the said Land Revenues of the Crown shall be deemed and taken to be, and are hereby declared to be, a Part or Parts, Branch or Branches of the Revenues of His Majesty, upon which a Credit of Loan to the Extent of the re-jspective Sums so to be advanced or raised under the Provisions of this Act is granted by Parliament, and upon which any Part or Parts of the Capital or other Monies or Funds of any such Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Companies whatsoever, may be advanced within the true Intent and Meaning of any Act or Acts of Parliament, Charter, Bye Law, Statute, or Ordinance whereby any Monies are authorized or permitted to be advanced upon Parbamentary Security, or any Part or Parts, Branch or Branchesof the Revenue of His Majesty upon which a Credit of Loon is granted by Parliament; and every such Loan shall be wood, valid, and effectual; any Exception contained in the said recited Act of the Fifty fourth Year of the Reiga of his said Majesty, or any Provision contained in the Statutes of Mortmain, or in any other Statute, Charter, Bye Law or Ordinance, to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding; bat subject and without prejudice to the said Loan so advanced by the said Royal Exchange AJfuranee Company and the Provisions so made for the Repayment thereof, and for the Payment of the Interest theseof as aforesaid.

II. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Companies whatsoever, who shall agree to lead any Money upon the Credit of the said Land Revenues, shall receive a Certificate under the Hands aari Seals of Two ov more of the Commissioners for executing the said recited Act of the Fifty third Year of His present Majesty, in the Form or to the Bffed following:

Certain Capital Monies or Corporate Funds may be advanced on the Credit of the Land Rtro-iwei of, the Crown.

Such I4MU1 to be made with the Approbation of the Treasury,

notwithstanding

S & 6 W. Si M.

c. ao.

38 G. 3. c. 1.

or any other Act of Parliay ment.

Every such Lota deemed a Loan on Parliamentary Security.

Proviso for Loan by Royal Exchange Auiir-ance Company. Persons advancing Money to have Certificate thereof signed by the Cornnuffioneri.

Form of the Certificate.

we, A. and B.* Two of the Commissionen for executing an Act passed in the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for making a more convenient Communication from Mary le Bone Park and the Northern Parts of the Metropolis, in the Parish of Saint Mary le Bone, to Charing Cross within the Liberty of Westminster, and for making a more convenient Sewage for the fame; in exercise of the Powers vested in us by the said Act, and by another Act passed in the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, intit Sled An Act for the further Improvement of the Land Revenue of the Crown* and of another Act passed in the Fifty seventh Year of the Reign of Hit said Majesty, intituled An Act [here insert the Tule of this Act'] do hereby certify, that C. 2). [insert the Name, Title or Definition of 57 Geo. III. F 1 the

Certificate to be witnessefi by One of the Secretaries or Clerks to the Commissioners.

Receipt by Cashier of the Bank.

Form of Receipt.

Certificate and

Receipt to be enrolled in Office of Auditor of His Majesty's Land Revenues for Middlesex.

Loans charged on Land Revenues.

Proviso for Loan by Royal Exchange Aflur-ance Company.

Treasury to make Payments accordingly.

In case any Part of the Principal Loan, or of the Interest thereof, be unpaid for Three Months,

C. 24. 57° GEORGII III. A.D. 1817.

the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Company, by whom or on vthofe Behalf the Loan is to be advanced'] hath [or, haye] con traced and agreed to advance and lend to the said Commissioners for 4 'executing the said Acts, upon the Credit of the Land Revenues of the Crown, the Sum of

4 to be applied by them for and towards the carrying the fevetal Purports of the said Acts into Execution;

which Sum is to be paid by the said C.D. to One of the Cashiers of the Bhnk of England, and to be car*

ried to the Account of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, being \ 4 The jNew Street Account and from and immediately after the Payment of the fame in manner aforesaich

the said Stun of shaft, by virtue of the said Acts, become and be a Loan charged upon the Whole of the Land Revenues of the Crown, (but subject and without prejudice to the Sum of Three hundred thousand Pounds advanced by the Corporation of the Royal Exchange Assurance^ and to the Provision made by the said Act of the Fifty fourth Year of His Majesty's Reign for the Repayment thereof, and for the Payment of the Interest thereof); and such Revenues shall, subject as aforesaid, from thenceforth be charged with and liable to the Repayment of the said Capital Sums so to be advanced by the Instalmentf,

in the Proportions, and at or upon the Days or times herein after mentioned, that is to say, {here insert the Terms agreed upon for the Repayment,] and to the Payment of Interest for the said Principal Sufn, or so much thereof as shall from time to time remain unpaid, after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum jper Annum, {or lesser Rate as the case may be,] such Interest to be computed from the time the said Principal Sum shall be so advanced, and to be paid Half Yearly, until the Whole of the said Principal Sum, and Interest thereon, shall be fully paid and discharged. Given under our Hands and Seals, this

Day of One thousand eight hundred and

And every such Certificate shall be witnessed by One of the Secretaries or Clerks for the time being to the said Commissioners for carrying the said recited Acts into Execution; and upon the Production of such CertifL cate or Certificates, the Cashiers of the Bank, or one of them, shall and are or is hereby reqqired to accept and receive the Sum or Sums therein specified, and at the Foot or Back of such Certificate to acknowledge the Receipt of the said Monies, without Fee or Reward; and the Receipt to be given by such Cashier of the Bank, at the Foot or on the Back of such Certificate as aforesaid, shall be in the Words and Figures follow* ing, or as near thereto as may be; (that is to say, )

"RECEIVED the Day of One thousand eight hundred and of and from A.B. the Sum of of lawful Money of Great Britain, being the Surti

to be paid into the Bank of England pursuant to the above Certificate, and which Sum is placed to the

Account of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, being The 'New 1 Street Account/

Witness my Hand

For the Governor and Company of the Bank of England.

(Signed) Cashier/

Which said Certificate and Receipt shall be enrolled in the Office of the Auditor of His Majesty's Land Revenues for the County of Middfefex9 on Payment of the usual Fees for such Enrolment, and a Minute or Extract thereof shall be entered and preserved in the Office of the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods* Forests, and Land Revenues, and also in a Book to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk to the said Commissioners for executing the said recited Act of the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His said Majesty; and every such Certificate and Receipt, when so given, granted, and enrolled, shall be and they are hereby declared to be conclusive Evidence of the Advance of every such Loan, and of the Day or time of making such Advance.

III. And be it further enacted, That when any such Certificate and Receipt shall be so signed, enrolled and entered as aforesaid, every fitch Loan or Loans, the Receipt whereof shall be so acknowledged as aforesaid, shall be and the fame is and are hereby charged upon the whole of the said Land Revenues of the Crown, (subject and without Prejudice to the Loan so advanced by the said Corporation of the Royal Exchange Assurance, and the Provisions made by the said recited Act of the Fifty fourth Year of His Majesty's Reign for the Repayment thereof, and for the Payment of the Interest thereof as aforesaid, ) and such Revenues shall from thenceforth be subject and liable to such new Loan or Loans, and the Repayment thereof and the Inte-rest thereof, at such Rate, in such manner and by such Proportions, and at such time or times, as shall be stipulated and agreed upon by and between the said Commissioners for the time being for executing the said recited Act of the Fifty third Year of His Majesty's Reign, and the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Companies, making such Advance, and as shall be mentioned, specified or expressed in the said Certificate, and the Lord High Treasurer or the Commissioners for executing the Office of*Lord High Treasurer for the time being, is and are hereby authorized, empowered and required to make such Payments accordingly, when and as the same shall become due and payable out of the said Land Revenues of the Crown, after Payment of the necessary Charges of the Management thereof, prior to any other Application of such Land Revenues save and except so far as such Revenues are or ought to be applied in the Repayment of the said Sum of Three hundred thousand Pounds so advanced by the said Corporation of the Royal Exchange Assurance, and in the Payment of the Interest thereof in the mean time as aforesaid).

IV. And be it further enacted, That in case it shall happen that any Payment of Interest accruing upon any Loan or Loans to be made in pursuance of this Act shall not be satisfied out of the said Land Revenues within the space of Three Calendar Months after the same shall have become due, or in case any Portion or Part of the Principal of any such Loan or Loans shall not be paid or dischargedout of the said Land Revenues' within the like Space of Three Calendar Months after the same shall have become due, that then the Lord

12 High

A.D. 1817.

57° GEORGII III. C. 24^ 25* 35

the same to he advanced by Treasury.

Monies advanced to be replaced out of the first Monies to arise from the Land Revenue. Proviso for Royal Exchange A durance. Loans and Deeds exempted from Stamp Duties.

High Treasurer of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for the time being, or any Three or more of them, is and are hereby authorized, empowered, and required, upon the Demand or Requisition* of the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or'Corporate, or Company, who shall have made such Loan or Loans, or be entitled, to such Interest or such Portion of Principal as shall be so in Arrear, due or unpaid, to make Payment of such Interest or Principal (as the* case may be) which shall be so in Arrear, due or unpaid, out of any Monies at his or their Disposal, granted by Parliament for the Supplies of the then current Year.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any such Payment shall be advanced or made from or out of such Supplies for the Purposes aforesaid in pursuance of this Act, that then the Amount thereof shall be made good and replaced to the Credit of such Supplies out of the first Monies which shall arise from the Receipt of the Land Revenues of the Crown, after Payment of the necessary Charges of Management thereof, and or any Sum or Sums which shall be then due or payable for or in respect of the Loan so advanced by the said Corporation of the Royal Exchange Assurance, and in preference to any Charge whatsoever upon the same.

VI.*And be it further enacted, That no Loan which shall be advanced, nor any Certificate or Receipt which shall be made or given for the fame, by virtue of this Act, nor any Agreement, Deed or Instrument in relation thereto, shall be subject or liable to aDy ad valorem Duty, or other Stamp Duty whatsoever imposed by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in force, nor to any Stamp Duty to be imposed by any future Act or Acts of Parliament, unless such Loan or Certificate, Receipt, Agreement, Deed, or Instrumqnt, shall be specially subjected and specifically charged in and by such future Act or Acts of Parliament.

CAP. XXV.

An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty, for repealing the Duties of Assessed Taxes, and granting new Duties in lieu thereof; and to exempt such Dwelling Houses as may be employed for the sole Purpose of Trade, or of lodging Goods,

Wares or Merchandize, from the Duties charged by tl\e said Act.

[23d May ifiiy.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Forty eight Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled 48 G. 3. c. is-€ An Act for repealing the Duties of Assessed Taxes, and granting new Duties in lieu thereof and certain Additional Duties to be consolidated therewith; and also for repealing the Stamp Duties on Game Certificates,

and granting new Duties in lieu thereof to be placed under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, certain Duties were granted to His Majesty upon Houses, Windows and Lights, as set forth in the Schedule to the said Act annexed, marked (A.) and upon inhabited Houses, as set forth in the Schedule to the said Act annexed, marked (B.): And Whereas it is become usual in Cities and large Towns,

and other Places, for One and the same Person, or for each Person where two or more Persons are in Paftnejrship, to occupy a Dwelling House or Dwelling Houses for their Residence, and at the same time One or

more separate and distinct Tenements or Buildings, or Parts of Tenements or Buildings, for the Purposes of Trade, or as Warehouses for Lodging Goods, Wares or Merchandize therein, or as Shops or Counting

Houses, and to abide therein hi the Day time only for the Purposes of such Trades respectively, which have been charged with the said recited Duties, although no' Person shall inhabit or dwell therein in the Night

time; and it is expedient in such cases to exempt from the said Duties such Tenements or Buildings, or Parts of Tenements or Buildings, as are or shall be solely employed for the Purposes herein mentioned Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, on due Proof Tenements made in the manner herein directed, to the Satisfaction of the respective Commissioners acting in the Execution which h*ve been of the said recited Act, that any Person or any Number of Persons in'Partner ship together respectively oc- ^cuP'.ed cnpy a Tenement or Building, or Part of a Tenement or Building, which shall have previously been occupied (h^f Jo? be* for the purpose of Residence wholly, as a House for the Purposes of Trade only, or as a Warehouse for the charged to Du-sole purpose of lodging Goods, Wares or Merchandize therein, or as a Shop or Counting House, no Person ties under reinhabiting, dwelling or abiding therein, except in the Day time only, for the Purpose of such Trade, such cited Act "ben Person or each of luoh Persons in Partnership respectively redding in a separate and distinct Dwelling House, Solely

or Part of a Dwelling House, charged to the Duties under the said Act, it shall be lawful for the said Com- of Vrade"or°as* missioners, according to the Provisions of this Act, to discharge. the Assessment made for that Year in relped Warehouses, of such Tenement or Building which shall be so used for the Purposes of Trade, or so employed as a Ware- Shops, kc. house for the sole Purpose of lodging Goods, Wares or Merchandize therein, or as a Shop or Counting House; any thing in the said Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all such Tenements or Buildings, whether employed But such Tene-wholly for the Purposes of Trade or as Warehouses for the sole Purpose of lodging Goods, Wares or Mer- ents may be chandize therein, or as a Shop or Counting House, may be brought into Assessment as Pwelling Houses in Act^ffmenc.° the manlier directed by the said Act 5 and every Person intending to be relieved from the Assessment made in persons claiming respect of his or her Tenement or Building used for the Purposes of Trade, or as a Warehouse for the foie Relief to give Purpose of lodging Goods, Wares or Merchandize therein, or as a Shop or Counting House, by virtue of Notice to Af-this Act, shall in such case give Notice thereof to the Assessor or Surveyor of or for the Parish or Place where feffor> such last mentioned Tenement or Building shall be situate, and at the same time deliver a Declaration in Writing, stating the Parish or*Place where the Dwelling House or Dwelling Houses, or Part of a Dwelling House used as the Residence of him, her or them, or his, her or their Family or Families, are respectively


Tenement* to be

inspe£led-by Assessor, See.

If such Tenement used for any other Purpose, then Commissioners to affef* accordingly.

Assessments made on filth Premises for the Years ending 5th April 1816 and 5th April 1817 to be discharged, and Money paid under such Assessmems to be repaid by the Receiver General.

But no Assessment discharged but upon Notice, &c.

Mills or Places of Manufacture, 8ec. not attached to a Dwelling House not liable to Duty, though a Servant licensed to guard the fame abide therein.

Proviso for One glaxed Window in a Dairy in a Faxm House.

Regulations of this Act respecting Warehouses applied to such Windows.

v

48 G. 3.0.14a.

49 O. 3.C. 64.

ja G. 3. c.np.

C. 25, 26. 57° GEORGII 1IL A.D. 1817.

situate 5 and every Assessor or Surveyor to whom such Notice and Declaration shall be delivered, and every Surveyor of the District acting for such Parish or 'Place, whether he shall have received such Notice and Declaration or ribt, who shall have Information of such Claim being made or to be made, shall upon Request, from time to time and at all times in the Day time, be admitted to inspect and survey the Tenement or Building described to be so employed, as well internally as externally* and shall inquire and examine into the Ufea and Purposes to which the fame is or has been employed 5 and if after any such Chum made, or before or after Allowance thereof, it shall be discovered that the fame Tenement or Building hath been employed for any other Use than for the Purposes of Trade, or as a Warehouse for lodging Goods, ^Vare6 or Merchandize, or as a Shop or Counting House, or that any Person doth inhabit or dwell therein, except as aforesaid, then on due Proof thereof before the said Commissioners, they shall and are hereby required to a(fess and charge the said Tenement or Building as a Dwelling House to the Duties granted by the said Act, notwithstanding such Claim or any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary: Provided always, that nothing hereinbefore contained shall be construed to impeach or affect any Exemption from the said Duties expressly contained in the said recited Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners acting in the Execution of the said recited Act and this Act to discharge any Assessments which shall have been made for the Years ending the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, and the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and seventeen respectively, on the Owner or Occupant, upon Houses, Tenements or Buildings, which under the Provisions of this Act would have been exempted from the Payment of Duties in case the said Act had related to such lad mentioned Assessments; and in all cases where Assessments so discharged shall have been previously paid by the Parties, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to certify such Discharge or Discharges, with the Cause or Causes thereof, to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes; and in that case it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes to order and direct the Receiver General of the County, Riding" or Division, who shall have received the Sums so paid under such discharged Assessments, to repay the same to the Party; which Order shall be an Authority to such Receiver General to repay the fame, and such Repayment shall be allowed in his Accounts: Provided always, that mo such Assessment shall be discharged except upon a Notice and Declaration being delivered by the Party-making the Claim to the Assessor or Surveyor of the Parish or Place, in the same manner as is required with respect to the Exemption allowed by this Act.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Occupier of any Mill or Place of Manufacture or Warehouse, not being Part or Parcel of any Dwelling House, nor attached or adjoining to any Dwelling House, nor having any internal Communication therewith, may by the License in Writing of the Commissioners of the District, signed by them, or any Three or more of them assembled at any Meeting, after due Notice given by the Occupier of such Mill or Place of Manufacture, appoint any One of his or lies Servants named in such License to watch and guard the said Mill, or Place of Manufacture or Warehouse, in the Night time, and that the abiding of such licensed Servant therein, for the purpose of watching and guarding the fame, shall not render the Occupier thereof liable to any of the Duties granted by the said recited Act.

V. And Whereas by the said recited Act certain Windows or Lights in the Room of any Dwelling House, ' used as a Dairy or Cheese Room, are exempted from the said Duties, provided that the said Windows or Lights shall be made with Splines or Wooden Laths, or Iron Bars or Wires, and wholly without Glass:

And Whereas it is expedient to exempt from the said Duties on Windows or Lights One Window or Light

in any Dwelling House being a Farm House, occupied by a Tenant, and bonafde used for the purposes of

Husbandry only, in manner herein after mentioned; 9 Be it further enacted, That from and after the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, One Window or Light in any Dairy or Cheese Room, or Room used as a Dairy and Cheese 'Room in any Farm House before described, which shall be used by the Tenant of such Farm House for the purpose of keeping Butter or Cheese, or both, being the actual Produce of such Farm, for Sale or private Use, although the said Window or Light be made with Glass, shall be exempted from the said Duty under the fame Terms and Conditions as Windows or Lights made with Splines or Wooden Laths, or Iron Bars or Wires, and without Glass, are by the said Act exempted from the said Duty; provided that the Regulations of this Act respecting Warehouses and other Places used for the purposes of Trade, in order to obtain the Exemptions granted by this Act, and the Powers vested in the Surveyors of entering, viewing and examining the fame, shall be duly observed, practised and applied in regard to Windows or Lights in Dairies and Cheese Rooms, as fully and effectually as if the fame Regulations and Powers were respectively repeated and expressly applied to the said last mentioned Windows or Lights.

CAP. XXVI.

An Act to amend and render more effectual Four several Acts passed in the Forty eighth, Forty ninth, Fifty second, and Fifty sixth Years of His present Majesty, for enabling the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt to grant Life Annuities.

[23d May 1817.]

WHEREAS an Act passed in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for enabling the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt to grant Life Annuities: And Whereas another Act passed in the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament y for enabling the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt to grant Life Annuities: And Whereas another Act passed in the Fifty second Year of the 1 Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for amending Two Acts taffed in the Forty eighth and Forty

A.D. 1817. 570 GEORG-II III, C. 26, $y

ninth Years of His present Majesty, for enabling the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt to

grant Life Annuities: And Whereas another Act passed in the Fifty sixth Year of the Reign of His present 56 G. 3.0.53.

Majesty, intituled An Act to amend and.render more effectual Three federal Acts passed in the Forty % eighth,

' Forty ninth and Fifty second Tears of His present Majesty, for enabling the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt to grant Life Annuities: And Whereas it is expedient that the said Acts should be ' amended, and further Proyfions made for rendering the same more effectual; Be it therefore enactec) by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal,

and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful Extending the for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby empowered, to extend the granting of Annuities to and for granting of An-the Life of any single Nominee, or to and for the joint Lives of any Two Nominees, and the Life of the nuities to Per* longer Liver, who shall be of the Age of Twenty one Years, and under Thirty five, according to the Provi-fiems, Limitations, and Restrictions of the said recited Acts, except so far as the same shall be altered and 35/ varied by this Act; and* in order to facilitate the Purchase of Life Annuities, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners Commissioners to accept and receive either Four Pounds ?cr Centum or Five Pounds per Centum Bank Annui- may receive 4l. ties, as the Consideration for the Purchase of Life Annuities; and for the Purpose of ascertaining the Price or*V £er Cent* of such Stock or Annuities, the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England shall and they are hereby re- ctafe of Life*" quired, on every t>ay on which any of the said Annuities shall have been bought at the Bank of England, to Annuities!*cause an Account to be made out of the Average Price thereof, according to the Regulations prescribed by Average Prices the said recited Acts in the case of Three Pounds per Centum Bank* Annuities; which Account shall be of such Stock to transroitted to the Officer to be appointed for that Purpose by the said Commissioners, for enabling he made out and him to ascertain the respective Amounts of the Life Annuities which may be purchased under the Pro- offi^J., ttcdl° visions of this Act: c

II. And be it further enacted, That when any Four Pounds per Centum or Five Pounds/rr Centum Bank 5l.and 4]. per Annuities shall be transferred for the Purchase of Life Annuities, that such Four Pounds or Five Pounds Cent. Stock to per Centum Bank Annuities shall be first converted by the Computation of the said Officer into Three Pounds co"v*nc? by per Centum Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities (at the Option of the Purchaser) according to thererCent!*0 Average Price of those Stocks, to be ascertained as directed by the said recited Acts, and the Life Annui- Stock.

ties to be granted thereon shall be calculated and ascertained upon the Amount of Three Pounds per Centum Annuities, including Fractions (if any) produced by such Conversion.

III. And be it Further enacted, Tlrnt it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby Money miy be empowered, to accept and receive Money in lieu of any Bank Annuities recited in this Act, or in lieu of accepted in lieu Bank or Long Annuities in any of the said recited Acts, as the Consideration for the Purchase of L^e fGfthe Annuities; provided that the Annuity to be granted in such Cases shall be ascertained and computed upon p^l^of.Life the Amount of Stock including Fractions (if any) which would have been produced if such Money had Annuities, been previously invested in either Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities (at the

Option of the Purchaser) according to the Average Price thereof, to be ascertained as hereinbefore directed j and a Charge of Two Shillings and Sixpence shall be made upon the said Purchaser or Purchasers for every entire One hundred Pounds of Three Pounds per Centum Stock produced as aforesaid, to be placed to the Account of the said Commissioners.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby Authorizing the empowered, to grant a deferred Annuity or Annuities upon the Life of any Angle Nominee, of the Age of Grant of defer-Twenty one Years or upwards at the time of Contract, to commence at any future Period to be fixed by the red Annuities. Purchaseri or to grant an Annuity or Annuities upon the Contingency of One Life, of Twenty one Years or upwards at the time of such Purchase, surviving another assigned Life, not being under the Age of Twenty

one Years as aforesaid; the first Half Yearly Payment of which latter Annuity shall commence on the Second

Quarterly Day of Payment immediately following the Death of such assigned Nominee; but previous to the

Payment of the said last mentioned Annuity, a Copy of the Burial ^egilter of the said Nominee (or some Copy of lAirial

other satisfactory Proof) shall be produced to the said Officer, accompanied by such and the like Affidavits RegisterofNo-

as are required to be made and taken on the purchasing of Life Annuities by the said recited Acts; and

upon the Productum of such Proof the said Officer is hereby required to certify the same to the Governor Affidavit!'*

and Company of the Bank of England: Provided always, that it shall not be lawful to contract for or to

grant any deferred or contingent Life Annuity as aforesaid, unless an Annuity amounting to Five Pounds or upwards shall have been previously purchased, under the Provisions of this or the before recited Acts, upon the

Life of the Person to be so nominated.

V. And be it further enacted, That for the purpose of enabling further Purchases to be made by any Regulations re-Person or Person3 on whose behalf any Life Annuity, or deferred or contingent Annuity, shall have been specting Com-already granted, under the Provisions of this Act or of either of the before recited Acts, it shall be lawful missioners gram.-for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby empowered, to accept the Transfer of any of the aforesaid ^jes^Per" Three Pounds, Four Pounds or Five Pounds 0rr Centum Annuities to their Account in the Books oT the fO0s who have Bank of England, the Amount of which (half not be less than Twenty Pounds, or to accept and receive in purchased Life Money* an Equivalent thereto, in lieu of the said Three Pounds, Four Pounds, or Five Pounds per Centum or deferred An-Annuities, to be computed and ascertained according to the Average Price of Three Pounds per Centum nultlct* Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities, as hereinbefore directed, as the Consideration for an additional

Annuity, to be valued and ascertained according to the Age of the Party nominated at the time of purchauug such additional Annuity, in pursuance qi the Provisions of this or the said recited Acts.

VI. And be it further enacted, That for the Purpose of extending the Facilities for purchasing Life Commissioners Annuities, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby empowered, to accept and may receive

receive Su>ck

3»

from time to time for the Purchase of Life Annuities or deferred Annuities.

In case of Death of Parties before the Completion of Purchase of Annuities, Stock to be transferred to Executors, Sec.

When Money is to be paid for Purchase of Annuities, the same to be paid into the Bank of England.

Commissioners to use Forms of Declaration and Certificates, and fix Rates of Purchase of Annuities according to former Acts.

Schedules (A.) and (B.) to be adopted in lieu of Schedule (F.) in 49 G. 3. c. 64.

Acceptance of Annuities by One of the Purchasers, where Two or more are named, or by some Person on his behalf, to be sufficiem.

C. 16. 57° GEORGII III. A.D. 1817.

receive at all times the Transfer of any of the aforesaid Three Pounds, Four Pounds, or Five Pounds per Centum Annuities to their Account* in the Books of the Bank of England, the Amount of which shall not be less than Ten Pounds, or to accept and receive in Money an Equivalent thereto, in lieu of the said Three Pounds, Four Pounds pr Five Pounds per Centum Annuities, to be computed and ascertained according to the Average Price of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities, as hereinbefore di-reded, as the Consideration for any Life Annuity or Annuities to be purchased under the Provisions of this or the before recited Acts; which said Sums of Money the said Commissioners shall from time to time cause to be laid out in the Purchase of Bank Three Poqnds/cr Centum Annuities, to be placed to their Account; and the Interest arising from the Investment thereof, and also the Interest of all such Sums of Stock transferred as aforesaid, mall in like manner from time to time, as the same shall arise and become due, be laid out and invested in the Three Pounds per Centum Bank Annuities, and shall continue to accumulate for any Period to be fixed by the Purchaser or Purchasers, or by some Person on his, her or their behalf; provided, that at the time of making the first Payment in Money or Transfer of Stock as aforesaid, the Purchaser or Purchasers, or some Persons on his, her or their behalf, shall agree to convert the whole of the Stock which may be then accumulated (except as herein excepted) into an Annuity upon the Life of the Person to be nominated at the Expiration of the time so fixed and agreed upon, such Nominee being then Twenty one Years or upwards, or into a deferred or contingent Annuity upon the Life of such Nominee as aforesaid, under the Provisions of this or the before recited Acts.

VII. And be it further enacted, That in the event of the Death of the Person or Persons so con tracing before the Completion of the time agreed upon for converting the whole of the Stock which shall have so accumulated into a Life Annuity as specified in such Contract, the Probate of the Will of such Person or Persons, or Letters of Administration, shall be produced at the Office of the Commissioner for the Reduction of the National Debt, and also an Affidavit of Identity, dating the Day on which such Person or Persons so con trading shall have died, to be made by his, her or their Executors, Administrators or Assigns, (as the case may be) to enable the said Officer of the said Commissioners to certify to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England the Amount of Stock to be transferred from the Account of the said Commissioners (all Dividends from time to time due thereon being previously invested) to the Person or Persons entitled thereto; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank, being also the Agents of the said Commissioners, are hereby required to transfer from the Account of the said Commissioners to the Person or Persons entitled thereto, the whole Amount of Stock which shall have actually accumulated on behalf of the Person or Persons so contracting, up to the Day of his, her or their Decease, as specified in such Certificate.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in all cases wherein Money shall be the Consideration for any I^ife Annuity or Annuities to be granted' under the Provisions of this Act, such Money shall be paid by the Purchaser or Purchasers, or by some Person on his, her or their behalf, into the Bank, under a Certificate of the said Officer of the said Commissioners, and upon the Production of such Certificate to the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, the said Cashier or Cashiers shall and they are hereby required to receive all such Monies, and to place the same to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, in any

case in which any Sums of Money, or any of the aforesaid Three, Four or Five Pounds per Centum Annuities, or deferred or Contingent Annuities, shall be accepted and taken as the Consideration for any Life Annuity or Annuities, to use for the purpose of carrying this Act into Execution the Form of Declaration and Certificates in the Schedules to either of the said recited Acts annexed, with such Alterations and Variations as it may be necessary to adapt to the Nature of the case; and from time to time to settle and fix the Rates for purchasing Life Annuities in all the aforesaid cases in which the same shall not be otherwise made and provided, according to such Tables of the Probability or Duration of Lives as shall appear to the said Commissioners most applicable; any Thing in the said recited Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

X. And Whereas it is expedient that the Schedules marked (A.) and (B.) to this Act annexed, should be adopted in lieu of the Schedule marked (F.) to the said first recited Act, and in lien of the Schedule to

the said recited Act of the Forty ninth year of His present Majesty's Reign* Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, the said Two last mentioned Schedules shall be and the same are hereby repealed, and the Schedules to this Act annexed, marked (A.) and (B.), shall be substituted for and in lieq thereof; and shall be used and applied for all the Purposes to which the said Schedules were used applicable.

XI. And Whereas in and by the above recited Act of the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty it is enacted, that every Life Annuity purchased as therein mentioned should be accepted at the Bank of England by the Person or Persons purchasing the fame, or by some other Person or Persons duly authorized on his, her or their behalf, before he, she or they should be entitled to receive the same: And

Whereas in cases where Life Annuities are purchased in the Names of Two or more Persons it is found in-

convenient to require the Acceptance thereof by all the Purchasers* Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, in all cases where any Life Annuity already has been or hereafter shall be purchased under the said recited Acts or any of them, or of this Act, in the Names of Two qr more Persons, the Acceptance thereof by One of the Persons by whom or in whose Names the fame may have been or shall be purchased, or by any Person or Persons duly authorized on his or her behalf, shall be fufneient to entitle the Purchasers to receive Payment of such Annuity from time to tipie as the famfe shall accrue and become due,

in

A.D. 1817» 57° GEORGII III. C. 26, 27.

in like manner to all Intents and Purposes as if such Annuity-had been accepted by all the Persons in whole Names the fame had been or shall be pure ha fed; any thing in the said recited Acts or of this Act to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XII. And be it further enacted, That in order to facilitate the purchasing or receiving any Life Annuity or Annuities in pursuance of this or the said recited Acts, it shall be lawful m all cases in which any Affidavit or Affidavits, Affirmation or Affirmations, is or are required to be made and taken by this or the said recited Acts, for the said Officer of the said Commissioners to administer such Affidavit or Affidavits, Affirmation or Affirmations; and he is hereby empowered and required to administer the same in all such cases (free of Ex-pepce to the Parties) any thing in this or the said recited Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person, in any Affidavit or Affirmation to be taken before the said Officer under the Provisions of this or the said recited Acts, shall wilfully or corruptly swear or affirm any matter or thing which shall be false or untrue, every such Person so offending, and being thereof duly convicted, shall be and is hereby declared to be subject and liable to such Pains and Penalties, as by any Laws now in force any Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury are subject and liable to.

XIV. And Whereas it is expedient that Burial Registers of any Nominee or Nominees, extracted from the Records of the Society of Friends, commonly called Quakers, or from the Records of dissenting or other Chapels (not being Parochial), should be admitted by the said Officer of the said Commissioners for the Purposes of this and the said recited Acts Be it therefore enacted, That the said Officer shall and he is hereby empowered to admit such Burial Registers as evidence of the Death or Burial of any Nominee or Nominees, the fame being duly certified under the Hands of the Registrar thereof; provided that in all such cases the said Burial Register shall be accompanied by an Affidavit of Identity, to be made and taken by and before such and the like Person or Persons, or before the said Officer, as is required on the Death of any Nominee or Nominees by the said recited Acts or this Act; any thing in the said recited Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

SCHEDULES to which this Act refers.

SCHEDULE (A.)

"No.

FORM of the Certificate to be granted in order to enable the*Receipt of the Annuity from time to time

at the Bank of England.

J DO hereby certify to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, in pursuance of the Provisions of an Act passed in the Fifty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act {here insert the Title of this AB-\ That A.B. the Nominee [or, in case of Two Nominees, One of the Two Nominees] [or, the Survivor of the Two Nominees] described in the Certificate numbered as above, and dated

the Day of granted for the Purpose of enabling the Transfer of

per Centum Bank [or. Long] Annuities, or Payment of

4*in Money for the Purchase of a Life Annuity on the Life of the said

Nominee, [or, on the Lives of the said Nominees, and the Life of the longer .Liver of them,] was living on the Day of on which Day a Half'Yearly Payment of the said Annuity became due. witness my Hand, this Day of .'

No SCHEDULE (B.)

FORM of Certificate to be granted in order to enable the Receipt of the Annuity from time to time at the Bank of England, upon the personal Appearance of the Nominee.

4 J DO hereby certify to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England\ in pursuance of the Provisions of an Act passed in the Fifty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act 4 [here insert the Title of this Act-\ That A.B. the Nominee [or, in case of Two Nominees, One of the Two Nominees] [or, the Survivor of the Two Nominees] described in the Certificate numbered as above, and 4 d^ted the Day of granted for the Purpose of enabling the Transfer of

per Centum Bank [or, Long Annuities, or Payment of

4 in Money, for the Purchase of a Life Annuity on the Life of the said Nominee, [or,

4 on the Lives of the said Nominees and the Life of the longer Liver of them] appeared personally before me on this Day of.Witness my Hand, the Day and Date above written.*

CAP. XXVII.

An Act for repealing the Duties of Customs on Buck Wheat imported into this Kingdom, and for granting other Duties, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, in lieu thereof.

[23d May 1817.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the Duties of Customs payable on the Importation into this KingVV dom of Buck Wheat should be repealed, and that other Duties of Customs should be imposed in lieu thereof* Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority

39

Officer of Commissioners to administer Oaths,

free of Expence.

Perjury'.

Certain Registers of Death of Quakers or Dissenters to be taken in Evidence.

40

Duties on Buck Wheat imported repealed, and in-dead thereof a Duty of I os. per Quarter shall be paid. New Duty.

Buckwheat may be warehoused under the Regulations of 43 G. 3. c. 131.

Theft id Duty to be paid on Buck Wheaton being taken out of Warehouses for Home Consumption.

Duty how to be levied and recovered.

Duty to be paid into the Exchequer, and applied as the former Duty.

Act may be altered, fcc. this Session.

Continuance of

Act.

5*0.3. c. 79.

53 G.3.C50.

In addition to the Articles enumerated in recited Acts, Fruit and Vege-tables may be imported, and Rum and Me-lasses may be erponed, &c.

c. 27, 28. 57° GEORGII III. A.D. 1817.

Authority of the same, That from and after the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, the Duties of Customs payable by Law upon Buck Wheat imported into this Kingdom do cease and determine, save and except in all cases relating to the recovering or paying Arrears thereof which may remain unpaid, or to any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture relating thereto which shall have been incurred at any time before or on the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and seventeen; and that from and after the said First Day of June One thousand right hundred and seventeen, in lieu and instead of the Duties hereby repealed, there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid unto His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, a Duty of Customs of Ten Shillings for every Quarter containing Eight Bushels of Buck Wheat: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to cornel the Importers, Proprietors or Consignees of Buck Wheat to pay the Duties upon the Importation and Landing thereof in case such Importers, Proprietors or Consignees shall lodge and secure the fsme under the joint Lock*-of the Crdwn and the Merchant, under the Regulations required by an Act passed in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for permitting certain Goode imported into Great Britain to be secured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said Duties and no other shall be charged and payable on any of the said Buck Wheat which, having been warehoused or otherwise secured under the Authority of the aforesaid Act of Parliament without Payment of Duty, shall be taken out of any such WarehoUfe or Place wherein the same shall have been lodged or secured, for the purpose of being used or consumed in this Kingdom, after the said First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, notwithstanding the fame may have been imported into this Kingdom on or before the said First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and seventeen.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Duty of Customs granted by this Act shall and may be managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, answered, paid and recovered, in such and the like manner 2$ the Duties on Buck Wheat hereby repealed were or might be managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, answered, paid and recovered; and the Goods shall be subject and liable to all and every the Conditions, Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Seizures and Forfeitures, as such Goods were subject and liable to by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force on or immediately before the said First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and seventeen.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all Monies arising from the Duties imposed by this Act, the necesseryC harges of raising and accounting for the fame excepted, shall from time to time be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, and shall be appropriated and applied in the same manner as the Duties of Customs imposed on the like Goods under the Head of Permanent Duties were directed to be appropriated and applied.

V. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, amended or repealed by any Act or Acts to /be made in this present Session of Parliament.

VI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue in force until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty one.

Cap. xxvra.

An Act to extend the Powers of Two Acts for allowing British Plantation Sugar and Coffee, and other Articles imported into Bermuda in British Ships, to be exported to America in Foreign

Vessels; and to permit Articles, the Produce of America, to be imported into the said Island in Foreign Ships, to certain other Articles.[23d May 1817.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fifty second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to allow British Plantation Sugar and Coffee imported into Bermuda in British Ships to be exported to the Territories of the United States of America in Foreign Ships or Vessels; and to permit Ar- 4 tides, the ProdvSion of the feud United States, to be imported into the said island in Foreign Ships or Vtffeh e 4 And Whereas an Act was passed in the Fifty third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for further allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain Articles at the Island of Bermuda 2 And*Whereas it is expedient that (he said Acts should be extended so far as regards the Articles to be allowed to be imported and exported Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with, the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament affem* bled, and by the Authority of the same, That in Addition to the Articles enumerated in the said Acts it shall be lawful to import from the United States into the Ports mentioned in the Acts above recited, in Vessels of the Description therein stated, and under the like Authority, Restrictions, Rules, Regulations, Penalties and Forfeitures, provided in the said recited Acts, the Articles of Fruit and Vegetables being the Pro-r duce of the said States; and in Addition to the Articles permitted to be exported by the said above recited Acts, to' export from the said Island of Bermuda to the said United States, in such Vessels and under such Regulations as aforesaid, Rum and Melasses the Produce of any British Colony or Plantation in the# West Indies % which shall have been legally imported into the Island of Bermuda in British Ship or Vessel

A.D. 1817. 57° GEORGII III. C. 29, 30. 41

CAP. XXIX.

An Act to extend to Newfoundland the Provisions of an Act passed in the Fifty second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for permitting the Exportation of Wares, Goods and Merchandize, from any of His Majesty's Islands in the West Indies to any other of the said Islands, and tQ and from any of the British Colonies on the Continent of America, and the said Islands and Colonies.

[23d May 1817.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Fifty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled 0.3. c.xoo,

An Act to permit the Exportation of Wares, Goods and Merchandize from any of His Majesty's Islands in the West Indies to any other of the said Islands, and to and from any of the British Colonies on the Continent of America* and the said Islands and Colonies; it is enacted, that it shall and may be lawful to and for any of His Majesty's Subjects to export in any British-built Ship or Vessel, owned and navigated according to Law, from any one of the Islands in the West Indies belonging to His Majesty, to any other of the said Islands, or to any of the British Colonies on the Continent of America, and from any one of the said British Colonies in America to any of the Islands in the West Indies belonging to His Majesty, or to

any other British Colony or Plantation on the Continent of America, any Goods or Commodities whatsoever of the Manufacture of Europe, and also any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, or Prize Goods, which shall have been legally imported into any of the said Islands or Colonies, under the Rules, Regulations and Re-

strictions contained in an Act passed in the Forty fifth Year of His said Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act 45 G. 3. C. 57.

4 to consolidate and extend the several Laws now in force for allowing the Importation ana Exportation of certain Goods and Merchandize into and from certain Ports in the West Indies: And Whereas it is expedient to extend the Provisions of the said first recited Act to the Island of Newfoundland* Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for any of His Majesty's European Good*, Subjects to export in any British built Ship or Vessel, owned and navigated according to Law, from the said &c. may be ea-Island of Newfoundland to any of the Islands in the West Indies belonging to His Majesty, or to any of the British Colonies on the Continent of America, and from any one of the said Islands in the West Indies bo- SdwwSuL longing to His Majesty, or from any one of the said British Colonies on the Continent of America, into the &c tIKj said Island of Newfoundland, any Goods or Commodities whatsoever of the Manufacture of Europe, and also from the West any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, or Prize Goods, which shall have been legally imported into any of the Indies, to said Islands and Colonies, under the Rules, Regulations and Restrictions contained in the said last recited Act Newfoundland, of the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty.

CAP. XXX.

An Act to regulate the Interests and Periods of Payment of Navy, Victualling and Transport Bills.

[23d May 1817.]

WHEREAS an Act passed in the Thirty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled 37 G.3, c.a6.

An Act to provide for the morefpeedy Payment of all' Navy, ViSuaUing and Transport Bills that shall he issued in future: And Whereas another Act passed in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present 43G. 3. C. 7.

Majesty, intituled An Act to amend an Act made in the Thirty seventh Year of the Reign of His present MaJ*fty> intituled, An Act to provide for the more speedy Payment of all Navy, ViSuaUing and Transport Bills that shall he issued in future: And Whereas it is expedient that the Commimoners of His Majestys Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland Should be empowered to regulate the Interest and Period of Payment of Navy, Victualling and Transport Bills issued after passing of this Act May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted 5 and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act it shall be Treasury may lawful for the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them, or the Lord High Trea- regulate the surer of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for the time being, from time to time to order and Interest and direct whether any and what Interest shall be payable upon Navy, Victualling and Transport Bills respectively, Period and also the Periods within which the same shall respectively be made payable: Provided always, that no such 3^ #vy Bills shall carry an Interest exceeding the Rate of Three pence Halfpenny per Centum her Diem, to com- But not to ei-mence from the Date of the fame respectively, and to be paid at the time when such Bill mall become payable ceedThree pence or be made payable, at any longer Periods than Ninety Days from the Date thereof respectively 5 any thing H*lfpennyper 5n the said recited Acts, or any former Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding. Cent, per Diem.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be con- Proviso for Bills ftrued to extend to enable the said Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being issued or to be to direct any Alteration to be made either in the Rate of Interest or in the Period of Payment of any Navy, , n Purfu" Victualling or Transport Bill issued or to be issued in Payment or Part Payment, or in pursuance and per- -

formance of any Contract subsisting and in force at the time of the passing of this Act; but all such Bills ing '*'on

shall be made payab|p at the fame Periods, and shall bear the fame Rate of Interest, as if this Act had not been passed.

57 Geo. III.

G

C. 31, 32

57° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1817.

52 G. 3. c. 139. Si-

125-

Duties and Drawback on Stone Bottle* granted by recited Act repealed, and iu lieu thereof the following

Duties.

Drawback

52 G. 3. c. 139. §24-repealed.

What deemed to be a Scone Bottle.

Duties under Commissioners of Excise.

Duties and Drawback how to be levied and paid.

CAP. XXXI.

An Act for granting to His Majesty a Sum of Money to be raised by Lotteries.

[23d May 1817.]

[60, 000 Tickets."]

CAP. XXXII.

An Act to repeal the Duties of Excise on Stone Bottles, and charge other Duties in lieu thereof.

[16th June 1817.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Fifty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for granting to His Majesty, certain Duties on Stone Bottles made in or imported into Great Britain, a countervailing Duty of Excise of Two Shillings and Sixpence is imposed for every Hundred Weight of Stone Bottles, not exceeding Two Quarts Measure, made in Ireland, and imported from thence

into Great Britain; and by the said Act an Excise Duty of Two Shillings and Sixpence is imposed for every Hundred Weight of Stone Bottles, not exceeding Two Quarts Measure, imported from any other Place beyond the Seas 5 and by the said Act a Duty of Two Shillings and Sixpence is imposed for every Hundred Weight of Stone Bottles, not exceeding Two Quarts Measure, made in Great Britain;

and by the said Act a Drawback of Two Shillings and Sixpence is granted and allowed for every Hundred Weight of any such Stone Bottles as aforesaid, upon the Exportation thereof to any Port or Place beyond the Seas, except the {(lands of Faro and Ferro: And Whereas, for the Protection. of the Glass Manufactures of the United Kingdom, it is expedient to repeal the said Duties and Drawback, and to impose other Duties and grant another Drawback in lieu thereof* Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Fifth lAy of July One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, all and singular the aforesaid Duties and Drawback shall cease and determine, and be no longer paid or payable, save and except in all cases relating to the recovering, allowing, or paying any Arrears thereof respectively which may at that time remain unpaid, or to any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures relating thereto respectively, which shall have been incurred at any time before or on the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and seventeen.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, in lieu and instead of the Duties by this Act repealed, there mall be raised, levied, collected and paid unto His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, the several Rates and Duties of Excise herein after mentioned; that is to say,

For every Hundred Weight of Stone Bottles, not exceeding Two Quarts Measure made in Ireland, and imported from thence into Great Britain, a countervailing Duty of Excise of Five Shillings, and so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity 2

For every Hundred Weight of Stone Bottles, not exceeding Two Quarts Measure, imported from any other Place beyond the Seas, an Excise Duty of Five Shillings, and so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity.

And for every Hundred Weight of Stone Bottles, not exceeding Two Quarts Measure, made in Great Britain, an Excise Duty of Five Shillings, and so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity:

And that, in lieu and instead of the Drawback by this Act repealed, there shall be paid, upon the Exportation of any Stone Bottles made in Great Britain, or made in Ireland and imported into Great Britain, for. and in respect whereof the Duties by this Act imposed shall have been paid, and which shall be stamped in some visible Part thereof in the making thereof with a Mark, to be directed by the Commissioners of Excise, to any Port or Place beyond the Seas, except the Island of Faro and Ferro, an Excise Drawback of Five Shillings for every Hundred Weight, and so m proportion for any greater or less Quantity of such Stone Bottles.

III. And Whereas by the said recited Act every Bottle made of Earthen or Stone Ware, or of Earth or Clay, the Mouth or Orifice of which shall not exceed' in Diameter the Diameter of the Neck thereof by more than One Quarter of an Inch, and which shall not exceed Two Quarts in Measure, and no other, shall be deemed and taken to be a Stone Bottle within the Meaning of the said Act: And Whereas the above recited Description of the Stone Bottles intended by the said Act has by Experience been found to be insufficient Be it therefore further enacted, That from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and seventeen so much of the said Act as is lastly above recited shall be and the fame is hereby repealed, and that from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, every Bottle or other Vessel which may be used as or for a Bottle, made of Earthen or StoneWare, or of Earth or Clay alone, or mixed with any other Material or Materials, which shall not exceed Two Quarts in Measure, or the Mouth or Neck of which shall not exceed in Diameter, in the narrowed Part of the Jnfide thereof. Three Inches, and no other, shall be deemed and taken to be a Stone Bottle within the Meaning of this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That such of the Duties by this Act imposed as shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called England shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise in England for the time being, and such thereof as shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland for the time being.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said Duties and Drawback hereby imposed and granted shall be respectively raised, levied, collected, recovered and paid in such and the like manner, and in or by any or either of the general or special Means, Ways or Methods, by which the former Duties and Drawback of Excise respectively hereby repealed were or might be raised, levied, collected, recovered and paid; and the said

Persons,

43

57° GEORGII 1IL

G-32r 33*

Persons, Goods, Wares, Merchandize or Commodities so by this Act respectively made liable to the Payment of or chargeable with the said Duties imposed, or entitled to the said Drawback respectively imposed and granted by this Act, shall be and the same are hereby made subject and liable to all and every the Conditions, Regulations, Rules, Restrictions and Forfeitures to which such persons, Goods, Wares, Merchandize or Commodities were generally or specially subject and liable by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force on and immediately before the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, respecting the Duties of Excise or other Duties under the Management of the said Commissioners of Excise respectively, were or might be subject and liable; and all and every Pain, Penalty, Fine or Forfeiture, of any Nature or Kind whatever, for any Offence whatever committed against or in breach of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force on and immediately before the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, for securing the Revenue of Excise or other Duties under the Management of the said Commissioners of Excise respectively, or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof, and the several Clauses, Powers, and Directions therein contained, shall and are hereby directed and declared to extend to, and shall be respectively applied, practised and put in Execution for and in respect of the said several Duties of Excise and Drawback respectively hereby imposed and granted, in as full and ample Manner to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever as if all and every the said Acts, Clauses, Provisions, Powers, Directions, Fines, Pains, Penalties or Forfeitures were particularly repeated and reenacted in the Body of this Act.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies arising by the Duties by this Act imposed (the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the fame excepted) shall from time to time be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, and shall be carried to and made Part of the Confalidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland,

VII. And be it further enacted, That no Maker or Makers of Earthen or Stone Ware, or of 'Bottles or other Vessels made of Earthen or Stone Ware, or of Earth or Clay alone, or mixed with any other Material or Materials, shall make of Earthen or Stone Ware, or of Earth or Clay alone, or mixed with any other Material or Materials whatsoever, any Bottle or Bottles, or other Vessel or Vessels which may be used as or for a Bottle or Bottles, fmailer or of less Size or Content than Three Ounces in Measure of distilled Water; and if any such Maker or Makers shall make of Earthen or Stone Ware, or of Earth or Clay alone, or mixed with any other Material or Materials whatsoever, any Bottle or Bottles, or any Vessel or Vessels which may be used as or for a Bottle or Bottles, fmailer or of less Size or Content than Three Ounces in Measure of distilled Water, such Maker or Makers so offending shall for each and every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of Fifty Pounds, to be sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated by such Ways, Means or Methods as any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture may be sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer at Edinburgh respectively; and that one Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture shall be to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them who shall inform, discover or sue for the same.

VIII. And Whereas Contrafts or Agreements may have been made before the passing of this Act by Dealers in Stone Bottles, upon which Duties are by this Act imposed for such Stone Bottles, to be delivered after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and seventeen; Be it therefore enacted, That such Dealers delivering such Stone Bottles made after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, in pursuance of such Contrafts or Agreements, shall be allowed to add so much Money as will be equivalent to the Duties by this Act imposed for or in respect of such Stone Bottles to the Price thereof, and shall be entitled by virtue of this Act to be paid for the same accordingly.

IX. And be it further enacted, That this Act or any of the Provisions thereof may be altered, varied or repealed by any Act to be made in this Session of Parliament.

CAP. XXXIII.

An Act to reduce the Allowance of Spirits, Tea and Tobacco for the Use of the Seamen on board certain Ships or Vessels making short Voyages. [i6thji/tf* 1817.]

WHEREAS, by the Laws now in force. Ships or Vessels found at Anchor or hovering within the

4 V\ Limits of any of the Ports of this Kingdom, or within certain Distances of the Coasts thereof, or

which shall be discovered to have been within the said Limits or Distances, and not proceeding on their

Voyages, Wind and Weather permitting, unless in case of unavoidable Necessity and Distress of Weather, of which Necessity and Distress the Master or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel shall give Notice and make Proof before the Collector or other Chief Officer of the Customs of any Port within the Limits of which such Ship or Vessel shall be found, immediately after the arrival of such Ship or Vessel within the Limits of such Port, having on board any Brandy or other Spirituous Liquors in any Vessel or Cask which shall not contain Sixty Gallons at the least, (except only for the Use of the Seamen then belonging to and on board such Ship or Vessel, not exceeding Two Gallons for each Seaman, ) or having on board Six Pounds Weight of Tea, or having on hoard any Tobacco in any Ca/k or Package whatever containing less than Four hundred and fifty Pounds Weight, (except loose Tobacco for the Use of the Seamen on board such Ship or Vessel, not exceeding Five Pounds Weight for each Seaman, ) 4 then not only all such Goods, but also the Ship or Vessel on board which they shall be found as aforesaid, with all her Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle and Apparel are forfeited: And Whereas it has been found that great Quantities of Spirits, Tea and Tobapco have been run into that Part of the United Kingdora called Great Britain, without Payment of Duties, from Ships and Vessels making short Voyages,

G 2 4 under

Appletl kin of Duties.

Bottles not to be made of less Sise or Cpntent than Three Onocse in Measure of distilled Water.

Penalty 50L

Amount of Duties to be added to the Prices fixed by Contrafts.

Act may be altered, &c. this Session.

44 C. 33, 34*

57° GEORGII III. A.D. 1817.

under Pretext that the fame is for the Use of the Seamen on board the said Ships and Vessels 5 for Remedy

whereof it is expedient that the Quantities allowed for the Use of the Seamen in such cases should be rt-

duced; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the

Vesselt (not Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, if any Ship or Vessel (not being square being square rigged) coming from any Place between Brejl on the Coast of France and the Helder Point on the Coast of rigged) coming Holland, including the Texel Isle and all Places on the Zuyder Zeef and all Islands on the Coast of France, the betweenBreft* Netherlands and Hollandy between Brejl and the Texely mall arrive in any of the Ports of that Part of the end the Helder, United Kingdom called Great Britain, or shall be found at Anchor or hovering within the Limits of any ofc. found hover- the Ports thereof, or within Four Leagues of that Part of the Coast thereof which is between the North ing, tec. having Foreland on the Coast of Kent and Beachy Head on the Coast of Sussex, or within Eight Leagues of any other Part of the Coast of that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain, or shall have been dif-roea more than covered to have been within the said Limits or Distances, and not proceeding on her Voyage, Wind and the Quantity Weather permitting, unless in case of unavoidable Necessity and Distress of Weather, of which Necessity and herein specified Distress the Master or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel shall of Spirits, Tea, give Notice and make Proof before the Collector or other Chief Officer of the Customs of any Port within or^bacco, such ^he Limits of which such Ship or Vessel shall be found, immediately after the Arrival of such Ship or Vessel feU forfeited. " w^n the Limits of such Port, having on board, for the Use of the Seamen then belonging to and on board such Ship or Vessel any Brandy or other Spirituous Liquors exceeding One Half of a Gallon for each Seaman, or having on board any Tea exceeding Two Pounds Weight in the Whole, or having on board any Tobacco, except loose Tobacco, not exceeding One Pound Weight for each Seaman; then not only all such Goods, but also the Ship or Vessel on board which they shall be found as aforesaid, with all her Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle and Apparel shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of His Majesty's Army, Navy or Marines, or of the Customs or Excise.

Such Vefleb

II. And be it further enacted, That if any Ship or Vessel (not being fauare rigged) coming from any an7 Place between Bred on the Coast of Franccy and Cape Finisterre on the Coast of Spain, including all Islands Brest and Cape on U°a^8 of France and Spain between those Places, or coming from any Place between the Helder Point Finisterre, &c. on the Coast of Holland and North Bergen on the Coast of Norway, or from any Place as far up the Cattegat having on board aB Gottenhurghy including all IQands on the Coasts between those Places, shall arrive in any of the Ports of that a larger Quantity part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain, or shall be found at Anchor or hovering, or shall have of Spirit*, &c. been discovered to have been within the said Limits or Distances, and not proceeding on her Voyage, Wind mentioned1 anc* Weather permitting, unless in case of unavoidable Necessity and Distress of Weather, of which Necessity Goods and Vef- and Distress the Master or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel shall felt forfeited in give Notice and make Proof before the Collector or other Chief Officer of the Customs of any Port within like manner. the Limits of which such Ship or Vessel shall be found, immediately after the Arrival of such Ship or Vessel within the Limits of such Port, having on board, for the Use of the Seamen then belonging to and on board such Ship or Vessel, any Brandy or other Spirituous Liquors exceeding One Gallon for each Seaman, or having on board any Tea exceeding Four Pounds Weight in the whole, or having on board any Tobacco, excepting loose Tobacco not exceeding Two Pounds Weight for each Seaman; then not only all such Goods, but also the Ship or Vessel on board which they shall be found as aforesaid, with all her Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle and Apparel, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of His Majesty's Army, Navy or Marines, or of the Customs or Excise.

Forfeitures how

III. And be it further enacted, That all Forfeitures imposed by this Act shall be sued for, levied, and to b« recovered, recovered by such Ways, Means, or Methods, as any Forfeiture is or may be recovered by any Law or Laws of Customs or Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland.

CAP. XXXIV.

An Act to authorize the Issue of Exchequer Bills, and the Advance of Money out of the Consolidated Fund, to a limited Amount, for the carrying on of Public Works and Fisheries in the United Kingdom, and Employment of the Poor in Great Britain, in manner therein mentioned.

[16th June 1817.]

WHEREAS great Advantage may arise, under present Circumstances, in affording Employment for the labouring Classes of the Community, by the Advance of Exchequer Bills and Money out of the Consolidated Fund, to an Amount in the whole not exceeding the Sum of One million seven hundred and fifty thousand Pounds, to be lent by Commissioners in Great Britain and Ireland respectively, under ,certain Regulations and Restrictions, for the carrying on of Works of a public Nature, commenced or

which may hereafter be commenced under Authority of Parliament 5 or for the Encouragement of the Fisheries, or the Support of Collieries or Mines in the United Kingdom; or for the Employment of the Poor in the Parishes in Great Britain; upon due Security being given, in all such cases, for the Repayment of the Sums so advanced within a time to be limited : May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted j and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the His Majesty Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by Warrant or War-may authorize rants under His Royal Sign Manual, to authorize and empower the Commissioners of His Majesty's Trea* Treasury to issue fury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, now or for the time being, or any Three or more

+6 of

57° GEORGII III. C. 34* 45

of them, or the Lord High Treasurer of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for the time Exchequer Bills being, to cause or direct any Number of Exchequer Bills to be made out at His Majesty's Exchequer in not exceeding Great Britain, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of One million five hundred thousand Pounds, in the Li00/300!* fame or like manner, Form and Order, and according to the fame or like Rules and Directions (except where other Directions for making out the same are contained and particularly expressed in this Act), as in and by an Act made in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for regelating 48 G. 3. c. 1. the issuing and pay ing off of Exchequer Bills, are enacted and prescribed.

II. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Clauses, Provisoes, Powers, Privileges, Advantages, powers of re-

Penalties, Forfeitures and Disabilities contained in the Paid recited Act of the Forty eighth Year of His pre- cited Act to tx-sent Majesty's Reign, shall be applied and extended to the Exchequer Bills to be made in pursuance of this tend toExche-A&, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the said several Clauses or Provisoes had been <luer B'U| particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this A A. Aa*

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act Bills to bear an shall and may bear an Interest not exceeding the Rate of Two pence Halfpenny per Centum per Diem upon or Imereft of Two-in respect of the whole of the Monies respectively contained therein, and shall be made payable at such Periods Halfpenny as shall be fixed by the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, or the Cent' said Lord High Treasurer for the time being; but nevertheless so as that all such Bills as shall be advanced Times when for the carrying on of any Public Works, shall be made payable within Three Years from the issuing thereofj payable.

and all such Bfils as shall be advanced for the Aflifiance of any Parishes in Great Britain shall be made payable within Two Years after Easter One thousand eight hundred and eighteen 5 and that the principal Sum contained in every such Bill, together with such Interest as aforesaid, to be computed from the Day of the Date thereof until the time appointed for Payment thereof, shall be paid off and discharged upon the Days and timea respectively appointed for the Payment thereof.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all and every the Exchequer Bills to be made forth Such Bills not to by virtue of this Act, or so many of them as shall from time to time remain undischarged and uncancelled after be exchanged by the respective Days on which they shall become due and payable, shall and may after that time pass and be Receiver for current to all and every the Receivers and Coliedlors in Great Britain of the Customs, Excise or any Re- Money ^fore wenue, Supply, Aid or Tax whatsoever due or payable to His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, and also at ed'for thefr^ay" the Receipt of Exchequer in Great Britain from the said Receivers or Coliedlors; but no such Receiver or ments, &c. Collector shall exchange, at any time before the said Day of Payment thereof, for any Money of such Revenues, Aid, Taxes or Supplies In his Hands, any Exchequer Bill which shall have been issued as aforesaid by virtue of this Adi5 nor shall any Action be maintained against such Receiver or Collector for neglecting or

refusing to exchange any such Exchequer Bill for ready Money before the said Day of Payment thereof; any

Thing in this Act to the contrary contained in anywise notwithstanding; and that such of the fame Bills as Bills received at

shall be received at the said Receipt of Exchequer shall and may be locked up and secured as Cash, according d>e Exchequer

to the Course of the said Exchequer settled and established by Law for locking up and securing Monies re- UPts

ceived in Specie there. a

V. And be it further enacted, That at any time after the passing of this Act, by or out of such, Monies as Lord Lieutenant shall at any time or times remain in the Receipt of the Exchequer of Ireland, or out of the growing Produce of Ireland may of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom arising in Ireland (after paying or reserving sufficient to order the Ad-pay all such Sum and Sums of Money as have been directed by any former Act or Acts of Parliament to be va"c^£j out of paid in Ireland out of the said Consolidated Fund), there shall and may be issued, by Order of the Lord f^Prwluc^of Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, from time to time, in manner the Consolidated and under the Regulations herein after mentioned and contained, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Fund there, for in the whole the Sum of Two hundred and fifty thousand Pounds, to be applied to the Purposes of this Act, lhe p^P°fes in manner and under the Regulations herein after mentioned. this Act

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Right Honourable Robert Seymour commonly called Lord Robert Names of Com-Seymour, the Honourable William Lambe, Sir Thomas Dyke Acland Baronet, Sir Charles Edmonstone Baronet, missioners for Sir James Shawe Baronet, Sir John Perring Baronet, Thomas Sherlock Gooch Esquire, Edward John Little- Great Britain. ton Esquire, Charles Grant senior, Esquire, John Christian Cur wen Esquire, Thomas Grimfion EJlcourt Esquire,

John Smith Esquire, Henry Swann Esquire, Robert Matthew Cajberd Esquire, Thomas Reid Esquire, Benjamin Harrison Esquire, John Thornton Esquire, John Delafield Phelps Esquire, John Angerflein Esquire,

Joseph Berens Esquire, and Charles Bosanquet Esquire, shall be and are hereby constituted Commissioners for the Execution of this Act in Great Britain; and that it shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Lord Lieutenant Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, by Writing under his or their Hand or Hands, to may appoint nominate and appoint so many and such Persons as he or they shall think fit, not exceeding Fifteen in Number, Commissioners to be Commissioners for the Execution of this Act in Ireland, and the said Persons so to be nominated shall for lreljnd-be and they are hereby appointed Commissioners for the Execution of this Act in Ireland; and all the said Commissioners are hereby respectively required to execute the Powers and Authorities given to them by this Act, without any Fee, Reward, Emolument, or Gratuity whatever.

VII. And be it further enacted, That any Two of the said Commissioners in this Act named, before they two Commit shall enter upon the Execution of this Act in Great Britain, shall take an Oath before the Chancellor of the fionen to take Exchequer, or the Mailer of the Rolls for the time being, in Great Britain; and any Two of the Commis- the following sioners to be appointed for the Purposes of this Act by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Go- Oath before Per-vernors of Ireland, shall, before they enter on the Execution of this Act in Ireland, take an Oath before any n^e<ffem One of the Barons of the Exchequer of Ireland; which Oath the said Chancellor, Mailer of the Rolls and '

Barons,

and the others to take the Oath before the said Two.

Commissioners majr meet, appoint Officers, and administer Oaths, See.

and to allow Salaries, ice.

Officers in the Exchequer and in the Office of Vice Treasurer in Ireland not to receive Fees unduly.

Commissioners may examine upon Oath Persons willing to be examined, and receive De-positiona made before Magistrates.

Addition of Party, Sec. to be inserted in Affidavit. Persons giving false Evidence guilty of Perjury.

Treasury to issue Money for defraying the Charges in the Execution of this Act, of which an Account is to be

C. 34.

57° GEORGII III.

A.D. 18 7.

Barons, or any or either of them, are and is hereby respectively authorized and required to administer; the Tenor whereof shall be as followeth; that is to say,

T A.B, do swear. That according to the best of my Judgment, I will faithfully and impartially execute the

*.several Powers and Trusts vested in me by an Act, intituled An Act [here set forth the Title of this Adf\*

according to the Tenor and Purport of the said Act.'

And every other of such Commissioners respectively shall likewise take the fame Oath-before such Two Commissioners, who are hereby authorized and required to administer the said Oath, after they shall themselve* have taken tho fame as aforesaid.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners for the Execution of this Act in Great Britain and Ireland respectively, shall have Power to meet and lit from time to time in such Place or Places as they shall respectively find most convenient, with or without Adjournment 5 and they or any Three or more of them respectively may appoint and employ a Secretary and so many Clerks and Messengers as they shall respectively think meet; and it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners for the Execution of this Act in Great Britain, with the Consent and Approbation of the said Commissioners of His Majesty's ^reasury for the time being, or any Three or more of them, in Writing under their Hands, and for the Commissioners for the Execution of this Act in Ireland, with the Consent and Approbation of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, to allow to such Seretary, Clerks and Messengers respectively such reasonable Salaries as to the said respective Commissioners for the Execution of this Act shall seem meet; and also to employ a Solicitor, and any Civil Engineer or Engineers, or Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Officer or Officers, and to allow to such Solicitor, Engineer or Engineers, Surveyor or Surveyors, and other Officer or Officers, such Salaries, Rewards or Emoluments as the said Commissioners respectively shall think reasonable for their Care and Labour $ and to give and administer to such Secretary, Clerk, Solicitor, Engineers, Surveyors and other Officers respectively, an Oath for their faithful Demeanor in all Things relating to the due Performance of the Trusts reposed in them by the said Commissioners respectively, and in all other Things touching the Premises; and from time to time, at their Discretion, to dismiss and discharge such Secretary, Clerks, Messengers, Solicitor, Engineers, Surveyors or other Officers, or any or either of them, and to appoint others in their Place; and the said Secretary, Clerks, Solicitor, Engineers, Surveyors and other Officers are hereby required faithfully to execute and perform the said Trusts ia them severally and respectively reposed, without taking any Thing for such Service, other than such Salaries or Rewards as the said Commissioners shall direct, appoint and allow in manner by this Act directed.

IX. And be it further enacted, That no Officer or other Person or Persons whatsoever employed in and about the Execution of this Act in the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer in Great Britain or Ireland, or in the Office of the Vice Treasurer for Ireland, shall demand, take or accept any Fee or Gratuity whatsoever for their Care and Labour, other than such Salaries, Allowances, Rewards or Emoluments as shall or may be granted to or be allowed to be taken by them respectively under the Authority of the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, or the Lord High Treasurer for the time being, in Great Britain or under the Authority of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors for the time being in Ireland.

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners for the Execution of this Act, or any Three or more of them respectively, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to examine upon Oath or Affirmation (which Oath or Affirmation they or any One or more of them are and is hereby authorized to administer) all Persons who shall be willing to be examined touching all such Matters and Things as shall be necessary for the Execution of the Powers vested in the said Commissioners by this Act, and also to receive any Affidavits or Depositions in Writing, upon Oath or Affirmation, touching such Matters or things as aforesaid, which shall be made before any Justice of the Peace of any County, or any Magistrate of any City, Borough or Town Corporate in Great Britain or Ireland, where or near to which the Person making such Affidavit or Deposition shall reside, and certified and transmitted to the said Coramifikmers respectively under the Hand and Seal of such Justice or Magistrate; .which Oath or Affirmation* every such Justice or Magistrate shall be and is hereby authorized and empowered to administer 5 provided that in every such Affidavit or Deposition there shall be expressed the Addition of the Party making such Affidavit or Deposition, and the particular Place of his or her Abode.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, upon Examination upon Oath or Affirmation before the said Commissioners for the Execution of this Act respectively, or if any Person or Persons making any such Affidavit or Deposition as before mentioned, shall wilfully and corruptly give false Evidence, or shall in such Affidavit or Deposition wilfully and corruptly swear, affirm or allege any matter or thing which shall be false or untrue, every such Person or Persons so offending, and being thereof duly convicted, shall be and is and are hereby declared to be subject and liable to such Pains and Penalties as by any Law now in force in Great Britain or Ireland respectively Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury are subject and liable to.

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, or the said Lord High Treasurer for the time being, in Great Britain, and for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors for the time being in Ireland, and they are hereby respectively authorized and required, to issue and advance or cause to be issued and advanced all such Sums of Money to such Person or Persons, in such manner and in such Proportions as the Commissioners for the Execution of this Act in Great Britain or Ireland\ or any Three or more of them

7f respectively,

0.34. 47

respectively, shall by Writing under their Hands from time to time 'desire, out of any Part of the Public laid before Par-Monies remaining in His Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster or Dublin respectively, to be replaced in the fitment, manner in this Act mentioned; which Sums so to be issued and advanced shall be employed for the Payment of Allowances, and in defraying all other* necessary Charges and Expences in or about the Execution of this Act, without other Account than before the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury; and which Money so to be issued shall not be subject to any Tax, Duty, Rate or Assessment whatsoever imposed bT Authority of Parliament; but that an Account of the said Charges and Expences shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament, within Two Months after the Expiration of the said Commissions respectively, if Parliament shall be then fitting; but if Parliament shall not be then fitting, then within Fourteen Days after the Commencement of the then next Session of Parliament.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That on the Day next after this Act shall have received the Royal Assent, Commissionerg

or as soon after as the Commissioners for the Execution of this Act in Great Britain and in Ireland respectively, to meet to re-or any Three or more of them who shall have taken the said Oath, can respectively assemble, the said Com- cc, ve or appoint missioners shall respectively proceed to receive, or shall appoint a proper Person for receiving, all such Ap- a 'y plications in Writing as shall be made to them respectively from any Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, or tion* in Writing Company or Companies of Proprietors, or Person or Persons engaged in or desirous of carrying on or for the Loan of interested in any Works of a public Nature, carried on or which may hereafter be carried on under the Exchequer Bills, Authority of Parliament, in any Part* of the United Kingdom, or any Applications for the Encouragement of and to ascertain Fisheries, or the Support of any Collieries or Mines, or from any Parishes in Great Britain, for the Loan and ^dUtdv111 Im* Advance of Money, by Exchequer Bills or otherwise, according to this Act; and the said Commissioners shall

also then fix and appoint subsequent Days for taking into their Consideration all such Applications, and shall meet together for that Purpose, and shall proceed with all convenient Dispatch to ascertain the Amount of the Sums which in their Judgment it will be expedient to advance under this Act, in pursuance of Applications made for such Assistance; having Regard, in considering all such Applications as shall be made for Having Regard the carrying on of such Public Works, Fisheries, Collieries or Mines, to the Benefit which may arise in to the Security affording Employment for the labouring Classes of the People, and the Numbers to be employed, and to the °ffrd» and ultimate Security which may be afforded by the Rates and Tolls of such Public Works for the Repayment herrin^meMa^8 of the Money advanced 5 and in considering all such Applications from Parishes in Great Britain, to the ^oned. special Difficulties experienced in the Parishes requiring Assistance, and to the Sufficiency of the Securities which may be proposed, whether on the Parish Rates or otherwise.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the several Commissioners for the Execution of this Act shall and Commissionert

they are hereby respectively required, before any Appointment shall be made of any Exchequer Bills, or to cause AppK-Money to be advanced under this Act, to cause all the Applications delivered to such Commissioners respect ^d to

tively to be classed according to the Amount of the Sums respectively applied for, and the Nature of the estabii(h Regula-Securities tendered, and the Circumstances, ds far as the same shall appear upon the said Applications, and tiont for appov-thereupon to draw up and establish such general Rules and Regulations for their own Government in theap- troning the Surat portioning and distributing the Sums to be advanced and lent in Exchequer Bills or Money under this Act, to to* "l* the several Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Companies, or Persons, or Parishes applying for the fame, as they in

their Discretion shall deem equitable and just; all which Rules and Regulations shall within a convenient time Such Regulate entered in a Book or Books to be prepared and kept by such Commissioners respectively for that Purpose; tionstobe and the said several Commissioners for the Execution of this Act, according to the true Purport and Meaningnj.eru JeuDon of such general Rules and Regulations as aforesaid, shall proceed to take into their Consideration all such to c^fiderAp-Applications which shall specify the Amount of the Sums required to be advanced as aforesaid, and which shall plications and tender any Security which the said Commissioners are authorized by this £d to take for the Payment of the make Enquiries, Sums to be advanced, and which shall also specify the Nature thereof; and from time to time, on Inquiry into and determine the fame respectively, shall determine what Bodies Politic and Corporate, Companies, Persons and Parishes, ac shall in their Judgment be entitled to any Part of the Exchequer Bills or Money to be advanced or lent under this Act, and to what Amount, and shall ascertain the Nature and Amount of the Securities to be required from them for the fame respectively.

[Proviso.]

XV. And be it further enacted, That when and as soon as the said Commissioners for the Execution of this When Commtf-Ad in Great Britain shall have respectively determined upon any Amount of such Bills to be advanced under f*onf* have de-the Provisions of this Act, the said Commissioners shall forthwith respectively certify such Amount to the Amount oTmo^ Auditor of the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster for the time being, who on such Certificate ney to be ad_ or Certificates being deposited in his Office shall cause and direct to be delivered to the Bearer or Bearers vanced and cer-thereof, in the manner and under the Regulations specified in this Act, Exchequer Bills payable at such Pe^ tified the fame, riods and to such Amount as the said Commissioners for the Execution of this Act shall direct, provided that Auditor of the the total Amount to be issued by virtue of such Certificates shall not at any one time exceed the Amount of ^ce Exchequer Bills directed to be issued under this Act; and every such Exchequer Bill shall bear Date on the 3. agreeably to* Day on which the said Certificates shall appoint and direct, and shall and may be signed by the Auditor of the such Certificates. Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, or in his Name by any Person duly authorized by the said Auditor to

sign the same.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That when and as soon as the said Commissioners for the Execution of In the like case this Act in Ireland shall have determined upon any Amount of such Money to be advanced under the Provi- , n( , rland Lord fions of this Act, the said Commissioners shall forthwith certify such Amount to the Lord Lieutenant or other

Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, by one or more Certificate or Certificates under for Advances the Hands and Seals of the said Commissioners or any Three or more of them; and the Lord Lieutenant or agreeably to other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being shall, on Receipt of any such Certificate, Certificate of

direct Commissioners

thore, it by 54 G. 3. c. 83.

56 G. 3. c. 98.

Certificate to be presented at Office of Vice Treasurer, and deposited with Auditor of the Exchequer.

CommUBoners may appoint other Days for conGdering further Applications from time to time, &c. and certify toTrea-fury, who may direct further Bills to be issued, &c.

Lists of Exchequer Bills made out to be delivered to the Commissioners.

Lift of Warrants from Lord Lieutenant to be delivered to Commissioners.

Persons to whom Bills shall be advanced to enter; nio Security as Commissioners shall deem necessary.

Security to be by Writing obligatory to the King.

Persons so giving Security not bound beyond individual Subscription.

Deposit of Stocfc may be received instead of per-.fonal Security.

Commissioners to require Mortgages of Tolls of

C. 34. 57° GEORGII III. A.D. 1817.

direct his Warrant to the Vice Treasurer of Ireland for the issuing such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be spedfied in such Certificate, out of the Receipt of the Exchequer of Ireland\ in manner directed by Two Acts, the one made in the Fifty fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for the more effectual Regulation of the Receipts and IJTues of His Majesty's Treasury, and for securing the due Application of Money coming into the Hands of the Public Accountants in Ireland; and the other made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to unite and corfolidate into One Fund all the public Revenues of Great Britain and Ireland; and to provide for the Application thereof to the general Service of the United Kingdom and every such Certificate of the said Commissioners for the Execution of this Act in Ireland, shall be presented at the Office of the said Vice Treasurer for Ireland, together with such Warrant of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors 5 and every such Certificate shall be deposited and shall remain in the Office of the Auditor General of the Exchequer in Ireland; provided, that the whole Amount of Money to be issued by virtue of such Certificates of the said Commissioners, shall not at any one time exceed the Sum of two hundred and fifty thousand Pounds.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the said several Commissioners for the Execution of this Act, or any Three or more of them respectively, shall fix and appoint other proper and convenient Days for taking into Consideration such further Applications as shall from time to time be made to them, and shall ascertain the Amount of such Exchequer Bills or Money as shall be required to be from time to time issued for the Purposes of this Act, and shall by like Certificate or Certificates as aforesaid certify the same to the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or the said Lord High Treasurer for the time being in Great Britain, or to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors in Ireland, who shall respectively, on Receipt of any such Certificate, direct further Exchequer Bills or Money to be issued to such A mount from time to time, until the whole of the Bills to be made out, and of the Money to be advanced in pursuance of this Act, shall have been issued for the Purposes aforesaid; and the said several Commissioners for the Execution of this Act shall from time to time proceed respectively to determine to what Amount such Exchequer Bills or Money shall be advanced under this Act, and shall grant Certificates thereof, in such Form and under the like Rules and Regulations as are hereinbefore mentioned concerning the Exchequer Bills or Money to be first issued or advanced as aforesaid; and the proper Officers shall from time to time deliver such Exchequer Bills or issue such Money in the Form and manner before directed.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That such Officers by whom such Exchequer Bills shall be delivered shall from time to time, upon Requisition of the said Commissioners for the Execution of this Act in Great Britain, deliver to them at their Office complete Lids of all the Exchequer Bills made out by them, specifying therein the respective Dates and Sums expressed therein, and the Periods appointed for the Payment of the fame, and distinguishing therein the Persons to whom and the Numbers of the Certificates by virtue whereof the fame were issued respectively.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the Auditor General of the Exchwuer in Ireland shall without Fee or Reward from time to time, upon Requisition of the Commissioners for the Execution of this Act in Ireland, deliver to them complete Lists of all Sums issued by Warrants of the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland, and coun-terfigjned according to Law by the said Vice Treasurer, specifying the respective Dates and Sums expressed therein, and distinguishing the Persons to whom and the Numbers of the Certificates in consequence whereof the said Warrants were issued respectively.

XX. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons to whom such Exchequer Bills or such Sum or Sums of Money respectively shall be advanced or lent, for the Use of any Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Company or Companies, in the United Kingdom, or Parish or Parishes in Great Britain, or for any such other Purpose as aforqjud, under the Provisions of this Act, shall previously enter into such Security in such Sum or Sums of Money as the case may require, and as the several Commissioners for the Execution of this Act, or any Three or more of them, shall respectively deem necessary 5 which Securities the said Commissioners respectively, or any Three or more of them, shall by their Discretion have full Power and Authority to cause to be taken 5 and every Security to be taken in pursuance of this Act shall he by Writing obligatory to our Sovereign Lord The King, in such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be directed by such Commissioners respectively, or any Three or more of them, by virtue of this Act, to be paid to our said Lord The King, by such Form of Words as Obligations to The King's Majesty have been used to be made, and with such Conditions to be thereunder written as by such Commissioners respectively shall be deemed proper; and that all such Obligations to be so made shall be good and effectual in the Law, and shall be of the fame Quality, Force and Effect to all Intents and Purposes as any Obligation made to our Sovereign Lord the now Sing or his Predecessors, or any of them, hath at any time heretofore been or now is adjudged, received, or taken to be 5 any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided, that no Person who shall enter into any such Security for any Money to be advanced for carfying on of any Public Work, or for the Encouragement of any Fishery, or Support of any Colliery or Mine, shall be liable in respect of any such Security for any larger Amount than the Sum for which any such Person shall respectively become personally bound by his individual Subscription.

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners respectively, in every case under this Act, to accept and take any Deposit or Transfer of any Public Funds, Stock or Securities, or to accept a Charge upon the Poor's Rate of any Parish in Great Britain, as herein after mentioned, in lieu and instead of personal Security.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That in all cases of Assistance afforded by the Loan or Advance of any Bills or Money under the Provisions of this Act, for the carrying on of any such public Works, Collieries or Mines, the several Commissioners for the Execution of this Act (nail, in Addition to the Security required to

be

57° GEORGII III. C. 34. 49

be taken from the Persone applying for such Assistance, require and take Mortgages, Assignments or other public Works as competent S«urity, upon the Ratfp, Tolls and Receipts accruing or which may at any time .thereafter accrue, a collateral arise or be taken, collected or received by or for the Use of the Body Corporate or Politic, or Company of Secunly* Proprietors, or Persons inter e fled in the public Work in respect or in aid of which the Advance of Bills or Money under this Act shall have been made, for the securing the Repayment of the full Amount of the Bills or Money advanced, together with all the Interest which may arise and become due upon such Amount; and Proprietors of it shall be lawful for any such Body Corporate or Politic, or for the Company of Proprietors to whom any such t<n* such public Work shall belong, or for the respective Trustees, Commissioners, Committees of Management, or mortgage with-other Persons, by whatever Name or Names called, under whose Care, Management or Control, any such Priority over all public Work shall be, to mortgage, assign and secure such Rates, Tolls or Receipts to the Secretary of the Securities, ex-said Commissioners respectively, - in such manner as shall be required by the said Commissioners respectively, and cept those of

also to any Person or Persons who shall have become Security for any Advances made under the Provisions of ^Uw/entideTio this Act, as a collateral Security to the Person or Persons who shall have entered into any such Security for Repayment of the due and full Payment of the full Amount of all Bills or Money so advanced, together with Interest thereon, their Principe! according to the Provisions of this Act; and all such Mortgages, Heritable Bonds, Assignmenta and other» wel^as.Securities, shall have Priority over and shall precede all other Securities, and all Dividends and Division of lnler«ft-Profit or Interest upon any Sums advanced or contributed, or which may thereafter be advanced or contributed for the carrying on or completing of any such public Work, save and except such Sums as shall have been advanced by way. of Loan, before the Advance of such Bills or Money, by any Persone as bond JuU Creditors, and entitled as such to the Repayment of the principal Money advanced by them, as well as Interest thereon; any thing contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament relating to any such public Work, in aid or in respect of which any such Bills or Money shall have been advanced under the Provisions of this Act, to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in every case in which Four Fifth Parts in Amount If Four Fifths of in Value of the Creditors who have Securities of a like Nature upon the Rates, Tolls or Receipts arising out Creditors con-of any public Work in aid or in respect of which any Application shall be made for the Advance of Bias or of Tolls^toCom-Money under the Provisions of this Act shall agree and signify their Consent in Writing that a Priority over missioneri, or to their Claims as such Creditors shall be given to the Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, or to any Persons giving Persons who have applied for such Assistance in respect of such Advance, then and in such case the Mort- Peribnal Secu-gage, Assignment, or other Security given by the Body Politic or Corporate, or Company of Proprietor*, }° haJe

or Persons interested in any such public Work, to the Secretary of such Commissioners respectively, and to the chims^ofS Person or Persons upon whose Pmonal Security such Advance of Bills under this Act shall have been made, Creditors of life shall have Priority over the Claims of all the Creditors of a like Description, as well as such Creditors as have Description. not agreed or assented to such Priority, as to those who have so agreed as aforesaid 5 any thing contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament relating to any such public Work as aforesaid, or any thing contained in any Mortgage, Assignment or other Security upon such Rates, Tolls or Receipts given to any such Creditors, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners for the*

Execution of this Act in Ireland, by and with the Consent and Approbation of the Lord Lieutenant or other Works in Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, to make any Advance of Money under this Act in aid of any public Ireland on Work in Ireland carried on under the Management and Direction of Commissioners appointed by the Lord Mortgage of Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, or under the Management and R*tes under the Direction of the Corporation of any City or Town, or of any other Body Politic or Corporate in Ireland, Management of upon the Credit of any Rates, Rents, Tolls or Profits which are or shall be levied, paid and applied under the Authority or Control of any such Commissioners or Persons so appointed; and that in such case it shall and i!0rd Ueute-may be lawful for the said Commissioners for the Execution of this Act in Ireland, by and with the Consent nant, or under and Approbation of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, lhe Manage-to diceft such Advance to be made upon Mortgage or Assignment of such Rates, Rents, Tolls or Profits only,

without requiring any Person or Persons to enter into any Personal Security by Writing obligatory'to His. out personi|' Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, in manner herein before mentioned; any thing in this Act contained to Security, the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that on all Money so advanced there be paid an Interest after Intweft at tL the Rate of Six Pounds per Centum per Annum, and that the Principal Money so advanced shall be repaid by P* M Means of a Sinking Fund of not lets than Six Pounds per Centum, within such time as the Commissioners for the Execution of this Act, with the Approbation of the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Go- repay1by a vernors of Ireland, shall direct and appoint, and as shall be specified in the Mortgage or Assignment to be made ing Fund for such Rates, Rents, Tolls or Profits, pursuant to the Directions of this Act. herein men-

XXV. Provided also, and be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners for the Esecu- t*Jned*

tion of this Act in Great Britain, to make any Advance of Money under this Act in aid of any public

Work, upon the Credit of any Rates, Rents, Tolls or Profits arising from any public Work which (naU be public Works in in part completed, and the Rates, Rents, Tolls or Profits of which shall produce a clear aftoai Surplus, Great Britain in after Payment of all Expences of Management, of not less than double the Amount of the Sum necessary to certain cases, on pay the Interest of the Sum required to be advanced; and also upon the Credit of the Rates, Rents, Tolls j^J^Works or Profits of any public Work which shall be in part completed, but which shall not h^ve 'produced any noV«Hnpleted*Rates, Rent6, Tolls or Profits, or the Rates, Rents, Tolls or Profits of which shall be less than such double &c.

Amount as aforesaid, or which shall not be commenced; provided that in each of such last mentioned cases Proviso as to the said Commissioners shall be satisfied of the Practicability and Utility of the Work, and of the R^tes, Amount of Mo-Rynts, Tolls and Profits being, when the Work shall be completed, an adequate Security; and provided nddfonfiich 57 Geo. III. H that w^ks. °n UC

In the Estimate of the Sum to be expended, &c. the Commis. fioner* may consider the Monies already expended,

Interest at 5l. per Cent, per Annum on Monies advanced, and Principal Monies repaid by a Sinking Fund.

Parties applying for Money to undertake and to complete the Work.

Money may be advanced for building, enlarging or repairing Churches.

Security on the Pews, &c.

TruRees of Roads to whom Advances are made under this Aftmayincrease Tolls for Repayment.

Separate Account of such additional Tolls to be kept.

Commissioners for Drainage for which Advances shall be made, may increase Rates for Repayment.

c. 34. 57 GEORGII III. A.D. 1817.

that the Corporation, Company or Person or Persons carrying the fame into Execution, shall expend or de-posit, in such manner as the said Commissioners shall direct, before any Advance shall be made Under the Pro-vflions of this Act, a Sum equal to not less than One Half Part of the estimated Costs for the Completion of the whole Work s Provided always, that in the Estimate of the Sum to be so expended or deposited, the said Commissioners may, if they shall see fit, take into Consideration Monies already expended upon such Work, but so as that in no case the further Expenditure or Deposit required as aforesaid shall be less than One Third of the estimated Costs for the Completion of the whole Work; and in every such case foph Advance may be made upon Mortgage or Assignment of such Rates, Rents, Tolls or Profits only, without requiring any Person or Persons to enter into any Personal Security by Writing obligatory to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successor8, in manner herein before mentioned; any thing in this Act contained #to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that on all Money so advanced there be paid an Interest after the Rate of Five Pounds ter Centum per Annum; and that the Principal Money so advanced shall be repaid by means of a Sinking Fund of not less than Five Pounds per Centum, within such time as the Commissioners lor the Execution of this Act shall direct and appoint, and as shall be specified in the Mortgage or Assignment to be made for such Rates, Rents, Tolls or Profits, pursuant to the Directions of this Act, unlew Provision shall be otherwise made to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners for the Repayment of such Principal within Ten Years at the furthest: Provided also, that in every case the Parties making Application for any such Advance shall undertake to complete any Work so approved by the said Commissioners, and on which any such Advance may have been made, at their own proper Costs and Charges, in case the Expence of completing the same shall exceed the estimated Amount as aforesaid.

XXVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners respectively to advance any Money under this Act for the building, enlarging or repairing of any Church or Parochial Chapel in the United Kingdom, upon having a Sum equal to One Half Part of the estimated Expence of such Building, Enlargement or Repair subscribed for or deposited or vested in any public Fund, without requiring any such Penonal Security as aforesaid 5 and in every such case it shall be lawful for the Churchwardens of the Parish to which such Church shall belong, or the Trustees of the said Church or Chapel, and they are hereby authorized and required to make Rates, and shall give the Pews in Security for the Repayment of the Interest of the Monies advanced under the Provisions of this Act, and for providing annually a Fund of not less than the Amount of the Interest upon the Sum advanced for the Repayment of the Principal thereof.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Trustees of any Road for which any Advance shall be made under the Provisions of this Act, or the major Part of the Trustees, not being lets than Two Thirds of the Number of Trustees present at arty Meeting called together by Notice given in the usual manner in which Notices are given for assembling such Trustees Six Days at the least before the Day appointed for the Meeting, and in which Notice the Purpose for which the Meeting is assembled shall be stated, to make an Order for laying on of such additional Tolls, not exceeding in any case One Half of the Amount of the Tolls which may be legally taken by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament then in force in relation to such Road, as may be necessary, in the Judgment of the said Trustees, for raising a sufficient Fund for the Repayment of any such Advance, and with all Interest thereon, within the Period stipulated under the Provisions of this Act for such Repayment; and from and after the Period specified in any such Order, all such additional Tolls may be demanded, taken, collected and recovered by the same Person, and by and under all such and the like Powers, Authorities, Penalties, Forfeitures, Provisions and Remedies, as Tolls are taken in relation to such Road under the Authority of any Act or Acts 01 Parliament, in like manner in any respect as if fqch additional Tolls were inserted in and made Part of the Tolls allowed to be taken and collected under the said Act or Acts 5 any thing contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament relating to any such Road to the contrary thereof notwithstanding: Provided always, that in every such case a separate and distinct Account shall be kept of the Produce of such increased and additional Tolls, and the Amount collected and arising from such increased and additional Tolls shall in every such case be applied solely in the Repayment of such Advance, with interest thereon, under the Provisions of this Act; and when and so soon as such Repayment shall be completed, all such additional Tolls shall cease and determine.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners or Trustees of arty Drainage for which any Advance shall be made under the Provisions of this Act, or the major Part of such Commissioners or Trustees, not being less than Two Thirds of the Number present at any Meeting called together by Notice given in tlje usual manner in which Notices are given for assembling such Commissioners or Trustees, Six Days at the least before the Day appointed for the Meeting, and in which Notice the Purpose for which the Meeting is assembled shall be stated, to make an Order for laying on of such additional Rates or Assessments, not exceeding in any case Ohe*Half of the Amount of the Rates or Assessments which may be legally taken by virtue of £ny Act or Acts of Parliament then in force in relation to such Drainage, as may be necessary in the Judgment of the said Commissioners or Trustees for raising a sufficient Fund for the Repayment of any such Advance, and with all Interest thereon, within the Period stipulated under the Provisions of this Act for such Repayment; and from and after the period specified in any such Order, all such additional Rates or Assessments may be rated and assessed, and demanded, taken, collected, levied and recovered, by the fame Persons, afld by and under all such and the like Powers, Authorities, Penalties, Forfeitures, Provisions and Remedies, as Rates and Assessments are rated, assessed, demanded, taken, collected, levied and recovered in relation to such Drainage under the Authority of any Act or Acts of Parliament in like manner in any respect as if such additional Rates and Assessments were inserted in and allowed to be assessed, taken and collected under the said Act or Ada; any thing contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament relating to any such Drainage to

14 the

A.D. 18*7.

57 GEORGII III.

C-34*

ntrary thereof no twhh flan ding: Provided always, that in every such case a separate and distinct Account e kept of the Produce of such increased and additional Rates and Assessments, and the Amount collected

the coni shall be

and arising from such increased and additional Rates and Assessments shall in every such case be applied solely in the Repayment of such Advance with Interest thereon, under the Provisions of this Act, and when andfo won as such Repayment shall be completed, all such additional Rates and Assessments shall cease and determine.

XXIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no such Exchequer Bills shall be advanced in Aid of any Parish in Great Britain^ unless the Application for such Advance shall be made with the Consent of not less than the Majority in Number, and of Three Fourth Parts in Value, such Value to be calculated and ascertained from the last Rate made for the Relief of the Poor in such Parish, of the Persons assessed to and paying such. Rates; or where the Poor Rates of any Parish shall be under the Care and Management of any Select Vestry or .Commissioners, Governors of the Poor, Trustees or other fele& Body, then with the Consent of not less than Four Fifths of such select Body, by whatever Name the fame may be called; such Consent to be certified by some Justice of the Peace or Magistrate acting as such in each Parish, and one or more of the Overseers of the Poor of the Parish or Place in respect of which the Application shall be itaade.

XXX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no such Application shall be made for any Advance to any Parish, unless with the Sandion of Two or more Justices of the Peace, or Magistrate acting as such within or for the Parish, or within of for the Division or City, Town or Place within which the Parish shall be situate; and the Application of all Sums so advanced shall be subj^d to the Inspection, Control and Di-redion, and the Accounts of such Expenditure shall be Tubjed to the Audit and Allowance, of Two or more Justices of the Peace or Magistrates as aforesaid.

XXXI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no larger Advance shall be made to any Parish in Great Britain, of such Bills, than shall be equal in Amount to One Half of the Sum affected in the Parish for the Poor Rates of the Parish for the last Year ending Easter One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, and ending at the ufua) Quarter Day immediately preceding Easter One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, according to the Period up to which the Poor Rates shall be made in the Parish; and the Amount advanced, with Interest thereon, shall be deemed and taken to be and be a Charge upon the Poor Rates of the Parish, until such Amount of Bills, together with all Interest thereon, shall have been duly discharged and satisfied; and the Overseers of the Poor of the Parish shall in every such case, upon Notice in Writing given to them for that Purpose by any Person or Persons upon whose Personal Security any such Bills shall have been advanced, Three Months before any Instalment shall become payable, pay every such Instalment from time to time as the same shall become due, out of any Money in their Hands arising from the Rates levied and col-le&ed in the Parish for the Relief of the Poor, or if no such Money shall remain in their Hands of such Rates, such Overseers shall and they are hereby authorized and required to make and colleA new and additional Rates for the Purpose of making from time to time such Payments, or of repaying to any Person or Persons who shall have made any such Payments, as the case may be, until the Whole of the Amount of the Bills advanced, with all Interest due thereon, shall be fully paid off and satisfied.

XXXII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in any case in which Four Fifths in Value of the Proprietors of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments in any Parish of Great Britain, shall apply for any Advance to any Parish under the Provisions of this Act, it shall be lawful to make, assess, levy, and collet Rates for the Repayment thereof, upon the Proprietors as well as upon the Occupiers of such Parish or Place.

XXXIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Advance shall be made under the Provisions of this Act for the Use of any Parish, Township or Place in which the Amount of the Money aduafly expended for the Relief of the Poor in the Year ending at Easter One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, or ending at the usual Quarter Day immediately preceding Easter One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, shall exceed by Three Fourths the Average Annual Amount of the Money expended for the Relief of the Poor for the Three Years preceding Easter One Thousand eight hundred and sixteen, or shall have not exceeded by One Half the Am°unt so expended for the Year ending Easter One thousand eight hundred and sixteen.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the whole Amount of all the Bills advanced to.Parishes in Great Britain, with Interest thereon, shall be paid off and discharged within Two Years from Ecjler One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, by such Instalments, and in such Proportions, and at such Periods as shall be fixed and settled by the Commissioners in that Behalf.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That the principal Sums contained in the Exchequer Bills which shall be advanced or lent by the said Commissioners for the Execution of this Act in Great Britain under the Authority of this Act, shall be repaid, without Deduction or Abatement, together with Interest for the fame,

Instalments, (that is to say the principal Sum in each and every Exchequer Bill shall be repaid to the Cashier or Cashiers of the Banjc of England at their Office, together with Interest for the fame at and after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, by the Space of Fifteen Days at least before the time when each such Exchequer Bill shall become payable according to the Provisions of this Act, such Interest to be computed on the said Principal Sum from the Date of such Exchequer Bill to the time of the Payment thereof.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the Principal Sums which fhsdl be advanced or lent in Ireland out of the Consolidated Fund, under and in pursuance of the Certificates of the Commissioners for the Execution of this Act in Ireland, the Payment whereof shall not be otherwise provided for pursuant to this Act, shall be pafd without Deduction or Aoatement, together with Interest for the fame after the Rate of Five Pounds for every One hundred Pounds by the Year, into the Receipt of the Exchequer in Ireland, by such Instalments and in such Proportions and at such Periods and times as the said Commissioners shall, by and with


51

Separate Account of such additional Rates to be kept.

Advance for Parishes to be made with Consent of Majority in Number and Three Fourths in Value of Person* paying Poor Rates; or with Consent of Four Fifth* of Select Vestry, &c.

Such Applications from Parishes to have the San&ioo of Two Justices.

Advance to any Parish not to exceed the Amount of last Half Year* Poor Rate; Overseers to pay Instalment out of Poor Rates, and make Rate* if necessary for the Purpose.

Where Four. Fifths of Proprietors of Lands, Stc.apply, Rate for Repayment made.

No Advance to any Parish unless Money expended for the Poor shall or Hull not be of a certain Excels.

Advance to Parishes, when to be repaid.

Principal Sums of Exchequer Bilb with Interest at 5l. per Cent, per Annum to be repaid by Instalments.

Sums advanced in Ireland to be repaid by such Instalments as shall be directed by Commissioners, with Consent

C«34*

57° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1817.

of L«d Lioik-temat.

Commissioners may extend Period! of Repayment.

dills issued and not used to be

the Cob fen t of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, direct and appoint, and as shall be fpdeified accordingly in the Securities to be taken by the said Commissioners for the Repayment of such Money m manner herein before directed by this Act.

XXXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners for the Execution of this Act respectively to extend any Periods of Repayment of any Money advanced under the ProvihoM of this Act, in any case in which an adequate Fund, not less in annual Amount than the Amount of Iniereft payable upon the Money originally advanced, shall be established and secured to the said Commissioners for foeh Repayment.

XXXVIII. And Whereas the Parties to whom Exchequer Bills may be issued in Great Britain by virtue not have Occasion to make Use of all their Bills; f Be it further enacted, That such Exche-

9 of this Act may 1

After due Payment of Sums advanced with Intareft) Obligations to be delivered up to be cancelled.

SSeoittatid 88 maT be tendered m Payment or Part of Payment, of any of the Sums advanced by virtue of

excelled. this Act, shall he returned to the Office at the Exchequer in Great Britain from which they were issued, and Certificate to forthwith cancelled by the proper Officer or Officers by whom the said Bills were issued, he or they giving Person return- a Certificate to the Person returning such Exchequer Bills for the Information of the Commissioners for the "« Execution of this Act in Great Britain.

Commissioners

XXXIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners for the for Great Britain Ejection Of this Act in Great Britain, by Writing under the Hands and Seals of any Three or more of theft»sdtofEng tbw*1* to authorize the Cashier or Caftiiers of the Bank of England to employ any Monies which shall be paid land to employe as aforesaid, in the Purchase of any Exchequer Bills which shall be payable at the Period then next ensuing. Monies paid in and shall write thereon, in Words at Length, the Day of the Month and Year in which he or they so pur-Purchase of chafed such Bills, to which respective Days the said Caftiier or Caftiiers shall be allowed the Interest: , upon his Exchequer Bills. or thehr paying the fame into the Receipt of Exchequer in Great Britain as aforesaid; provided that no Ip-terefl shall run or be paid upon or for any such Bills during the time they shall remain in the Hands of such Cashier or Caftiiers, but for such time the Interest on every such Bill shall cease.

XL. And be it further enacted, That after the due Payment of the Sums advanced, with Interest as aforesaid, at the times and in the manner herein specified, every Obligation entered into in purfance of this Act, being folly satisfied according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, shaft be forthwith delivered up to be cancelled 5 and in case any such ObEgation shall have been prosecuted according to the Directions of this Act, the Commissioners for the Execution of this Act, or any. Two or more of them respectively, shall by their Warrant or Warrants direct the proper Officer or Officers of the Courts of Exchequer in England, Ireland or Scotland respectively, to enter up Satisfaction in such Obligation or Obligations' so being fttisfted as aforesaid upon the Record, or otherwise to deliver up the same to be cancelled, as the case may require.

Upon Defoik of JILL And be it further enacted, That m case any Default shall be made by any Person or Persons in the

Payment of any Sum or Sams advanced under the Provisiont of this Act, it shall be lawful for the Commis-eels m*y us. £oners for the Execution of this Act, or any Three of more of them, to issue their Warrant or Warrants from tkne to time to the proper Officer or Officers of the Crown having the Direction or Management of Proceedings upon Obligations to His Majesty in Great Britain and Ireland respectively, requiring such Officer or Officers presently to probeed against all or any of the Persons who shall have entered into any Security for the Sum advanced, his, her and their Heirs, Executors and Administrators, for the Recovery of such Parts of the Sums Costs. advanced on such Securities as shall be then due, together with Interest as aforesaid, and such Costaand Charges

attending such Proceeding as shall be by Law payable for the fame; .he Amount of which Principal Sums so SomsNcovered to be levied the said Commissioners respectively shall cause from time to time to be testified by their Note in Writing, under the Hands of any Two or more of them respectively, to such Officer or Officers, ' and which o EagUnd or gum ft, aq be mferted in the Writ of Phicefs; and the like Process shall and may from time to time issue as aforesaid, as Occasion shall require j and the Sums so recovered (the Costs and Charges aforesaid excepted) shall be paid to the Caftiier or Caftiiers of the Bank of England, or into the Receipt of the Exchequer in Ireland, as the case shall require, without Abatement, Deduction or Delay, in Satisfaction of such Demands; and k shall be in the Discretion of the said Commissioners respectively to direct against which of the Obhgors in such Security such Proceedings shall be* from time to time commenced or prosecuted; and the said Commissioners respectively shall have the Control and Superintendence of such Prosecutions; and the same shall not Proceedings not be difbontinued, quashed or abated upon any Pretence whatever, without the Authority of the said Commission-quashed without erVy testified under the Hands and Seals of any Two or more of them respectively, and exhibited to the Barons of His Majesty's Court of Exchequer at JVcfhninJfer or Dublin, or to the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, as the case may require.

XLII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Proceedings shall be directed by the said Commissioners under this Act as aforesaid against any of the Obligors*, or any Obligor named in any such Obligation, no Writ or Writs of Scire Facias shall be required to be issued, but that upon the Production of the Warrant or Warrants of the said Commissioners respectively as before mentioned, before any of the Barons of the said respective Courts of Exchequer, an Extent may issue in the first Process upon the Fiat of such Baron, without any Affidavit or other Verification or Proof of the Cause of such Proceeding than such Warrant or Warrants as aforesaid.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That every Obligation, or other Security entered into or given from g^. and after the passing of this Act, by any Person or Persons who shall afterwards become Bankrupt within the

England or ire-rue Intent and Meaning of the several Statutes made and now in force concerning Bankrupts, and against whom a Commission of Bankrupt shall be awarded and issued out in England or Ireland, shall by reason and force of such Bankruptcy, and from the time of such Bankruptcy, become and be forfeited, and due and

payable

Ireland. Commissioners may direct garitft which of the Obligors Proceedings are to be had.

Authority of Commissioners.

In Proceedings against Obligors no Writ of Scire Facias requisite.

Securities of Persons becom-'

land to be forfeited, and the

A.D. 1817. 57° GEORGII III. G34. $3

payable at again fi fuel) Bankrupt or Bankrupt#; and that all the Estate and Effect of fdch Bankrupt or Claims of Corn-Bankrupts, which would be liable to satisfy the Demand# of the Creditor# seeking Relief under stich Commissioners to be mission of Bankrupt, shall be liable and subject to and are hereby made chargeable with the Payment of the first P^» kc. Principal and Interest due upon such Obligation Of other Security, and all Colls attending the Recovery of the feme; and that the respective Claims of the Commissioners for the Execution of this Act shall be first paid and satisfied out of the Estate and Effects of such Bankrupt or Bankrupts, and in preference to the Claim of Commi$onfcf* any other Creditor or Creditors; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, in the Name of their Se- under this Act cretary for the time being, to apply by Petition in a summary Way to the proper Courts in England and may apply to th» Ireland, having Jurisdiction of the Matter# of such Commission of Bankruptcy, to make due Order accord- p0^1* inghr, which such Court# respectively are hereby authorized and required to make. ct 0

XL.IV. And be it further enacted, That every Obligation, or other Security entered into or given from Andslfem and after the passing of tbi# Act, by any Person or Persons who shall afterward# become Bankrupt, and Scotland, against whose Estate Sequestration shall be awarded in Scotland, shall by reason and force of such Bankruptcy, and from the time of the Date of the First Deliverance on the Petition to the Court of Session for awarding the Sequestration, become and be due and payable a# against such Bankrupt or Bankrupts; and that all the Estate and Effects, Real and Personal, of lucn Bankrupt or Bankrupts, which would be liable to satisfy the Demands of the Creditors seeking Relief under such Sequestration, " shall be liable and subject and are hereby made chargeable with the Payment of the Principal and Interest due upon such Obligation or other Security, and all Cofb attending the Recovery of the fame; and that th# Claims of the said Commissioners shall be paid* and fatiafied out of the Estate and Effects of such Bankrupt or Bankrupts, and in reference to the Claim of any other Creditor or Creditors, nevertheless without Prejudice to References duly obtained according to the Daw of Scotland upon the Real Estates of Persons who shall become Bankrupts; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, in the Name of the Secretary for the time being, to apply by Petition in a summary Way to the proper Courts in Scotland, having Jurisdiction of the Matters of such bankruptcy, for making effectual-the Payment of the Claims of the said Commissioners accordingly, and the said Courts are hereby authorized and required to make the fame effectual accordingly.

XLV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the several Commissioners Comwffiomn for the Execution of this Act to accept from the Assignees under any Commission of Bankrupt issued, or from mty S*. the Factor or Factors, Trustee or Trustees, under any Sequestration awarded against any Debtor or Debtor# cyrityfor Swn* in any such Loan under this Act, such Security for the Payment of the Sum due from such Bankrupt or Bankrupt# out of hi# or their Estate or Effects, as the said Commissioners shall respectively approve; and that h<jw f*r fWi the Acceptance of such Security by the said Commissioners shall operate as a Release of the Estate of such Security m of* Bankrupt or Bankrupt#, for the Benefit of the Creditors under the said Commission of Bankruptcy in Eng- rate asaRcAecfc land or Ireland, or Sequestration in Scotland, from all Claims whatever by the said Commissioners, other than for riwlkMii and except such Part of the said Estate as shall be specified in Writing between the said Commissioners for ^heBeslyoiL the Execution of this Act, and the said Assignees under the said Commission of Bankruptcy in England ot Ireland, or between the said Commissioners for the Execution of this Act, and the Factor or Factors, Trustee or Trustees under the said Sequestration in Scotland, to be reserved by the said Commissioners for the Execution of this Act, for such Security as aforesaid, in case the said Commissioners shall require such Security.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners for the Execution of this Commissioners Act, in the Name of their Secretary for the time being, to apply by Petition or otherwise to the proper Court#"*y aPPty in England or Ireland and Scotland respectively, for any Commission of Bankruptcy or Sequestration against Comm^oitt^ the Estate or Effects of any Bankrupt or Bankrupts, and to sue and otherwise pursue the fame respectively, irt SMueiftraSii. like manner as any other Creditor or Creditors is or are by Law entitled to do in England\ Ireland and Scotland respectively.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners named in any Commission of Bankruptcy, Commissioners which shall at any time hereafter be awarded and issued out in England or Irelandt and the Court of Session, of Bankrupt or Lord Ordinary officiating on the Bills for the time, and every Officer or other Person concerned in the t<J^ITlt Pro°f Management of the sequestered Estate of any Bankrupt in Scotland^ fcall admit the Proof of any Debt, or oath of UPersons Grounds of Debt, under this Act, on the Oath, Affirmation, or Affidavit of any Person appointed by the Appointed by the several Commissioners for the Execution of this Act; which Oath, Affirmation, and Affidavit respectively Commissioners shall be taken and administered before any One of the proper Officers having Authority by Law to administer under this Act 5 Oath# or Affirmations, or to take Affidavit# in cases of Bankruptcy, and mall permit such Ferfori so autho- ^(JPermitv^h rized by the several Commissioners for the Execution of this Act, to vote in the Choice of an Assignee or in^cholceof Assignees, Factor or Factors, Trustee or Trustees, a# the case may require, of the Estate and Effects of Assignees, &c. such Bankrupts, and to do and execute every other Act, Matter or Thing relating to such Bankruptcy, as fnDy and effectually as if such Person so authorized were the Iona Jiae Creditor of such Bankrupt or Bankrupts.

XLVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be Act not to delay construed to extend to prevent, hinder, or delay the Execution of any Commission of Bankruptcy by the the Execution of Commissioners therein named, according to the Law# now in force in England and Ireland respectively, Commission* of or on the proceeding to or under Sequestration in Scotland\ provided that every Assignment of the Estate or Effects of such Bankrupt or Bankrupts, undeV the said Commission in England and Ireland, and every UIKjer Act of Sequestration of the Estate or Effects of such Bankrupt or Bankrupts in Scotland, shall be sub- non, jest to the Claim# of the several Commissioner# for the Exertion of this Act, and until the same shall be fully paid,

C. 34.

57° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1817.

Provision* for Bankruptcy to extend to Se-questr&tions in Scotland.

Seven Commissioners may act.

Bank of England to open an Account with the Commissioners.

Commissioners to give Certificate of Particulars of Exchequer Bills advanced before Monies repaid. The Bank on

Production thereof to receive the Amount with Interest.

Like Certificate to Officers on Commissioners

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That every Provision in this Act, made with Application to any Commission or Commissions of Bankruptcy, shall be deemed and construed to extend to any Sequestration awarded or to be awarded against the Estate or Effects of any Bankrupt or Bankrupts in Scotland, as fully and effectually as if such Provision had Bfcen expressly applied thereto by this Act,

L. And be it further enacted, That all Acts, Matters and Things which the Commissioners for the Execution of this Act are hereby required or authorized to do or execute, shall and may be done and executed by any Seven or more of such Commissioners in Great Britain, apd by the Majority of such Commissioners in Ireland, unless in cases where it is otherwise specially provided by this Act.

LI. And be it further enacted, That the Governors and Directors of the Bank of England shall, and they are hereby required to open an Account in their Books with the Commissioners for the Execution of this Act in Great Britain, under the Title of " Commissioners for the Issue of certain Exchequer Bills, " and shall carry to the Credit of such Account the several Monies by this Act directed to be paid to the Cashiers of the said Bank; and whensoever the said Commissioners shall have advanced or lent any of the Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act to any Person or Persons, the said Commissioners shall, at some time before the Sums contained therein shall be to be repaid, deliver to such Person or Persons, at his or their Request, one or more Certificate or Certificates under their Hands, specifying the Value of every such Exchequer Bill, the respective Dates thereof, and the times when they will respectively become payable by virtue of this Act; and the said Cashiers of the Bank, or one of them, shall, upon the Production of such lad nymtioded (Certificate or Certificates, by the Space of Fifteen Days or more after such Exchequer Bills shall become payable, accept and receive from the Person or Persons producing the fame the Amount of the Principal Sums contained therein, together with such Interest, to be computed from the Date thereof to the time of Payment as aforesaid, and at the Foot of such last mentioned Certificate or Certificates acknowledge the Receipt of the said Monies; and that whensoever the said Commissioners shall by their Warrant or Order have directed such Monies to be raised or levied by Sale of any Wares or Merchandize deposited by virtue of this Act, or by any Proceedings on any Securities taken by virtue thereof in Default of such Payment as aforesaid, the said Commissioners shall deliver to the Officer or Officers executing the fame respectively a like Certificate as aforesaid, and further specifying therein the Amount of the Monies to be raised or levied, and the Substance of ffiredineMcnies Warrant or Order to raise or levy the same; and the said Cashier* of the Bank, or any One of them, due to be raised shall, upon the Production of such last mentioned Certificate, accept and receive from such Officer or Officers by Sale of Goods, the Monies so raised and levied in Satisfaction of the Payments whereof Default shall be made as aforesaid, and at the Foot of such Certificate acknowledge the Receipt of the said Monies, without Fee or Reward; and every such Receipt shall be afterwards brought to the Office of the said Commissioners hereby appointed, and levied. ky them entered m proper Books to be provided and kept for that Purpose; and the said Commissioners or

Commissioners any Three or more of them shall attest the fame under their Hands, and return the same to the Person or Persons producing the fame at the said Office 5 and every such Receipt so attested, and every such Entry in any of the said Books, shall respectively from thenceforth be an Acquittance and Discharge for the Sums expressed therein to have been received as against the said Commissioners and every of them, their and every of their Executors and Administrators, as well to the Person or Persons to whom such Receipts shall be given, as to all apd every the Persons who shall have entered into any Security in respect of the Exchequer Bills mentioned in such Certificate to which such Receipt shall be subscribed, their and every of their Heirs, Executors and Administrators respectively.

LII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Sum and Sums of Money which shall be paid into the Bank of England under or by virtue of this Act, shall from time to time be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster distinctly and apart from all other Monies; and that there shall be provided and kept in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt of the said Exchequer a Book or Books, in which all the Monies paid into the said Receipt by virtue of this Act shall be entered separate and apart from all other from other Mo- Monies paid into the said Receipt upon any other Account whatever 5 and that all the Monies so paid into nies, and to be the said Receipt by virtue of this Act shall be subject and liable to the Uses and Purposes herein after mentioned; (that is to say, } Place for paying off and discharging all the Exchequer Bills to be made

out by virtue of this Act, with such Interest as shall be payable thereon, at the respective Days and times, and in the Order and Course in which the same are hereby directed to be discharged; and all such Exchequer Bills, and Interest thereon as aforesaid, shall be and are hereby charged and chargeable upon, and shall be repaid and borne by and out of the first Monies that shall arise in the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer accordingly 5 and alter paying off and discharging the fame, in the next place to pay off all the Charges and Expences which shall be incurred by the Commissioners for the Execution of this Act in Great Britain, and to make good all such Sums as have been issued to the said. Commissioners out of the public Monies towards the said Charges and Expences, in pursuance of the Orders of the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, X>r any Three of them, or the said Lord High Treasurer for the time being, according to the Directions of this Ad4 and also to pay and satisfy all Charges and Expences incident to or attending the making out such Exchequer Bills; and if any Surplus shall remain of the Monies paid into the said Receipt by virtue of this Act, aUer satisfying the several Sums hereby charged thereon as aforesaid, such Surplus shall be reserved for the Disposition of Parliament.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That on the several Days and times on which such Exchequer Bills arc directed to be discharged, or within Ten Days after such Days respectively, the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or Three or more of them, or the said Lord High Treasurer for the time being, shall cause a true and perfect Account in Writing to be taken and attested by the proper Officers, of all the Exchequer Bills, to be made out in pursuance of this Act, which shall become payable on the respective Days and

to attest such Receipts.

Money i>aid into the Bank to be from time to time paid into the Exchequer, and kept apart

subject to the Uses herein specified.

Treasury to cause Accounts to be taken of Exchequer Bills when payable, and of the Mo*

A.D. 1817. 57° GEORGII III. C. 34.

and times before specified, and of the Mpnies which shall then be in the Receipt of the said Exchequer applicable to the paying off and discharging the fame; and if the Money which shall have arisen in the said Exchequer, for or on account of the Payments to be made by the Bank of England by virtue of this Act on the respectivp Periods before mentioned, shall not be sufficient to discharge the whole Principal and Interest due as aforesaid on the several Exchequer Bills'to bp issued in pursuance of this Act, then such Deficiency shall and may be supplied and made good by and out of the Aids or Supplies which shall be granted for the Service of the Year CTne thousand eight hundred and twenty 5 and in case the Monies arising from such Aids or Supplies shall not at the time be sufficient for that Purpose, then all the said Exchequer Bills remaining undischarged, with the Interest and Charges incident to or attending the fame, shall be and are hereby charged and chargeable upon such Monies as, at any time or times after any such Deficiencies shall happen, shall be or remain in the Receipt of the said Exchequer of the Fund called the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain apd Ireland, except such Monies of the said Consolidated Fund as are appropriated to any particular Use or Uses by any Act or Acts of Parliament in that Behalf; and such Monies of the said Consolidated Fund shall and may be issued and applied from time to time, as soon as the fame can be regularly dated and ascertained, for and towards paying off, cancelling and discharging such remaining Exchequer Bills, Interest and Charges, until the whole of them shall be paid off, cancelled and discharged, or Money sufficient for that Purpose be kept and refesved in the Exchequer, to be payable on Demand to the respective Proprietors thereof.

LIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That whatever Monies (Hall be so issued out of the Consolidated Fund shall from time to time be replaced by and out of the First Supplies to be thereafter granted in Parliament, any thing therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided also, that whatever Monies shall be afterwards paid by the Bank of England into the said Receipt in pursuance of this Act, shall be applied towards replacing the Monies before issued of the said Aids or Supplies, or out of the said Consolidated Fund, as the case may be; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Governor and Company of the Bauk of England to advance or lend to His Majesty, at the Receipt of the Exchequer of Great Britain, upon the Credit of the Exchequer Bills issued under this Act, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the Sum of One million five hundred thousand Pounds 5 any thing in an Act made in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled An Act for granting to Their Majesties federal Rates and Duties upon Tonnage of Ships and Vessels, and upon Beer, Ale and other Liquors, for securing certain Recommences and Advantages in the said Act mentioned, to such Persons as shall voluntarily advance the Sum of One million five hundred thousand Pounds towards carrying on the War against France, to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

LVI. And be it further enacted, that the several Commissioners for the Execution of this Act, from time to time, at their Discretion, and as soon as poifible after the Determination of all Proceedings under this Act, and the Commissioners for the Execution of this Act in Ireland, whenever they shall be thereto required by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, shall respectively lay an Account or Accounts of their Proceedings in Writing before both Houses of Parliament.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That if any of the Commissioners for the Execution of this Act in Great Britain shall decline to act in the Execution of the Powers and Trusts thereof, or having begun to act shall decline to act further therein, or shall depart this Life during the Continuance of this Act, it shall bet lawful for the remaining Commissioners, or the major Part of them acting as aforesaid, by any Writing under their Hands and Seals, to constitute and appoint such Person or Persons to be a Commissioner or Commissioners for the Purpose aforesaid, in the Place of the Commissioner or Commissioners so refuting to act or declining further to act, so dying as aforesaid, as the said acting Commissioners or the major Part of them shall think fit; and so often as such case shall happen, and the Person or Persons so constituted and appointed by the said Commissioners, having first qualified to act by taking and subscribing the Oath hereinbefore provided and directed, shall be invested with the fame Powers and Authorities as are given or delegated by this Act unto the said Commissioners or Commissioner constituted by this Act respectively.

LVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being to revoke the Appointment of any Person or Persons to be a Commissioner or Commissioners for the Execution of this Act in Ireland, and from time to time to nominate and appoint such other Person or Persons to be a Commissioner or Commissioners, as such Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors for the time being shall think fit; and also to appoint from time to time any Person or Persons to be a Commissioner or Commissioners to supply any Vacancy which may be occasioned by the Death or Resignation of any Commissioner or Commissioners who may be appointed by virtue of this Act.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for all Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, advancing any of the Exchequer Bills to be issued by virtue of this Act, by way of Loan, to any Persons who may be willing to accept such Exchequer Bills, valuing the fame at the Sum which shall be expressed therein respectively, together with such Interest as may have accrued thereon at the time of advancing such Loan, to charge and receive Interest for such Loan at the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum; any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

LX. And be it further enacted, That the several Commissioners for the Execution of this Act shall and may receive and fend all their Letters and Packets free from the Duty of Postage; provided that such Letters and Packets as shall be sent to the said Commissioners for the Execution of this Act in Great Britain, be directed to M The Commissioners for the Issue of Exchequer Bills at their Office 5" and that such Letters and Packets as shall be sent to the said Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act in Ireland, shall be directed to " The Commissioners for the Issue of Money out of the Consolidated Fund at their Office and

55

ney in the Exchequer to dischsrge them. Proceedings when Money not sufficient to discharge the Principal and Interest due on Exchequer Bilk

Monies issued cut of the Consolidated Fund to be replaced out of the first Supplies.

Bank may advance 1, 500, 000]. on the Credit of this Act, notwithstanding 5&6 W. & M.

C. 20.

Commissioners to lay an Account of their Proceedings before Parliament.

If Commissioners die, Arc. major Part of the remaining Commissionera in Great Britain may fill up Vacancies.

Persons so appointed to take the aforesaid Oath.

Lord Lieutenant may revoke Appointments, and fill Vacancies in Ireland.

Persons advancing Exchequer Bills by Loan may take 5L per Cent. Interest.

[Proviso.]

Commissioners may receive and fend Letters free of Poftsge.

56 C-34, 35-

57° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1817.

Obligation*, fcc. not liable to Stamp Duty.

Actions for executing Act not to b« brought but upon Notice, nor after Satisfaction or Tender, nor after Six Months. Whefe to be laid.

[General Issue.]

[Treble Costs.]

Counterfeiting, ftc. Certificates, Sec. or delivering such to any Officer, or uttering the fame,

Death.

Affirmation* may be administered.

Act may be altered, &c. this Session.

thit all such Letters and Packets as shall be foot by the said Commissioners shall be dated from their said Office, and shall be signed on the Outside of such Letters and Packets by such Person as the said Commissioners for the Execution of this Act in Great Britain shall appoint, with the Consent of the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, and as the said Commissioners for the Execution of this Act jin Ireland shall appoint, with the Consent of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Irelandf*nd under such Restrictionf and Regulations as the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Trqfrftiry, or the said Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors respectively shall think proper and direct.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That no Obligation to His Majesty nor any Heritable Securities, nor any Assignment of any Heritable Securities, nor any Mortgage or Assignment of any Tolls, Rates or Duties taken by the said Commissioners, nor any Promissory Note under this Act, as a Security for the Loan of Money in such Exchequer Bills as aforesaid, nor any Affidavit, Deposition, or Receipt to be respectively taken or made under and by virtue of this Act, shall be liable to any Stamp Duty.whatever 5 any thing in any Act or Acts in force in Great Britain or Ireland to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Per* fens for any thing done by virtue of or in pursuance of this Act, until Fourteen Days* Notice thereof in Writing shall have been given to the Secretary for the time being of the said Commissioners, nor after a sufficient Satisfaction, or a Tender thereof, hath been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, nor after Six Calendar Months next after the Fad committed ? and such A dion shall be brought in the said Courts of Exchequer in En^landy Ireland or Scotland* and shall be laid in the County of Middlesex* or City of Dublin, or Edinburgh respectively, and not elsewhere 5 and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the speci&l Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if the same shall appear to be so done, or if such Action or Suit shall be brought after the time hereinbefore limited for bringing the same, or shall be brought without Fourteen Days' Notice thereof, or shall be brought in any other County or Place, or after a sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, that then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants 5 or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or suffer a Discontinuance of his, her or their Action or Actions, or if a Verdict shall pass against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and shall have such Remedy for recovering the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Costs of Suit in any other cases by Law.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall forge, counterfeit or alter, or cause or procure to \>e forged, counterfeited or altered, or knowingly or wilfully ad or assist in the forging, counterfeiting or altering any Certificate or Certificates of the Commissioners for the Execution of this Act, or any of them, or any Receipt or Receipts to be given by the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England in pursuance of this Act, or shall wilfully deliver any such forged, counterfeited or altered Certificate or Receipt to the Auditor of the^Reaeipt of His Majesty's Exchequer in Great Britain, or to the Vice Treasurer of Ireland for the time being, or to any Officer appointed by them or either of them, or to the Commissionera for the Execution of this Act or any of them, or to any Officer or Officers appointed by them or any of them in the Execution of the Powers of this Act, or shall utter any such forged, counterfeited or altered Certificate or Certificates, Receipt or Receipts, knowing the same to be forged, counterfeited or altered, with Intent to defraud His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, or any Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, or any Person whomsoever, then and in every such case all and every Person or Persons so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as in cases of Felony without Benefit of Clergy.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where an Oath may be administered by this Act, it shall be lawful to administer an Affirmation in lieu thereof, as the case may require.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That this Act, or any of the Provisions thereof, may be amended, al* tered or repealed by any Act or Acts to be passed in this present Session of Parliament.

Lord Lieutenant of Ireland may appoint special Commissioners for receiving yfpplications for Relief from the 2jo, ooool. advanced in Ireland by Sc Sian 5* of this See Cap. 124. §1. post.]

CAP. XXXV.

Number of Forces, 121, 035.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion \ and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

[20th June 1817.]

WHEREAS the raising or keeping a Standing Army within the United Kingdom of Great Britain 4 W and Ireland, in a time of Peace, unless it be with the Consent of Parliament^ is against Law: And Whereas it is judged necessary by His Majesty, and this present Parliament, that a Body of Forces should be continued for the Safety of the United Kingdom, the Defence of the Possessiont of His Majesty's Crown

and the Preservation of the Balance of Power in Europe, and that the whole Number of such Forces should consist of One hundred and twenty one thousand and thirty five effectice Officers and Men, including the

Forces stationed in France, and also Fifteen thousand five hundred and eighty five Officers and Men proposed

to be disbanded, and One thousand eight hundred and sixty three Officers and Men proposed to be transferred to the Indian Establishment, but exclusive of the Officers and Men belonging to the Regiments now

employed in the Territorial Possessions of the East India Company, or ordered from thence to Great Bri» 4 tain: And Whereas no Man can be forejudged of Life or Limb, or subjected in time of Peace to any Kind of Punishment within this Realm by Martial Law, or in any other manner than by the Judgment of his Peers, and according to the known and cKablished Laws of this Realm; yet nevertheless, it being requisite, for the

i 1 4 retaining

57

A.D. 1817. 57° GEORGII III. C. 35, 36.

retaining all the before mentioned Forces in their Duty, that an exact Difripline bt observed, and that Sot-9 diers wno shall mutiny or stir up Sedition, or shall desert His Majesty's Service, be brought to a more9exemplary and speedy Punishment than the usual Forms of the Law will allow; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if Offietst, any Person who is or shall be commissi<*ied or in Pay as an Officer, or who is or shall be lifted or in Pay as a99

Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier, shall at any time, during the Continuance of this Act, begin, excite,*

cause or join in any Mutiny or Sedition in His Majesty's Land or Marine Forces, or shall not use hi* utmost Endeavours to suppress the fame, or coming to the Knowledge of any Mutiny or intended Mutiny, shall not without Delay give Information thereof to his Commanding Officer; or shall misbehave himself before the Enemy; or shall shamefully abandon or deliver up any Garrison, Fortress, Post or Guard committed to his Charge, or which he shall be commanded to defend; or shall compel the Governor or Commanding Officer of any Garrison, Fortress Or Post, to deliver up to the Enemy, or to abandon the fame; or shall speak Words, or use any other Means to induce such Governor or Commanding Officer, or others, to misbehave before the En£my, or shamefully to abandon or deliver up any Garrison, Fortress, Post or Guard committed to their respective Charge, or which he or they shall be commanded to defend; or shall leave his Post before relieved; or shall be found sleeping on his Post; or shall hold Correspondence with, or give Advice or Intelligence to or fovod fespiag any Rebel or Enemy of His Majesty, either by Letters, Messages, Signs or Tokens, in any manner or way J>p°n ordettrtiox whatsoever; or shall treat or enter into any Terms with such Rebel or Enemy, without His Majesty's Li- h, i*fcc' cence, or Licence of the General or Chief Commander; or shall strike or use any Violence against his superior striking or Af-

Officer, being in the Execution of his Office; or shall disobey any lawful Command of his Superior Officer; obeyh*g h*: S«-or shall desert His Majesty's Service; all and every Person and Persons so offending in any of the Matters before mentioned, whether such Offence shall be committed within this Realm, or in any other of His Majesty's ponifti'ment«a Dominions, or in Foreign Parts, upon Land or upon the Sea, shall suffer Death, or such other Punishment as^Court Martial b7 a Court Martial shall be awarded. wflift.

[Thit A3, with the exception of ScQion 156. is the fame, and all the Schedules are also the same as Cap. 12.

ante: which A8 was made to continue in force in Great Britain until the l$tb June 1817.] '

CLVI. And be it further enacted, .That this Act shall be and continue in force within Great Britain from Combmance of the Twenty fourth Day of June in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, until the this A«. Twenty fifth Day of March in the Year of Our Lord. One thousand eight hundred and eighteen; and shall be and continue in force within Ireland and in Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark and Isle of Man, and the Islands thereto belonging, from the First Day of July in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred, and seventeen, until the First Day of April in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and eighteen 5 and shall be and continue in force within the Garrison of Gibraltar, and in Spain and Portugal, from the Twenty Fifth Day of August in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, Until the Twenty Fifth Day of May in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and eighteen; and shall be and continue in force in all other Parts of Europe where His Majesty's Forces may be serving, and in the West Indies and North America, and Cape of Good Hope, from the Twenty Fifth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, to the Twenty Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eighteen; and shall be and continue in force in* all other Places from the Twenty Fifth Day of February One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, to the Twenty Fifth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and nineteen.

CAP. XXXVI.

An Act to regulate the Trade to and from the Places within the Limits of the Charter of the East India Company, and certain Possessions of His Majesty in die Mediterranean.

[20th June 1817.]

WHEREAS an Act wai passed in the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled 53 G. 3. c. 155. An Act for continuing in the East India Company, for a further Term', the Possession of the British §6.

Territories in India, together with certain exclusive Privileges; for establishing further Regulations for the 1 Government of the feud Territories, and the % better Administration of Justice within the same; and for regulating the Trade to and from the Places within the Limits of the said Company's Charter: And Whereas by the said recited Act it was enacted, that it should be lawful for any of rlis Majesty's Subjects, in common with the said United Company, to export in Ships navigated according to Law, from any Port or Forts*within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, to all Ports and Places within the Limits re- ferred to, save and except the Dominions of the Emperor of China, any Goods', Ware's and Merchandize which could then, or might at any time or times thereafter, be legally exported; and also in common with the said Company to import in Ships navigated as aforesaid, from any Port or Ports within the Limits*aforesaid, save and except as aforesaid, into the said United Kingdom, any Goods, Wares and Merchandize,

the .Produce or Manufacture of any of the Countries within the said Limits, which could or might at any9time or times thereafter be legally imported 5 subject nevertheless to the several Restrictions, Conditions and Limitations in the said Act contained: And Whereas it was also enacted by the said Act, that nothing therein contained should extend or be construed to extend to prevent the making, during the further Term thereby granted to the said Company, such further Provisions by Authority of Parliament, as might from time to time be deemed necessary for enabling His Majesty's Subjects to carry on Trade and Traffic,

directly or circuitously, as well between all Ports and Places situate without the Limits of the said Company's Charter, and all Ports and Places (except the Dominions of the Emperor of China) situate within those Limits, as between the said United Kingdom and all the last mentioned Ports and Places, except as.4 aforesaid: And Whereas by an Act passed in the Fifty fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, 54 0.3. c. 34. 57 Geo. III. I*intituled §

C. 36.

57° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1817.

Limits of the Company's Charter, except to China.

No Persons other than the Company to trade in Tea.

fidered within i'uch Limits,

Trade not to be carried on in Ships under the Burden prescribed by 53 G. 3. c. 155.

c. 155-

intituled An Act for the further Regulation of the Trade to and from the Places within the Limits of the i Charter of the East India Company, Provision was made for enabling the said Company, and all other His Majesty's Subjects to carry on a circuitous Trade to, from and between the Places within such Limits: And

Whereas it is expedient to make Provision for the enabling the said Company and all other His Majesty's ' Subjects to carry on Trade within the Limits of the Charter of the said Company, and certain Possessions of His Majesty in the Mediterranean; Be it therefore enfcfted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in

Trade may be this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this f*Vn?circu!to^" Act*kwful for the said Company, and also for any other of His Majesty's Subjects to carry on

ly between* Trade and Traffic, in Ships navigated according to Law, directly and circuitously between the Island of

Malta and its Malta and its Dependencies, or the Port of Gibraltar, and all Ports and Places within the Limits of the said

Dependencies, Company's Charter, except the Dominions of the Emperor of China; any thing contained in any Charter of °J, p, bralt"\ an<i Company, or in any Act or Acts of Parliament, to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that

Plac^within then canT*nS on such Trade it shall not be lawful to trade to or at any Port or Place without the Limits of the e said Company's Charter, other than those with which Trade is permitted by the said Act of the Fifty fourth Year of His present Majesty: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to authorize any of His Majesty's Subjects, other than the said Company, or Persons properly licensed by them, to export or import from or to any such Countries, Ports and Places, within or without such Limits, or to import into the United Kingdom, any Tea, or in any manner to trade or traffic in Tea, between any such Ports or Places as aforesaid.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That His Majesty's Settlement at the Cape of Good Hope

Cape of Good shall, as to all Trade allowed by this Act to be carried on, be deemed, construed and taken to be within the

Hope to be con- Limits of the East India Company's Charter: Provided also, that nothing herein contained, as to the said

Settlement being deemed as to such Trade as aforesaid to be within such Limits, shall extend or be construed to extend to prevent, or in any manner to limit or affect, any other Trade which now may or which may hereafter be allowed to be carried on between the said Settlement and any other Countries, Ports or Places whatever.

III. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Vessel carrying on Trade

under the Provisions of this Act, to clear out from or be admitted to Entry at any Port in the United Kingdom, the registered Measurement of which Vessel shall be under the Burden prescribed by the said Act of the Fifty third Year of His present Majesty, or which may be prescribed by any Act hereafter to be passed for Vessels carrying on Trade between the United Kingdom and the Places within the Limits of the East India Company's Charter.

IV. And Whereas by the said Act of the Fifty third year of His present Majesty's Reign it is enacted,

that no Ship or Vessel engaged in private Trade under the Authority of that Act, shall proceed to any Place

situate on the Continent of AJtay from the river Indus to the Town of Malacca inclusive, or in any Island under the Government of the said Company lying to the North of the Equator, or to the said Company's Factory of

Bencoolen or its Dependencies, or to any other Place or Places situate more to the northward than Eleven Degrees of South Latitude, and between the Sixty fourth and One hundred and fiftieth Degrees of East

Longitude from London, without a Licence from the Court of Directors of the said Company, or from the Board of Commissioners for the Affairs of India, (as the case may be); Be it further enacted, That the Governors and Lieutenant Governors of the said Island of Malta and Port of Gibraltar respectively, shall be and they are hereby authorized to grant Licences to Ships or Vessels so proceeding as aforesaid from the said Island of Malta or Port of Gibraltar, in the same manner and under the fame Regulations and Provisions, in regard to the Grant and Form thereof, as are under the said recited Act applicable to Licences granted by the said Court of Directors and Board of Commissioners respectively: Provided always, that the said Governor* and Lieutenant Governors shall not be empowered to grant any Licence specially authorizing any Ship or Vessel to proceed to any Place or Places upon the Continent of AJta from the River Indus to the said Town of Malacca inclusive, except the said Company's principal Settlements; and that in regard for such Licences as are under the Provisions of the said recited Act to be granted by the said Board of Commissioners, the said Governors and Lieutenant Governors shall conform themselves, as far as the case may admit, to such Rules and Regulations in that Behalf, as may from time to time be framed and published by the said Commissioners.

V. And be it further enacted, That each such Governor or Lieutenant Governor shall transmit to One Lists of Licences Of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State annual Lists of all such Licences as shall have been granted

by him as aforesaid, and of all Licences (if any) which such Governor or Lieutenant Governor may, in consequente of any Instructions which he may have received in regard to such Licences, have refused to grant, together with his Reasons for such Refusal.

VI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Ship or Vessel, other than the Ships of the said Company engaged in Trade under the Authority of this Act, shall be permitted to clear out from the

the Perfoj" and said Island or Port for any Place or Places under the Government of His Majesty or of the said Company being*delivered ^ltuate more to t^le Northward than Eleven Degrees of South Latitude, and between the Sixty fourth and One hundred and fiftieth Degrees of East Longitude from London, until the Matter or other Person having the Command of such Ship or Vessel shall have made out and exhibited to the principal Officer of the Customs, or other Person thereto authorized by such Governor or Lieutenant Governor as aforesaid, at the Port of Clearance, upon Oath (which Oath such Officer or other Person is hereby authorized to administer), a true and perfect Lift, in such Form as shall from time to time be settled by the said Court of Directors, with the Approbation of the said Board of Commissioners, specifying and tetting forth the Names, Capaci-

1 z ties

§13*

53 G.3.

§ II.

Governors and Lieutenant Governors of Malta end Gibraltar to grant Licences;

but to conform to Rules of tl>e Commissioners for India,

and transmit

granted or refuted.

Ships not to fail without Lists of

upon Oath.

59

A.D. 1817. 57° GEORGII III. C. 36.

ties and Descriptions of all Persons embarked or intended to be embarked on board such Ship or Vessel, and all Arms on board or intended to be put on board the fame; nor shall any such Vessel be admitted to Entry at the said Island or Port until the Master or other Person having the Command of such Ship or Vessel shall in the like manner have made out and exhibited to the principal Officer of the Customs, or other Person thereunto duly authorized} upon Oath (which Oath such Officer or other Person is hereby authorized to administer), a true and perfect Lift, in Form to be settled as aforesaid} specifying the Names, Capacities and Descriptions of all Persons on board or who shall have been on board such Ship or Vessel, from the time of the Sailing thereof to the time of Arrival, and of all Arms on board or which shall during that time have been on board such Ship or Vessel, and the several Times and Places at which such of the said Persons as may have died or left the said Ship or Vessel, shall have so died or left such Ship or Vessel, or such of the said Arms as may have been difoofed of, have been so disposed of.

VII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That such Governors or Lieutenant Governors (h&ll and they are hereby required to cause every such Lift, which shall be so received at the said I Hand or Port, to be transmitted with all reasonable Dispatch to the Court of Directors of the said United Company j and all such Ships or Vessels trading under the Authority of this Act shall, on their Arrival at any Port or Place under the Government of the said Company in India, be subject to all the Regulations, Restrictions and Provisions prescribed by the said Acts of the Fifty third Year of His present Majesty's Reign; and that all Trade .with act Ports and Places upon the Continent of Ada, from the River Indus to the Town of Malacca inclusive, or any Island under the Government of the said Company lying to the North of the Equator, or the said Company's Fadory at Bencoolen and its Dependencies, shall remain and continue subject to all such Regulations, PrdVifions and Restrictions as shall from time to time be in force in relation to Trade, at any such Ports and Places under the Authority of any of the Governments of the said Company at their several Presidencies in India,

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Company, and for any other of His Majesty's Subjects, to trade (in Ships navigated according to Law, and proceeding upon any Voyage between any Ports or Places within the Limits o? the said Company's Charter and the United Kingdom) to and at the said Island of Malta and Port of Gibraltar, and for that Purpose to discharge the Whole or any Part of the Cargo of any such Ship or Vessel at such Island or Port, and in the* Prosecution of such circuitous Voyage to take on board any other Goods, Wares and Merchandize, which can be legally carried from such Ports or Places within the Limits aforesaid, to such Island or Port; and in like manner to trade in any such Ship or Vessel, in any Voyage from the United Kingdom to any Ports or Places within the Limits aforesaid, to and at the said Island of Malta and Port of Gibraltar: Provided always, that all such Ships and Vessels shall be subject to all the Regulations, Restrictions and Provisions to which Ships and Vessels carrying on Trade circuitously, between the United Kingdom and the Limits of the said Company's Charter, are by the said Acts of the Fifty third and Fifty fourth Years of His Majesty's Reign made liable.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all Goods and Commodities so imported into the Island of Malta or its Dependencies, or into the Port of Gibraltar, from any Ports or Places within the Limits of the said Company's Charter, may be re-exported from the said Island of Malta or its Dependencies, or the Port of (Gibraltar, to the United Kingdom, and imported at any of the Ports where such Goods and Commodities may lawfully be imported, in like manner, and subject to all such Regulations, Restrictions and Provisions, as if such Goods and Commodities were imported directly from the Place of their Growth, Production or Manufacture; and in Vessels of such Tonnage as is prescribed by the said Act made in the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or as may be prescribed by any Ad hereafter to be passed, for Vessels jcarrying on Trade between the United Kingdom and the Places within the Limits of the East India Company's Charter; any thing in an Act passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled An Act for the encouraging and increasing of Shipping and Navigation, or in any other Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

X. And be it further enacted, That for the Purposes of this Act, and for11 other Purposes whatever, the Island of Malta and its Dependencies shall be deemed and taken to be in Europe.

XI. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this or in any other Act shall extend pr be construedto extend to prevent the Introduction (under the Provisions of this Act) into the Island of Malta and its Dependencies, or into the Port of Gibraltar, of any Articles being of the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of any of the Countries between which and the said Island and Port Trade is allowed to be carried on by this Act, which may now or may hereafter be imported into the United Kingdom.

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Ship or Vessel engaged in any Voyage under the Authority of this Act, from any Port or Place in the East Indies to the said island of Malta or Port of Gibraltar, and not destined to any Port in the United Kingdom, to take or haYp on board any Lascars or other Asiatic Seamen: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for any of the Governments of the East India Company in India, or for any Governor or Lieutenant Governor of any Colony, Territory or Island belonging to His Majesty within the Limits of the said Charter, and they and he are hereby required, on Ap-

?lication made by the Owner or Commander of any Ship or Vessel, and after having ascertained by due nquiry that a sufficient Number of British Seamen cannot be procured for the Crew of any Ship or Vessel failing from India within Ten Days from such Application, to certify the fame, and license such Ship or Vessel to fail with such Proportion of Lascars or Asiatic Seamen as may be specified in such Certificate and Licence; and the Governor General in Council at Fort William is hereby authorized and required to make Rules and Regulations, that all such Asiatic Sailors, Lascars or Natives as aforesaid, shall be duly supplied with Provisions and Clothing, and other necessary Accommodation, while employed and while absent from the Countries or Places to which they respectively belong, and until they shall be carried back to India or any


Such Vessel not admitted to Entry till Lift delivered upon Oath of Persons, Arms, &c. as herein mentioned.

Governors, See. to transmit such Lifts to the Court of Di-red ors.

Ships trading under this Act subject to Regulations of 53 G. 3. c. 155.

Cargoes may be discharged at Malta and Gibraltar, subject to Regulations of

53 G. 3-C.I55-and

54 G. 3. c. 34.

Goods may be re-exported from Malta or Gibraltar to the United Kingdom, subject to Regulations, and in Vessel of such Tonnage as prescribed by 53 G. 3- c. 155.

12 Car. a. c. 18.

Malta, Sec. deemed to be in Europe.

Proviso for the Introduction of Goods into Malta and Gibraltar, which may now be imported into the United Kingdom.

No Lascars, Sec. to be taken on board without Licence, and then under certain Regulations as herein mentioned.

Makers of Ships taking Lascars on board to enter into Securities. 54 C. 3 c. 134.

Act may be altered, See. this Sessioit.

53 O.3. c 81. I*.

Recited or any other Act* not to exempt the aforesaid Carriages, kc. from Tolls.

[Public Act.]

Proviso for the recited Act, Sec. as to Turnpike Roads or T oils collected within a certain Distance from the Royal Exchange.

St G. 3. c. 17.

continued.

369 37* 38. 57° GEORGII III. A.D. 1817.

other Country or Place to which they respectively belong, and until they shall be carried back to India or any other Country or Place from whence they were respectively brought, and for the Conveyance back of such Asiatic Sailors, Lascars and Natives aforesaid, within a reasonable time, to be specified in such Bond, or aL certained by such Rules and Regulations.

XIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That no Ship or Vessel so licensed to take on board Lascars or AJiatie Seamen shall be permitted to clear out from any Port or Place within the Limits of the said Company's Charter unless and until the Owner or Captain or Matter of such Ship shall have first given Security by»Bond, in manner directed by an Act passed in the Fifty fourth Year of His present Majesty, and subject to all the Provisions of that Ad, for the Maintenance and Conveyance back to India, or for the Conveyance to England and Maintenance while in England, and Return to India, of such Lascars or Asiatic Seamen which may be received on board of such Ship.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, amended or repealed by any Act or Acts to be passed in this Session of Parliament.

[This Act not affeSed by Cap. 95. post. Sec Section 3. of that Ad.]

CAP. XXXVII.

An Act to explain and amend an Act of the Fifty third Year of His present Majesty, relating to Tolls on Carriages used in Husbandry, and to remove Doubts as to Exemption of Carriages, not wholly laden with Manure from Payment of Toll.

[20th June 1817.]

WHEREAS by a Clause in an Act of Parliament made in the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend an Act made in the Fifty second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to explain the Exemption from Toll in fsveral Acts of Parliament for Carriages employed in Husbanfiry, and for regulating the Tolls to be paid on other Carriages, and on Horses in certain other Cases therein specified, and for other Purposes relating thereto, it is enacted, that from and after the patting of the said Act the Owner or Driver of any Waggon, Cart or other Carriage laden with Manure for Land, patting through any Turnpike, or otherwise patting on or across any Turnpike Road, should not be liable to pay any Toll, nor should any Toll be demanded for such Carriage so laden, or the Cattle drawing the fame, by reason only of any empty Battcet or Baskets, empty Sack or Sacks, for more convene*ent Carriage or Spade, Shovel or Fork, necessary for loading or unloading such Manure, being in or upon any such Waggon, Cart or other Carriage, in addition to fumi Manure, if the Loading thereof is substan- daily Manure for Land as aforesaid; any thing in any Ad contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding: And Whereas Doubts have arisen whether the said Clause does not extend to give a general Exempdon from Toll to all Carriages laden with Manure for Land, although the fame were made expressly liable to Toll by the respective Local Acts by which Tolls are imposed and levied for the Maintenance of any Turnpike Roads: And Whereas such Construction would operate very injuriously both to the Funds required for the keeping up such respective Roads, and to the Security of the Creditors who have advanced Money upon the Credit of the fame For Remedy thereof be it declared and enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That nothing in the said Clause, or iu any other Clause of the fame, or of any other Act or Acts of Parliament, shall extend or be construed to extend to exempt any such Carriages as aforesaid, or the Horses or other Cattle drawing the fame, from any Tolls or Duties imposed by virtue of any Local Act or Acts under which any such Tolls or Duties have been or shall be imposed for the Maintenance and Repair of such respective Roads upon which such Carriages shall go or travel.

II. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to repeal, vary or alter any Clause or Provision in the said Act passed in the said Fifty third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, nor any other Act or Acts of Parliament, so far as respects any Turnpike Road or Roads, or the Tolls to be collededat any Gate or Gates erected or to be erected thereon, within the Cities of London or Westminster, or within the Dittance of Fifteen Miles from the Royal Exchange.

III. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justice and others, without being specially pleaded.

CAP. XXXVIII.

An Act to continue, until the Fifteenth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, an Act of the Fifty second Year of His present Majesty, for the more effectual Preservation of the Peace, by enforcing the Duties of Watching and Warding.

[20th June 1817.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fifty second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for the more effectual Preservation of the Peace, by enforcing the Duties of Watching and 1 Warding, until the First Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, in Places where Disturbances prevail or qre apprehended; which said Act was revived and continued until the Fifteenth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and seventeen by an Act of the last Session of Parliament: And Whereas it is expedient that the said Act should be further continued; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act shall, from and after the said Fifteenth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, be and the fame is hereby further continued until the Fifteenth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eighteen,

A.D. 1817.

57° GEORGII III.

.39, 40, 41

61

CAP. XXXIX.

An Act to extend certain Provisions of the Acts of the Thirty Gxth and Fifty second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty to Matters of Charity and Friendly Societies.

[20th June 1.817.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to extend the Relief, Remedies, Provisions, Protestions and Indemnities

made, given and provided by the A3 for the Relief of Perf one equitably and beneficially entitled to 36 0.3. c. 90.

or interested in the several Stocks and Annuities transferable at the Bank of England; and by the Act, in- jsO.3. c. 158.

tituled An Act to extend the Provisions of an Act, passed in the Thirty sixth Year of the Reign of His Ore*

sent Majesty, for tb$ Relief of Persons equitably entitled to Stocks and Annuities transferable at the Bane of England; and of an Act, faffed in this present Session, for the Relief of Infant Suitors entitled to the like Stocks and Annuities, to alt other transferable Stocks and Funds, to certain Cases, herein speciGed, and not

provided for by the said Two Acts, or by either of them Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Extended to Pe-passing of this Act the said Acts of Parliament, and all the Relief and Remedies, Provisions, Protestions and tition* to the Indemnities thereby provided, shall extend and be deemed and taken to extend, and the same are hereby de- of Chin-dared and enacted to extend, to all cases of Petitions on which the Court of Chancery, or the Lord High rSTJf* Chancellor or Commissioners of the Great Seal for the time being, or the Master of the Rolls, or the Vice Friwsy So* Chancellor of England for the time being, or the Court of Exchequer, are by Law authorized and em- ciotiet.*powered to grant Relief and make summary Orders without Suit, either in Matters of Charity, or relative

to or for the better Security, or for the Application, Receipt, Payment, or Transfer of any of the Funds thereof; or in Matters .relative to any Benefit or Friendly Societies, or for the better Security, or for the Application, Receipt, Payment, pr Transfer of any of the Funds thereof,

CAP. XL.

An Act to authorize the rewarding Officers of the Customs for their Services in preventing illidt Distillation in Scotland, under an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament.

[20th June 1817.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Fifty Gxth Year of the Reign of His Majesty, intituled An 56G. 3. C. 106.

4 W A3 to repeal the Duties payable in Scotland, upon Wqfh and Spirits and DistiHers Licences, to

grant other Duties in lieu thereof, and to establish further Regulations for the Distillation of Spirits from Corn for Home Consumption in Scotland, until the Tenth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and eighteeny Provision 13 made for rewarding Officers of Excise for Service performed by them in preventing

illicit or fraudulent Distillation: And Whereas it is expedient that Provision should also be made for re-

warding Officers of the Customs for the like Services; Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for the Com- Treasury mty missioners of His Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for the time being, empower Com-by any Warrant, Order, or Instruction signed by any Three or more of them, to authorize and empower the "'ffionew ofth# Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland for the time being to give and grant, by any Order or Warrant Undw^reww?" signed by any Three or more of the said Commissioners of Customs, such Rewards to Officers of the Customs, Officers of the to be paid out of any Duties under their Management for Services performed by such Officers since the Com- Customs. mencement of the said Act, or which shall be performed during the Continuance thereof, in preventing illicit or fraudulent Distillation, as the said Commissioners of the Treasury shall deem proper and authorize and allow in that Behalf; subject nevertheless to such Rules, Directions, Conditions and Limitations as the said Commissioners of the Treasury shall in any such Order or Warrant from time so time made in relation to any such Rewards prescribe in that Behalf.

CAP. XLI.

An Act to repeal Two Acts passed in the Fifty fourth and Fifty fifth Years of His present Majesty, relating to the Office of the Agent General, and for transferring the Duties of the said Office to the Offices of the Paymaster General and Secretary at War.

[20th June 1817.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled 54 o. 3. c. 151, W An Act to repeal an Act passed in the Fifty second Year of His present Majesty, for better regulating the

Office of Agent General for Volunteers and Local Militia> and for the more cffeSually regulating the said Office y 4 and to make further Provisions for the Regulation of the Office of Agent General: And Whereas another Act 55 G. 3. c. 170. 4 passed in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend an Act passed in the loft Session of Parliament, for better regulating the Office of Agent General for Volunteers and Local Militia

and for the more effectually regulating the fame: And Whereas it has been deemed expedient that the Duties of the said Office Should be transferred to the Offices of the Paymaster General and Secretary at War; and

it is therefore expedient that the said Acts Should be repealed May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted 5 and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and £onient of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, ana Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the

6i

repealed.

Office of Agent General for Volunteers and Local Militia abolished, and Duties transferred to Pay-m after General, &c.

Agent General to transfer his Balance at the Bank to the Pay-master General, &c.

and discharged for so much. Duty of Pay-master General in making Payments of unsatis* fied Charges and Demands.

Agent General, &c. indemnified on account of Acceptances on Bills unpaid.

Delivery and Examination of Accounts under recited Act of 54 G. 3. c. 151. continued. Secretary at War to authorize Paymaster General to accept Bills. Sufficient Authority to the Bank to pay such Bills.

5aG.3. c. 105.

Secretary at War to make Orders for Payment of Sums specified in recited Act, to Paymaster General instead cf Agent General.

Bills, Ice. for Pay and Allowance to Militia, lec. to be drawn on unstamped Paper.

C. 41. 57° GEORGII III. A.D. 1817.

the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, the said recited Acts of the Fifty fourth and Fifty fifth Years of the Reign of Hi« present Majesty shall be and the same are hereby repealed.

l$et§s-poJ']

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, the said Office of Agent General for Volunteers and Local Militia shall be and the fame is hereby declared to be abolished; and from and after the time the said Office shall epafe, the Duties of the said Office shall be transferred to and performed in the Offices of the Paymaster General and Secretary at War respectively, under the Regulations and Provisions in this Act, and according to such other Rules and Regulations as shall from time to time be made by the Secretary at War and Paymaster General in that Behalf.

III. And be it further enacted, That on the Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, it shall and may be lawful for the Agent General to cause the .Balance of Cash which shall at that time remain at the Credit of his Accounts with the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be transferred and paid over to the Account of the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Land Forces at the Bank of England, and by so doing the said Agent General shall be and is hereby iully discharged for the Amount of the Sum which shall be so transferred or paid over by him as aforesaid'; and all such Sum or Sums of Money so transferred and paid over to such Account of the Paymaster General, shall be applied in the same manner as if the fame had been issued from the Exchequer to such Account; and the said Paymaster General shall make Payment of all unsatisfied Charges and Demands on account of the Public Services under the Authority of the Secretary at War, although the same shall have accrued in the time of the Agent General; and all outstanding Bills which may have been accepted by the Agent General or his Deputy, shall be paid by the said Paymaster General under the Warrant or Warrants of the Secretary at War, in the manner and under the Regulations herein after directed; and all such Bills, Drafts or Orders so paid by the said Paymaster General of His Majesty's 'Forces on the Acceptance of the said Agent General or his Deputy, shall be held and be deemed to be the good and proper Vouchers of the said Paymaster General, and shall be by him transmitted to the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts, by whom the said Vouchers shall be admitted and allowed, in the same manner as if the said Rills, Drafts, or Orders had been addressed to and accepted by the said Paymaster General.

IV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, the Agent General or his Deputy, or the Person or Persons in his Office duly authorized by the said Agent General to accept Bills of Exchange, shall be indemnified against all Persons whatsoever, for or on account of his or their Acceptance on any Bill or Bills of Exchange which shall or may have been accepted by him or them under the Authority of the Secretary at War for the time being, and which shall remain unpaid on the said Twenty fourth Day of June.

V. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to repeal the said recited Act of the Fifty fourth Year of His Majesty so far as relates to the proper Delivery of the Accounts of the said Agent General to the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts, and to the immediate Examination and Presentment of the fame by the said Commissioners.

VI. And be it further enacted, That from and immediately after the passing of this Act it shall be lawful for the Secretary at War, by any Warrant or Warrants, signed by himself or by his peputy, from time to time, addressed to the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces, to authorize and empower the said Paymaster General to accept Bills of Exchange, payable at the Bank of England, for any pay or Allowances, or other Contingencies 6f or Services relating to any Militia, Local Militia, or Volunteers, without specifying such Services in such Bills; and which Bills so drawn and accepted shall be sufficient Authority to the Banlt of England to pay such Money to the Person or Persons mentioned in such Bills, or to their Order or Orders* according to the usual Course in respect of Bills of Exchange, and which Bills shall be accepted and paid accordingly 5 and the Warrants for such Acceptances, and the Rills so accepted and paid, shall be good and sufficient Vouchers for the said Paymaster General in his Accounts, and shall be placed on the Credit Side of his Account accordingly.

VII. And Whereas an Act passed in the Fifty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, 1 intituled An Act. to continue, amend and extend the Provisions of an Act passed in the Forty eighth Tear of 1 His firefent Majesty, for enabling the Secretary at War to enforce Returns from Clerks of Subdivisions and

others in relation to Finest Bounties and Sums due under any Acts relating to the Defence of the Realm or Militia, for the Purpose of directing the Distribution and securing the due Application thereof whereby the Secretary at War was empowered to order Sums of Money to be paid over under the said Act to the Agent

General; Re it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Secretary at War to majee like Orders for Payment of all or any of the Sums specified in the said Act to the paymaster General 5 and from and after the passing of this Act every Order which shall have been made by the Secretary at War under the said last recited A&> to pay over any Sum or Sums of Money under the said Act to the Agent General, shall be deemed and construed to be an Order to pay over such Money to the Account of the Paymaster General at the Bank of JLngland as fully and effectually as if a new Order had been issued under this Act for the Payment of such Money to the said Account of the Paymaster General.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all Bills, Drafts and Orders drawn upon the Paymaster General on account of the Pay or Allowances of the Militia or Local Militia, or of any Yeomanry or Volunteer Corps, or of any Staff Officers, or which may be drawn by any Clerks of Subdivisions or any Persons under the Directions of the Secretary at War, for the Payment of Bounties or any other Public Services whatever $ and also all Bills, Drafts or Orders by which any Balances, Fines, Penalties, Bounties or any other Sums of Money whatsoever, shall be remitted to the Bank of England on account of the said Paymaster General in

pursuance

A.D. 1817.

57° GEORGII III. C. 41, 42, 43. 63

48 G. 3. c. 49.

Separate Accounts to be kepi of the Money received and paid on account of Adjutants of the Local Militia, &c.

Act may be altered, &c. this Session.

purfu % nce of this Act, may and shall be drawn upon unstamped Paper; and that no such Bill* Draft or Order shall be void by reason of being so drawn or written upon unstamped Paper 5 any thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX. And Whereas an Act passed in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

' intituled An Act for accelerating the making up, Examination and Audit of the Accounts of the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces: And Whereas by the said Act certain Rules are prescribed for the general and separate Accounts of the Pay matter General: And Whereas it is expedient that a separate Account should be made up of the Money received and paid on account of Adjutants of the Local Militia Be it therefore enacted, That the Pay matter General shall, in the present and every future Year, make up -a separate Account of the Money received and paid within the Period comprized in his general Account on account of Adjutants of the Local Militia, in like manner as he is required by the said Act to make up the separate Accounts therein, specified; and that such separate Account shall be transmitted, examined and declared, and the said Paymaster shall be discharged and acquitted therein, in the same manner in all respects as is by the said recited Act provided with regard to the separate Accounts thereby directed to be made.

X. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered or varied by any Ad to be passed in this present Session of Parliament.

CAP. XLII.

An Act to revive and continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, an Act made in the Forty fourth Year of His present Majesty, for permitting the Exportation of Salt from the Port of Nassau in the Island of New Providence, the Port of Exuma and the Port of Crooked Island in the Bahama Islands, in American Ships coming in Ballad.

[27th June 1817.]

WHEREAS.an Act was made in the Forty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, inti- 44 G. 3. c.ici.

4 W tuled An Act for permitting, until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and seven»

the Exportation of Salt from the Port of Nassau in the Island of New Providence, the Port of Exuma and the Port of Crooked Island in the Bahama I (lands, in Ships belonging to the Inhabitants of the United States of America, hnd coming in Ballast; which said Act was, by Two Acts of the Forty seventh and Fiftieth 47 G. 3. Se(Ti.

Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, continued until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand c. 30.

eight hundred and thirteen: And Whereas it is expedient to revive and continue the said Act of the Forty JoG-3- c-3*

fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign* Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Ma-2* jesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this pre- 44 G. 3. c. 101. sent Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act of the Forty fourth Year revived and con-of the Reign of His present Majesty shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be revived, and the fame is wUell, U hereby revived, and shall continue in force from and after the passing of this Act to the Twenty fifth Day of arc March One thousand eight hundred and nineteen.

CAP. XLIII.

An Act for granting, for Two Years, from the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, Bounties on Sugar refined otherwise than by Claying.

[27th June 1817.]

WHEREAS by the Laws now in force certain Bounties, Drawbacks or Allowances are granted on refined Sugars exported from Great Britain and Ireland respectively, manufactured by the Operation of Claying: And Whereas it has been discovered that Sugar may be refined without the Operation of Claying, and it is expedient that Sugar so refined should be allowed a Bounty 5' Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act there shall be paid and allowed, on the Exportation from Great Britain and Ireland to Foreign Parts, or on the Exportation from the one Country to the other respectively, a Bounty, Drawback or Allowance on all (ingle-refined Sugar after the Rate of Forty four Shillings per Hundred Weight, and on all double refined Sugar after the Rate of Fifty two Shillings per Hundred Weight, although such Sugar respectively shall not have been refined by the Operation of Claying.

II. And be it further enacted, That before any such "iBounty, Drawback or Allowance shall be paid, or any Debenture made out for the fame, the Refiner or Refiners, not being the Exporter or Exporters of such Sugar, shall make Oath before the Collector or other proper Officer of the Customs, that he or they fold such Sugar, expressing the Quantity and the time when, to the Person or Persons intending to export the fame, and, as he and they verily believe, such Sugar was produced from Muscovado Sugar imported from His Majesty's Plantations in America, or from Sugars the Produce of the East Indies, and that the several Duties payable thereon were duly paid at the time of importing the fame; and the Exporter or Exporters of such Sugars shall then make Oath that such Sugars, being the Sugars for which such Bounty is then claimed, are the identical Sugars or Part thereof which were sold to him as aforesaid by such Refiner or Refiners; and before the Money due upon such Debenture or Debentures shall be paid, such Exporter or Exporters shall also make Oath that the said Sugars have been duly exported, His Majesty's Searchers also certifying the shipping thereof, and all the Requisites of Law being duly complied with; and whenever the Refiner or Refiners of such Sugars shall be the Exporter or Exporters thereof, he or they shall then make Oath, as well of the due Exportation of the same as of the several Particulars hereinbefore directed to be sworn by him or them (excepting what relates to the Sale of the said Sugars).

III. An

Bounty on Exportation of Sugar although not refined by

Claying.

Oath before Bounty paid.

Oath by Refiners being Exporters.

Bounty paid under Conditions, &c. of former Lows.

[Continuance of Act.]

440.J.C.J4.

Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry when affetnbled for the Suppression of Riots quartered as His Majesty's Forces.

Officers while serving in Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry not to forfeit Half P.jr.

Oath to be taken by such Officers.

No Member of such Corps liable to serve the Office of Constable*

Persons bolding Offices under the Crown during Pleasure may, at the Demise of His Majesty, continue to hold the fame during the Pleasure of the King or Queen who shall Succeed.

0.43, 44, 45. 57 GEORGII III. A.D. 1817.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Bounty, Drawback or Allowance hereby granted shall be paid and allowed in like manner, and be subject in every other respect to the Conditions, Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Penalties and Forfeitures, now by Law practised and applied with respect to Bounty, Drawback or Allowance on refined Sugar not altered by this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue for Two Years from and after the Fifth Day

of July One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, and no longer.

CAP. XUV.

An Act to allow Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, when assembled for the Suppression of Riots or Tumults, to be quartered and billetted, and Officers on Half Pay to hold certain Commis. fions in such Corps, and to exempt Members in such Corps from serving the Office of Constable

[27th June 1817.]

WHEREAS an Act passed in the Forty fpurth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled

An Act to eonjolidate and amend the Provisions of the federal Acts relating to Corps of Yeomanry and Volunteers in Great Britain, and to male further Regulations relating thereto: And Whereas it is expedient

that Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry when afibmbled for Suppression or Prevention of Riots or ' Tumults should be quartered and billetted, and that Officers receiving Half Pay should be allowed to hold Commissions as Captains, Lieutenants or Cornets in such Corps, and that effective Members thereof Should be exempt from serving Peace and Parish Offices May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all Persons enrolled in any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry shall, whenever they shall be assembled and doing Military Duty for the Suppression or Prevention of Riots or Tumults in Aid of any Justices of the Peace or Magistrates, be entitled to be quartered and billetted in like manner in every respect, and under and fubie& to the fame Regulations as the Officers, Non Commissioned Officers, Drummers and Private Men of His Majesty's Forces.

II..And be it further enacted, That no Officer who is entitled to Half Pay shall be deemed to forfeit such Half Pay during the time he shall belong to or be inrolled in or serve or receive Pay as Captain, Lieutenant or Cornet in any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, but every such Officer shall not with (landing his holding any such Commission in and receiving Pay for the fame in any Yeomanry Corps or Volunteer Cavalry be entitled to and shall continue to receive his Half Pay; and instead of the Oath usually required of Half Pay Officers to entitle them to the Receipt of their Half Pay, every such Officer so entitled to Half Pay and serving as aforesaid shall take the following Oath;

4 T A* B. do swear. That I had not between the and the

any Place or Employment of Profit, Civil or Military, under His Majesty, besides an Allowance of Half

Pay, save and except my Pay or Allowance (as the case may he) for serving in the Corps of

Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry of the as Captain, Lieutenant or Cornet (as the

case may he).*

And the taking of the said Oath shall, without taking any other Oath, be sufficient to entitle such Person to receive his Half Pay.

III. And be it further enacted, That no Officer, Non Commissioned Officer or effective Member of any Yeomanry Corps or Volunteer Cavalry, shall, during the Period of his continuing enrolled in and an effective Member of such Yeomanry Corps or Volunteer Cavalry, be compellable or compelled to serve the Office of Qonstable in the Parish to which he belongs.

CAP. XLV.

An A£fc for the Continuation of all and every Person or Persons in any and every Office, Place, or Employment, Civil or Military, within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, Dominion of Wales, Town of Berwick upon Tweed, Isles of Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sarke and Man, and also in all and every of His Majesty's Foreign Possessions, Colonies, or Plantations, which he or she shall hold, possess or exercise during the Pleasure of the Crown, at the time of the Death or Demise of His present Majesty, until removed or discharged therefrom by the succeeding King or Queen of this Realm.

[27th Jawr 1817.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to provide by Law as herein after is enacted be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all and every Person and Persons who upon the Day of the Demise of His present Majesty (whom God long preserve) shall hold any Office, Civil or Military, under the Crown during Pleasure, shall under and by virtue of this Act, and without any new or other Patent, Commission, Warrant or Authority, continue and be intitled in all respects, notwithstanding the Demise of His Majesty, to hold and enjoy the fame; but nevertheless the same shall be held or enjoyed only during the Pfeafure of the King or ^ueen who shall succeed to the Crown upon the Demise of His present Majesty, and the Right and Title to hold and enjoy the fame under the Authority of this Act shall be determinable in such and the like manner by the King or Queen who upon the Demise of His present Majesty shall succeed to the Crown, as the Right or Title to any Office, Place or Em-

11 ployment.

A.D. 1817. 57° GEORGII III. C. 45, 46. 65

ployment, granted by such succeeding King or Queen during Pleasur^ would by Law be determinable: Pte-vided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to deprive the Heirs and Sudcessors of His Majesty, Kings or Queens of this Realm, of the Power of removing and discharging any Person or Persons from his, her or their respective Offices, Places and Employments, in such manner as by Law they might have done if this Act or any thing therein contained had never been passed.

CAP. XLVI.

An Act* to prevent the issuing and circulating of Pieces of Copper or other Metal, usually called Tokens.

[27th June 1817.]

WHEREAS various Pieces of Copper, and mixed Metals composed in part of Copper, usually denomi-

nated Tokens, have lately been and are issued and circulated, by Persons redding in various Parts of the United Kingdom, in.gre^t Quantities, as Money, and for a nominal Value of the Metals of which they

are composed: And Whereas it is expedient that the further making and issuing of such Tokens should be < prohibited, and that the Circulation of those already made or issued should also be prohibited after a limited

Period : May it therefore please*Your Majesty, that it may be enacted 5 and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That No Copper or from and after the passing of this Act no Piece of Copper, or mixed Metal composed in part of Copper, of Mixed Metal whatever Value the fame may be, shall be made or manufactured or originally issued as a Token for Money, Tokens to be or as purporting that the Bearer or Holder thereof is entitled to demand any Value denoted thereon; either mide issued' by Letters, Words, Figures, Marks or other wise, whether such Value is to be paid or given in Money or

Goods, or in any manner what foe ver; and every Person who shall, after the passing of this Act, make or roanufadure, or originally issue, or cause or procure to be made, manufactured or originally issued, or permit or suffer to be so issued, on his or her Behalf, as for nominal Value in Money or Goods, any such Token, shall for every Token so made, manufactured or issued, or procured or permitted to be so madp, manufactured or issued as aforesaid, forfeit any Sum not less than One Pound nor more than Five, at the Discretion of the penalty#

Justice or Justices of the Peace who shall hear and determine such Offence.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, no Piece of Copper, or of any mixed Metal composed partly of Copper, of whatever Value the fame may be, shall pass or circulate as a Token for Money, or as purporting that the Bearer or Holder thereof is entitled to demand any Value denoted thereon, either by Letters, Words, Figures, Marks or otherwise, whether such Value is to be paid or given in Money or Goods or other Value, or in any manner what- circulatin such soever; and every Person who shall, after the said First of January One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, Tokens*circulate or pass, as for any ndminal Value in Money or Goods, any such Token, .(nail for every such Token so circulated or passed, whether such Person shall be or have been concerned in the original issuing or Circula- Penalty, lation of any such Token, or only the Bearer or Holder thereof for the time being, forfeit any Sum not less than Two Shillings nor more than Ten Shillings, at the Discretion of the Justice or Justices of the Peace who Issuer to be liable shall hear and determine such Offence; provided that nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed Payment, to extend to prevent any Person from presenting any such Token for Payment to the original Issuer thereof, Proviso for Bank or to discharge or excuse any such original Issuer from his Liability to pay the same Provided always, that of En8lan'I nothing in this A A contained shall be construed as affecting any Tokens which have been or may be issued by To*c, , ihe Bank of England.

III. And Whefeas certain Tokens made of Cdpper or of a mixed Metal composed partly of Copper, and bearing the Superscription " Sheffield Penny Token" were issued from time to time during the Years One thousand eight hundred and twelve, One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, One thousand eight hundred / and fourteen, and One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, by the Overseers of the Poor of the Township f of Sheffield, in the County of York .* And Whereas the immediate Suppression of the Circulation of the aforesaid Tokens would be attended with great Loss to the said Township of Sheffield, and to the Holders thereof, f who are for the most part Labourers and Mechanics, as well as with great Inconvenience to the Inhabitants of the Town of Shffield, and £he Neighbourhood thereof Be it further enacted, That nothing in this Actfc Sheffield Penny contained shall be construed to prevent such Tokens as aforesaid from being passed and circulated at any time Tokens issued for previous to the Twenty fifth Day of March which will be in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and twenty-three: Provided always, that from and after the said Twenty-fifth Day of Marsh One thou- iate uj7 ClrCU" land right hundred and twenty-three, all and every the Provisions of this Act shall be construed to prevent ayth March such Tokens as aforesaid from being passed and circulated. 1813.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Token or Tokens made of Copper, or of a mixed Metal Overseers of the composed partly of Copper, with the Superscription M Sheffield Penny Token" and which has or have been Poor of Sheffield issued by the Overseers of the Poor of the Township of Sheffield, at any time previous to the passing of this [£e^Token£ Ad, shall, after the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty three, and previous to the Twenty fifth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and twenty three, be presented to the Overseers of the Poor of the Township of Sheffield for the time being, or their Agent, at the Workhouse of the said Township, the said Overseers shall receive and take such Token or Tokens as aforesaid, paying to the Holder or Holders thereof One Penny of the current Coin of the Realm for each and every Token so presented as aforesaid; and in case such Overseers or their Agent shall neglect or refuse to receive and take such Token as aforesaid, and to pay One Penny for the same as aforesaid, it shall and may be la % ful for One Justice Justice upon of the Peace, upon Complaint upon Oath in that Behalf made, to summon such Overseers or their Agent, and Complaint may after hearing the Parties upon both fides, to direct and order (if he shall see just Cause) the said Overseers of f»m«n°n Over-57 Geo. III. K the leers'

Overseert 917 'pay such Penny out of Poor* Rates.

Overseers of the Toot of Sheffield may call in Tokens before 15U1 March 1833.

Birmingham Penny Tokens issued for the Relief of the Poor may circulate until 35th March 1830. Overseert of the Poor of Birmingham to pay id. for their Tokens.

Justice upon Complaint may summon Overseers.

Overseers may pay such Penny out of Poor's Rates.

Overseers of the Poor of Birmingham may call in Tokens before 35th March 1830.

Justices to determine Offences and adjudge Penalty.

Witnesses Hot attending to give Evidence,

Penalty 50L

Form of Con-vi&inn.

C. 46.

57° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1817.

the Poor or tftdr Agent to take and receive Inch Token as aforesaid, and to pay One Penny for the fane it aforesaid, together with aH Costs and Charges whatever attending such Complaint so made before such Justice r Provided always, that it shall and may be lawful for the Overseers of the Poor of the find! Township of Sheffield to pay such Penny as aforesaid out of any Money received by them for the Relief and Maintenance of the Poor of the said Township 5 but that it shall not be lawful for the said Overseers of the Poor to pay the Costs and Charges attending any such Complaint as aforesaid out of any Money received by them as aforesaid.

V. And be it further enacted, That in case the Overseers of the Poor for the Township of SBefield for the time being shall at any time previous to the said Twenty fifth of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty three, deem it advisable to call in such Tokens as aforesaid, or any Amount of them, it shall and may be lawful for them to take such Measures as may to them seem necessary for that Purpose; paying, however, for each and every Token so called in One Penny of the current Coin of the Realm, out of any Money received by them for the Relief and Maintenance of the Poor of the said Township of Sheffield\

VI. And Whereas certain other Tokens made of Copper, or of a mixed Metal composed partly of Copper, r and bearing the Superscription M Birmingham, One Pennyf* were issued/fom time to time during the Years One thousand eight hundred and eleven, One thousand eight hundred and twelve. One thousand eight hilndred and thirteen, One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, and One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, by the Overseers of the Poor of the Parish of Birmingham in the County of Warwick: And Whereas the immediate Suppression of the Circulation of the aforesaid Tokens would be attended with great Loss to the r said Parish of Birmingham, and to the Holders thereof, as well as with great Inconvenience to the Inhabitants of the Town of Birmingham and the Neighbourhood thereof; 9 Be it further enacted, That nothing in this A A contained shall be construed to prevent such Tokens as aforesaid from being passed and circulated at any time previous to the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty: Provided always, that from and after the said Twenty fifth of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty, all and every the Provisions of this Act shall be construed to prevent such Tokens as aforesaid from being passed and circulated.

VII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Token or Tokens made of Copper, or of a mixed Metal composed partly of Copper, with the Superscription " Birmingham, One Penny " and which have heen issued by the Overseers of the Poor of Birmingham. at any time previous to the passing of this Act, shall, after the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty, and previous to the Twenty fifth Day of September One thousand eight hupdred and twenty, be presented to the Overseers of the Poor of Birmingham, or their Agent, at the Workhouse of the said Parish, the said Overseers shall receive and take such Token or Tokens as aforesaid, paying to the Holder or Holders thereof One Penny of the current Coin of the Realm for each and every Token so presented as aforesaid; and in case such Overseer or their Agent shall neglect or refuse to receive and take such Token as aforesaid, and to pay One Penny as aforesaid for the fame, it shall and may be lawful for One Justice of the Peace, upon Complaint upon Oath in such Behalf made, to summon such Overseers or their Agent, and after hearing the Parties upon either Side to direct and order (if he shall see just Cause) the said Overseers of the Poor or their Agent to take and receive such Token as aforesaid, and to pay One Penny for the same as aforesaid, together with all Costs and Charges whatever attending such Complaint so made before such Justice: Provided always, that it shall and may be lawful for the Overseers of the Poor of the Parish of Birmingham to pay such Penny as aforesaid out of any Money received by them for the Relief and Maintenance of the Poor of the said Parish 5 but that it shall not be lawful for them to pay the Costs and Charges attending any Complaint out of such Money.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Overseers of the Poor of Birmingham shall, at any time previous to the said Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty, deem it advisable to call in such Tokens as aforesaid, or any Amount of them, it shall and may be lawful for them to take such Measures as may to them seem necessary for that Purpose; paying however, for each and every such Token so called in, One Penny of the current Coin of the Realm, from and out of any Money received by them for the Relief and Maintenance of the Poor of the said Township of Birmingham.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Justice or Justices of the Peace acting for the County, Riding, City or Place within which any Offence against this Act shall be committed, to hear and determine the lame in a summary Way; and such Justice or Justices, upon any Information exhibited, or Complaint made upon Oath id that Behalf, shall summon the Party accused, and also the Witnesses on either Sid$* and shall examine into the Matter of Fa&; and upon due Proof made thereof, either by the voluntary Confession of the Party, or by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses or otherwise (which Oath such Justice or Justices is or are hereby authorized to administer), shall convict the Offender, and adjudge the Penalty for such Offence.

X. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall be summoned as a Witness to give Evidence before such Justice or Justices, either on the Part of the Prosecutor or the Person accused, and shall neglect or refuse to appear at the time or Place to be for that Purpose appointed, without a reasonable Excuse for such his Neglect or Refusal, to be allowed by such Justice or Justices, then such Person shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Fifty Pounds, to be levied and paid in such manner and by such. Means as. are directed for Recovery of other Penalties under this Act.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the Justice or Justices before whom any Offender shall be bonvicted as aforesaid, shall c^use the said Conviction to be made out in the manner and Form following; (that is to say, )

Be

A.D. 1&i; . 57° GEORGII III. C. 46. §7

J^E it remembered/ That oo the Day of in the Year of our Lflri

A.B. haying appeared before me [or, us] One [or, more] of Hi* Mjajgfcy'* Justices of the

c Peace [as the case may he'} for the County, Riding, City or Place, [aethe case may be, } and 4ue Proof«having been made upon Oath by One or more credible Witness or WitqeiRs, or by Confession of the Party,

[as, the case may be}, is convicted of [speccifying the Offence], in the Sum of«Given under my Hand and Seal [or our Hands and Seals], the Day and Year afoxefMd*'

Which Conviction the said. Justice or Justices shall cause to be returned to the then next General Quarter Conviction to be Sessions of the Peace of the County, City, Riding or Place where such Conviction was made, $o be filed bf «tunied to the Clerk of the Peace, to remain and be kept among the Records of such County, Riding, City or Place. SeljSoo*

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Clerk of the Peace for cierkc^the

any County, Riding, City or Place, and he is hereby required, upon Application made to him by any Per* Peace to deliver ion or Persons, for that Purpose, to cause a Copy or Copies of any Conviction or Convictions filed bj him a Copy thereof under the Directions of this Act, to be forthwith delivered to such Person or Persons, upon Payment of One on Paypaantcf Shilling for every such Copy. is.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the pecuniary Penalties and Forfeitures hereby incurred and made Recovery and payable upon any Conviction against this Act, shall be forthwith paid by the Person convicted, as follows; Dffiribotion of One Moiety of the Forfeiture to the Informer, and the other Moiety to the Poor of the Parish or Place Penl l, cs* where the Offence shall be committed j and in case such Person shall refuse or neglect to pay the same, or to

give sufficient Security to the Satisfaction of such Justice or Justices to prosecute any Appeal against fud Appeal. Conviction, such Justice or Justices shall by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, cause the same to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods apd Chattels, together with all Distreis.

Costs and Charges attending such Distress and Sale, returning the Overplus (if any) to the Owner; and which find Warrant of Distress the said Justice or Justices shall cause to be made out in the manner and Form follow* ing (that is to say),

To the Constable, Headborough or Tithingman of'

WHEREAS A.B. of in the County of is this Day convicted before me Warrant of

[or, us] One [or, more] of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace [as the case may be} for the County Distress.

of [or, for the Riding of the County of York, or, for the Town, Liberty or District

'of ] [as the case may be} upon the Oath of [or, a cre-

dible Witness or Witnesses] [or, by Confession of the Party, [as the case may be} for that the said A.B.

bath [here set forth the Offence} contrary to the Statute in that case made and provided, by reaion whereof

' the said A.B. hath forfeited the Sum of to be distributed as herein is mentioned,

which he hath refused to pay: These are therefore in His Majesty's Name to command you to levy the said

Sum of by Distress of the Goods and Chattels of him the said A. B*$ apd if within bh$

Space of Days next after such Distress by you taken, the said Sum, together witheafqnpblc

Charges of taking the fame, shall not be paid, then that you do fell the said Goods and Chattels so by yon

distrained, and out of the Money arising by such Sale, that you do pay One Half of the said Sum of

4 to of who informed me [or, us, at the case shall be} of the said Offence, and the other Half of the said Sum of to the Overseer of the Poor of the

Parish [Township or Place] where the Offence was committed, to be employed for the Benefit of such«Poor, returning the Overplus (if any) upon Demand to the said A.B., the reasonable Charges of taking,

keeping and felling the said Distress being first deducted; and if sufficient Distress cannot be found of the Goods and Chattels of the said A.B. whereon to levy the said Sum of that then you eer-

tify the same to me [or, us, as the case shall be} together with this Warrant. Given under my Hand and

Seal [or, our Hands and Seals] the Day of in the Year of our'Lord

XIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices to order such Offends Offender* dt-to be detained in safe Custody until Return may conveniently be had and made to such Warrant of Pistress, tained till Return unless the Party so convicted shall give sufficient Security to the Satisfaction of such Justice or Justices for his ^Warrant of Appearance before the said Justice or Justices, on such Day as shall be appointed by the said Justice or Justices

for the Day of the Return of the said Warrant of Distress (such Day not exceeding Five Days from the 'y 8

taking of such Security), which Security the said Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered to take, by way of Recognizance or otherwise.

XV. And be it further enacted, That if upon such Return no sufficient Distress can be had, then and in jf on peturn no such case the said Justice or Justices shall and may commit such Offender to the Comm*n Gaol or House of Distress, Offend. Correction of the County, Riding, Division or Place where the Offence shall be committed, for the Space «r may be com-of One Calendar Month, unless the Money forfeited shall be sooner paid, or unless or until such Offender, m, lted» thinking him or herself* aggrieved by such Conviction, shall give Notice to the Informer that he or she intends unless Appeal; to appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the County, Riding or Place wherein the Offence shall be committed, and shall enter into Recognizance before on which Re* foroe Justice or Justices, with Two sufficient Sureties, conditioned to try such Appeal, and to abide the Order cognisance to I. of andjpay such Costs as shall be awarded by the Justices at such Quarter Sessions $ which Notice of Appeal, entered uuo. being not leis than Eight Days before such Quarter Sessions, such Person so aggrieved is hereby empowered"ce °*Ap" to give; and the said Justices at such Sessions, upon due Proof of such Notice being given as aforesaid, and p'of the entering into such Recognizance, shall hear and finally determine the Causes and Matters of such Ap- and thereupon peal in a summary Way, and award such Costs to the Parties appealing or appealed 2gainst, as they the said Sessions to de-

K 2 Justices termine.

Competency of Witnesses.

Proceeding* not to be removed by Certiorari, he.

Limitation of A&ioos.

[General Issue.]

Treble Costx.

Proviso for Copper Monies of the Realm.

Recital of Address of the House of Commons to the Prince Regent.

Answer of the Prince Regent.

An Annuity of 4, ooool. granted to Charles Lord Colcheter, for Life, to be paid Quarterly, clear of Taxes, &c.

C. 46, 47. 57° GEORGII III. A.D. 1817.

Justicea shall jhink proper 5 and the Determination of such Quarter Sessiont shall be final, binding and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be disabled from beinga Witness in any Prosecution for any Offence against this Act, by reason of his being an Inhabitant of the Parish wherein such Offence was committed: Provided always, that no Proceeding to be had touching the Conviction or Con visions of any Offender or Offenders against this Act shall be quashed or vacated for Want of Form, or be removed by Writ of Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or elsewhere.

XVfl. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any thing done or acted in pursuance of this Act, then and in every such case such Action or Suit shall be commenced or prosecuted within Three Calendar Months after the Fad was committed, and not afterwards 5 and the fame and every such Action or Suit shall be brought within the County where the Fad was committed, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action or Suit shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if the same shall appear to have been so done, or if any such Action or Suit shall be brought after the time limited for bringing the lame, or be brought or laid in any other Place than as aforementioned, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or discontinue his, her or their Action after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the Recovery thereof as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in any other cases by Law.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act'contained shall extend or be construed to extend to any Copper Monies of the Realm now current or to be current, by virtue of any Proclamation or Proclamations that shall have been or may be issued by His Majesty.

CAP. XLVII.

An Act for settling and securing Annuities on Lord Colehester^ and on the next Person to whom the Title of Lord Colehester shall defeend, in Consideration of his eminent Services.

[27th June 1817.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland Aid, by an humble Address to His Royal Highness The Prince Regent, beseech His Royal Highness that He would*be graciously pleased, acting in the Name and on the Behalf of Your Majesty, to confer some signal Mark*of the Royal Favour upon Charles Lord Colehester, late Speaker of the House of Commons, for his great*and eminent Services performed to his Country'during the long and important Period in which he had, with such distinguished Ability and Integrity, presided in the Chair of the House of Commons, and assured His Royal Highness, that whatever Expense His Royal Highness should think proper to be incurred upon that*Account, the said House would make good the lame to His Majesty: And Whereas His Royal Highness*The Prince Regent, in Answer to the said Address, was graciously pleased to declare, that His Royal*Highness had the justest Sense of the long Services and great Merit of Charles Lord Colchester, larte Speaker*of the House of Commons, and in the Name and on the Behalf of Your Majesty had already taken the fame into his Consideration, and was desirous, in Compliance with the Wishes of Your Majesty's faithful*Commons, to confer upon the said Lord Colehester some further signal Mark of His Favour; but as the fame could not be effectually granted and secured without the Concurrence of Parliament, His Royal High- ness recommended to the House of Commons the Adoption of such Measures as might be necessary for the*Accomplishment of that Purpose Now we, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom in Parliament assembled, have resolved that the Annual Sum of Four thousand Pounds Net be granted out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; the said Annuity to commence from the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, and to be settled in the most beneficial manner upon, and to continue during the Life of Charles Baron Colehester of Colehester in the County of Essex, and that the Annual Sum of Three thousand Pounds Net be granted to His Majesty out of the said Consolidated Fund, to commence on the Expiration of the above mentioned Annuity of Four thousand Pounds, and to be settled in like manner upon and to continue during the Life of such Heir Male of the Body of the said Charles Lord Colehcfter\ as shall first succeed to the Title of Baron*Colehester of Colehester in the County of Essex; and do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That One Annuity or Yearly Rent or Sum of Four thousand Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain shall be issuing and payable out of and charged and chargeable upon the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and IrelandRafter paying or reserving sufficient to pay all such Sum and Sums of Money as have been directed by any former Act or Acts of Parliament to be paid out of the fame, but with Preference to all other Payments which shall or may hereafter be charged upon or payable out of the said Fund); and the same shall from time to time be paid Quarterly, free and clear of all Taxes and Deductions. whatsoever, to the said Lord Colehester, for and during the natural Life of the said Lord CoU

12 chester 1

A.D. 18j7. 57° GEORGII III. C. 47. 69

ckefler; which laid Annuity or Yearly Rent or Sum shall commence and take Effect from the Fifth Day of Commencement April One thousand eight hundred and seventeen 5 the First Payment to be computed from the said Fifth and Periods of Day of April One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight ^y"*1*1-hundred and seventeen, and from thenceforth shall be paid and payable at the Four usual Days of Payment in the Year, that is to say, the Fifth Day of July, the Tenth Day of 0Sober, the Fifth Day of January, and the Fifth Day of April, in each and every Year, by even and equal Portions.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Decease of the said Charles Lord Colchester One An Annuity of Annuity or Yearly Rent or Sum of Three thousand Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain shall be issuing 3*>f°h

and payable oat of and charged and chargeable upon the said Fund in manner aforesaid, and the fame shall Lord Colcheter from time to time be paid Quarterly in manner aforesaid, free and clear of all Taxes and Deductions what- succeeding* soever, to such Heir Male of the Body of the said Charles Lord Colchester as shall first succeed to the Title to the Title, for of Baron Colchester of Colchester in the County of Essex, for and during the natural Life of such Heir Male. Life.

III. And it is hereby further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord High Trea- Treasury, by surer of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury Warrant, to Hi-of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or any Three or more of them for the Time being, r*lh Auditor and they are hereby authorized and required by Warrant under their Hands^ to direct the Auditor of the t*s Debefu* Receipt of the Exchequer pow and for the time being to make forth and pals Debentures from time to time turj!g for the for paying the said respective Annuities or Yearly Rents or Sums of Four thousand founds or Three thou- Payment of such sand Pounds in manner as aforesaid, and as the same shall from time to time become due and payable, without Annuities'any Fees or Charges to be demanded br taken for paying the fame or any Part thereof; which said Warrant, without Fee. and the Debentures to be made forth and passed thereupon, shall be a sufficient Authority to the several and

respective Officers of the Receipt of the Exchequer, now and for the time being for the Payment of the said Annuities or Yearly Rents or Sums to the said Lord Colchester and such Heir Male as aforesaid, at the respective Quarterly Days in this Act before appointed for Payment thereof, without any further or other Warrant to be sued for, had or obtained in that Behalf.

IV. And it is hereby further enacted, That after signing of such Warrant, the same shall be good, valid Warrant notio and effectual in Law, according to the Purport and true Meaning thereof and of this Act, and mall not be be revokable on determinable or revokable by or upon the Demise of His Majesty, (whom God long preserve !) or of any of D?raise of the His Heirs or Successors, or by or upon the Death or Removal of any of the said Commissioners of the Trea- Kins*&c* fury, or the Lord High Treasurer, or by Or upon the Determination of the Power, Office or Offices of

them or any of them.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Lord High Treasurer of the United Kingdom of Great Britain Treasury and

and Ireland, and the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Exchequer to do Ireland for the time being, Chancellor and Under Treasurer, Chamberlains and Carons of the Exchequer, evei7 thinS and all other the Officers and Ministers of the Court of Exchequer and of the Receipt thereof, now and for the

the time being, shall and they are hereby authorized and strictly enjoined and required to do, without Fee or effectual without Reward, all such Acts, matters and things as are hereinbefore directed and required, or shall be necessary pee. to be done and performed by them, or any or either of them, in order to render this Act and the several Payments hereby directed effectual.

VI. And be it enacted, That the Acquittance or Acquittances, Receipt or Receipts of the said Lord Acquittance of Colchester, and of the first Heir Male of the Body of the said Lord Colchester on whom the said Title shall Lord Colchester defeend, shall be a good and sufficient Discharge for the Payment of the said respective Annuities or Yearly and l, ie fa, <* Sums, without any further or other Warrant to be sued for or obtained in that Behalf; and that the said respective Annuities or Yearly Rents or Sun^, and every Part thereof, shall be free and clear from all Taxes, charge for Pay-Impositions and other Charges whatsoever and in case any of the Officers of the Receipt of His Majesty's mem of An-Exchequer shall refuse or neglect to pay the said respective Annuities or Yearly Rents or Sums, or any Part nu\ty. thereof, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Att, or to do any Ad necessary to enable the said Remedy for Lord Colchester and the first Heir Male of the Body of the said Lord Colchester on whom the said Title, Recovery of Honour and Dignity of Lord Colchester shall defeend, to receive the same, then the said Lord Colchester and Annu, l, ct* the next succeeding Heir Male of the Body of the said Lord Colchester on whom the said Title shall defeend,

may from time to time sue, prosecute and implead such Officers, or any of them, their Heirs, Executors or Administrators, by Bill, Plaint or Action of Debt, and shall and may recover Judgment and sue out Executions thereupon against such Officers respectively, their Heirs, Executors or Administrators, for so much of such Sum or Sums of Money then due and owing upon the said respective Annuities or Yearly Rents or Sums, or any Part thereof, as shall have been in the Hands of the Officer or Officers of the Receipt of the Exchequer at the time or times when Demands shall have been legally made of the Payment of the said respective Annuities or Yearly Rents or Sums, or any Part thereof as aforesaid, or for the Refusal or Neglect to do any Ad necessary to be done by such Officer or Officers respectively.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Annuity or Yearly Rent or Sum of Four thousand Pounds Annuities re.

shall be and the fame is by this Act vested in the said Lord Colchester, and the said Annuity or Yearly Rent speaively vested or Sum of Three thousand Pounds shall be and the fame is by this Act vested in the next succeeding Heir in Lord Col-Male of the Body of the said Lord Colchester to whom the said Title, Honour and Dignity of Lord Colchester "5 the

/hall defeend 5*and the fame or any Part thereof shall not at any time or times hereafter be aliened, conveyed, UC"

disposed, charged or encumbered by the said Lord Colchester, or by the next succeeding Heir Male of the How frrthe Body of the said Lord Colchester on whom the said Title shall defeend, for any greater or larger Estate or fame may^time than during the natural Life of the Person so aliening, conveying, disposing, charging or encumbering aliened.

the

Abatement of Ore Half of the Annuity of 4, cool, in a certain Event.

Accounts in the Exchequer in Ireland, how to be made up.

Such Accounts to be cehified by Auditor General of Exchequer in Ireland, and transmitted by him toTrea-fury of the United Kingdom.

56 G. 3. C. 98.

Treasury to make Payments out of the Confo-lidated Fund as before the recited A €t.

Grants to arise from the Surplus of the Consolidated Fund, which had not accrued prior to Jan. 5, 1817, &c. to be deemed satisfied and cancelled.

Certain Balances due from Great Britain to Ireland, or from Ireland to Great Britain, can* celled.

C. 47, 48. 57° GEORGII III. A.D. 1817.

the fame, so as to prevent the fame from descending to the next or so^eeding Heir Male of the Body' of the said Lord Colchester to whom the said title of Lord Colchester shall defeend.

VIII. Provided always, and be it Further enacted, That One Half of the said Annuity or Yearly Rent or Sum shall abate and be suspended during any Period in which the said Charles Lord Colchester may hereafter hold any Place, Office or Employment under His Majesty of equal, or greater Amount, in Salary, Profit or Emolument, than the Amount of such Annuity.

CAP. XLVIII.

An Act to make further Provision for the Adjustment of the Accounts of the Conffelidated Fund of the United Kingdom, and for making good any occasional Deficiency which may arise in the said Fund in Great Britain or Ireland, respectively 5 and to direct the Application of Monies by the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt.

[27th June 1817.]

WHEREAS, in consequence of the Consolidation of the Revenues of Great Britain and Ireland, it is become expedient to make further Provision for the Adjustment of the Accounts of the Confo-

lidated Fund of the United Kingdom 5 and that for that Purpose Quarterly Accounts of the Issues made

out of the growing Produce of the Consolidated Fund in Ireland, for the current Services there, fhojild be made up and tranhnitted to Great Britain % and provided for in manner herein after mentioned Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That immediately after the termination of each Quarter of a Year ending upon the Fifth Day of Aprils the Fifth Day of July, the Tenth Day of 08ober, and the Fifth Day of January respectively in each and every Year, Accounts shall be made up in the Receipt of the Exchequer in Ireland of all Sums which shall have been issued, during the Quarter ending on the said Days respectively, out of the growing Produce of the Consolidated Fund arising in Ireland, specifying Separately the Issues made for defraying the Services comprized in the Annual Grants of Parliament, or which would in Great Britain be payable at the Receipt of the Exchequer out of any of the Aids or Supplies of the Year, and specifying also in each and every such Account the Heads of Service for which such Issues were so made; which Accounts (Hall be certified by the Auditor General of the Receipt of His Majestys Exchequer in Ireland\ and shall be transmitted by him to the Lord High Treasurer or the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; and the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, shall thereupon, by Warrant under his or their Hand or Hands, order and direct that out of any of the Aids or Supplies of the Year in the Receipt of the Exchequer in Great Britain^ a Sum or Sums of Money equal to such certified Amount of the Issues so made out of the growing Produce of the Consolidated Fund arising in Ireland, for defraying the Services comprized in the Annual Grants of Parliament, or which would in Great Britain be payable at the Receipt of the Exchequer out of any of the Aids or Supplies of the Year, shall be carried and placed to the Credit of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom, for the Quarter ending on the usual Quarter Day next ensuing after the Date of such Certificate and the same shall thereupon be carried and placed to such Account and Credit by the Auditor of the Rrceipt of His Majesty's Exchequer in Great Britain; any thing in an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to unite and consolidate into One Fund all the Public Revenues of Great Britain and Ireland, and to provide for the Application thereof to the general Service of the United Kingdom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And Whereas certain Payments have been heretofore made by Law or Usageout of the growing Pro-

duce of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, ' Be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, from time to time, to cause any Payment or Payments to be made, or any Sum or Sums of Money to be issued out of the growing Produce of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom, at the Receipt of the Exchequer in Great Britain, in advance or otherwise, in like manner as had been practised before the passing of the said recited Act of the last Session of Parliament; any thing contained in the said Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And Whereas the Exchequer Bills which have been issued upon the Credit of Aids and Supplies

heretofore granted by Parliament have been provided for, and the Sums due and to arise from the Surplus of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain under former Grants of Parliament, and which were applicable to the Discharge of such Exchequer Bills, have by reason thereof become no longer necessary for inch Ser- vice; Be it therefore enacted, That all Grants made by Parliament, to arise from the Surplus of the said Consolidated Fund, and which Surplus had not accrued prior to the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, and also all Sums due from the said Consolidated Fund to the Aids or Supplies of former Years, in respect of Money advanced thereout to make good the Deficiencies of the said Fund, shall be and be deemed to be satisfied and cancelled, and no further Sums shall be issued or issuable thereupon; any thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it Further enabled, That all Balances due from Great Britain to Ireland, or from Ireland to Great Britain respectively, upon or in respect of, or in any manner arising out of the joint Contribution of Great Britain and Ireland to the Expences of the United Kingdom, under the Provisions of the feveml Acts passed in the Parliaments of Great Britain and Ireland respectively in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years and in the Fortieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the Unioil of Great Britain and

- II Ireland\

A.D. 1817. 57° GEORGII III. C. 48.

Ireland, shall be and are hereby cancelled) and shall be deemed and are hereby declared to be satisfied and discharged; any thing contained in the said recked Acts or any other A A or A Act of Parliament to the contrary

notwithstanding.

4 V. And Whereas by an Act made in the Twenty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

intituled An Act for repealing the several Duties of Customs and Excise, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof and for applying the said Duties together with the other Duties composing the Public Revenue; for permitting the Importation of certain Goods, Wares and Merchandise, the Produce or Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King, into this Kingdom; and for applying certain unclaimed Monies remaining in the Exchequer, for the Payment of Annuities on Lives, to the Reduction of the National Debt; it is among other things enacted, that if at any time at which any Annuity or Annuities shall become due and payable, the Produce of the several Duties composing the Consolidated Fund established by the said Act should not be sufficient to answer and pay all the Annuities and other Charges that should be*

come due and payable on any Quarterly or other Day of Payment, the Commissioners of Hifc Majesty's Treasury or the Lord High Treasurer for the time being were thereby authorized, empowered and required,

out of any Money which should then be remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer of Aids or Supplies that should have been granted for the Service of the Year in which such Deficiency should happen, to apply such Sum or Sums of Money as should be sufficient fully and completely to answer and make good such Deficiency, and all such Sum or Sums of Money so issued out of the said Aids or Supplies should be replaced to the Service or Services to which the fame might have been appropriated by Parliament, out of the first or any future Quarter's Surplus of the Duties and Revenues composing the said Consolidated Fund:

And Whereas it is expedient that the said Provision should be repealed; Be it therefore enacted, That the said Provision shall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

VI. And Whereas it may happen that the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom may at certain times be deficient in Amount to answer the several Charges thereupon arising in Great Britain or Ireland respectively, and it is expedient that Provision should be made for making good such Deficiency, in case the fame should arise Be it therefore enacted, That if, upon making up the Accounts of the Income and' Charge of the said Consolidated Fund in Great Britain or Ireland respectively, for the Quarters ending on the Fifth Day of April, the Fifth Day of July9 the Tenth Day of October, or the Fifth Day of January in any Year, it shall appear to the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, that the Produce of the said Fund is not sufficient to defray the Charges thereupon in Great Britain, or in Ireland respectively, then and in such case it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them for the time being, from time to time, by Warrant under their Hands, to cause or direct any Number of Exchequer Bills to be made out at the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer in Great Britain, for such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be sufficient to make up such Deficiency in Great Britain or Ireland respectively; and such Exchequer Bills shall be made out in the fame or like manner, Form and Order, and according to the fame or like Rules and Directions, as are directed and prescribed in and by an Act made in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for regulating the ijfu'tng and paying off of Exchequer Bills.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Clauses, Provisoes, Powers, Privileges, Advantages, Penalties, Forfeitures and Disabilities contained in the said recited Act made in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for regulating the issuing and paying off of Exchequer Bills, shall be applied and extended to the Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the said several Clauses and Provisions had been particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act shall and may bear an Interest not exceeding the Rate of Three pence Halfpenny per Centum per Diem upon or in respect of the Whole of the Monies respectively contained therein.

IX. And be it declared and further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Governor andj Company of the Bank of England, and for the Governor &tyl Company of the Bank of Ireland, and they are hereby respectively empowered, to taker accept and receive the Exchequer Bills authorized to be made out in pursuance of this Act, and to advance or lend to His Majesty at the Receipt of the Exchequer in Great Britain or Ireland respectively, upon the Credit of such Exchequer Bills, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the Sum necessary to make good such Deficiency of the Consolidated Fund in Great Britain or Ireland respectively; any thing in an Act made and passed in the Parliament of England, in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled An Act for granting to Their Majesties several Rates and Duties upon Tonnage of Ships and Vessels, and upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors; and for securing certain Recompences and Advantages in the said Act mentioned to such Persons as shall voluntarily advance the Sum of One million five hundred thousand Pounds towards carrying on the War againf France, or in any other Act or Acts to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

X. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, or any Three or more of them, shall and they are hereby respectively authorized and empowered to cause such Exchequer Bills as shall be made out in pursuance of this Act, in respect of any Deficiency in the said Coqfo-lidated Fund arising in Great Britainr to be placed as.so much Cash in the respective Offices of the Tellers of the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer in Great Britain; each hnd every of which Tellers shall be severally charged with the Proportion of the said Bills which shall be so placed in his Office respectively as so much Cash; any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

7*

170.3. c. 13. §5*'

repealed.

Regulation for making good Deficiencies by issuing Exchequer Bills.

Such Exchequer Bills to be nude out as by 48 G. 3. c.i.

48 G. 3. c. I. to extend to Exchequer Bills issued under this Act.

Interest of such Exchequer Bills.

Banks of England and Ireland empowered to advance Money on the Credit of such Exchequer Bills,

notwithstanding 5 & 6 W. & M. c. 20.

ExchequerBiik for Deficiencies in G. B. to be*placed as Cash in the Offices of the Tellers of the Exchequer;

0.48.

57° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1817.

and to be issued for defraying Charges upon Consolidated Fund by r Afon of Deficiencies.

Eichequer Bills for Deficiencies arising in Ireland, how to be disposed of.

Exchequer Bills and Intereil chargeable on the Consolidated Fund in the next succceding Quarter.

Accounts of Exchequer Bills discharged and undischarged to be annually bid before Pailia-

XI. And be it also enacted and declared, That the said Exchequer Bills in the Hands of the said Teller* shall be locked up and secured as Cash according to the Course of the Receipt of the Exchequer in Great Britain, and shall be taken and esteemed as so much in part of the Remains in real Money, wherewith each x>f the said Tellers shall from time to time stand charged in common with other the Monies in the said Receipt of the Exchequer, any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding { an#d it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, or any Three or more of them, to issue and apply the same to the defraying the Charges upon the said Consolidated Fund remaining unpaid in Great Britain by reason of any such Deficiency.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, shall and they are herebj authorized and empowered to cause such Exchequer Bills as shall be made out in pursuance of this A A, in respect of any Deficiency in the said Consolidated Fund arising in Ireland, to be paid into the Bank of Ireland to the Credit and Account of the Teller of the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, there to be issued and applied to the defraying of the Charges upon the Consolidated Fund remaining unpaid in Ireland by reason of such Deficiency.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Principal Sum or Sums of Money to be contained in all such Exchequer Bills to be made forth by virtue of this Act, together with the Interest that may become due thereon, shall be and the same are hereby made chargeable and charged upon the growing Produce of the Consolidated, Fund of the United Kingdom in the next succeeding Quarter; and it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, and they or any Three or more of them are hereby authorized from time to time by Warrant under their Hands to direct the Auditor of the Receipt of the Exchequer in Great Britain or Ireland respectively, in such manner as they shall think necessary, to issue unto such Person or Persons as shall be named in the said Warrants respectively, out of the growing Produce of the Consolidated Fund of the next succeeding Quarter, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole a Sum sufficient to discharge and pay off the Principal Sum or Sums of Money contained in such Exchequer Bills then outstanding in Great Britain or Ireland respectively, and which may have been made out and issued by virtue of this Act, together with all such Interest as may be due thereupon.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being shall from time to time cause a true and perfect Account in Writing to be taken attested by the proper Officers of the Amount of all Exchequer Bills which shall be made out and issued by virtue of this Act, and how much thereof shall before the making up of such Accounts have been paid off or discharged, and how much' thereof shall then remain undischarged 5 and every such Account shall on or before the Twenty fifth Day of March in each and every Year be laid before both Houses of Parliament, if Parliament shall be then fitting, or if Parliament shall not then be fitting, then within One Month after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament.

2$ G. 3. C. 31. § ii.

So much of recited Act as limits the Periods for applying Montes for the Purchase of Public Annuities, repealed.

Monies set apart and applicable between 1 Nov.

1817, and 1 Feb.

1818, to be applied by Commissioners in Purchase of Annuities be. tween a Nov. 1817, and

5 Jan. 1818. periods of Application of

XV. And Whereas by an Act passed in the Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, f intituled An Act for vesting certain Sums in Commissioners at the End of every Quarter of a Tear^ to be by 1 them applied to the Reduction of the National Debt, it was enacted, that all Monies whatsoever which should be c placed from time to time to the Account of the said Commissioners by virtue of the said Act, which should

not be dirtded by any future Act or Acts of Parliament to be applied in Payment for the Redemption of any Redeemable Public Annuities at or above Par, should be applied by the said Commissioners in Payment

for the Purchase of Public Annuities below Par in the following manner; (that is to say), that all Monies ' so to be applied, which should have been placed to the Account of the said Commissioners between the 1 Fifth Day of April in any Year and the First Day of May then next ensuing, should be applied to the Purchase of such Annuities in equal Portions, as nearly as might be, on every Day (Saturdays and Mondays excepted) between the said First Day of May and the Fifth Day of August then next ensuing; and in like

manner the Sums so to be applied, which should have been placed to the Account of the said Commissioners ' between the End of any such Quarter and the First Day of the Calendar Month which should commence next

after the End of such Quarter, should be applied to the Purchase of such Annuities in equal Portions, as nearly

as might be, on every Day (Saturdays and Mondays excepted), on which the fame mould be transferable

between the said First Day of the Calendar Month-which should commence next after the End of such Quarter

and the First Day of the Calendar Month which should commence next after the End of the Quarter next

ensuing s And Whereas it is expedient to alter the respective Periods for applying all such Monies, and to

substitute other Periods for the like Purpose instead thereof, in order that the Accounts of the Application of the said Monies shall terminate and be rendered conformable to the Periods of terminating the several Accounts of the Public Revenues of the United Kingdom Be it therefore enacted, That so much of the said recited Act as limits the Periods for applying the said Monies shall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That all Monies whatever which shall be to be set apart and placed to the Account of the said Commissioners in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, under and Ijy virtue of the said last recited Act, or of any other Act or Acts now in force for the Reduction of the National Debt, and which would be applicable between the First Day of November One thousand eight hundred and seventeen and the First Day of February One thousand eight bundled and eighteen, pursuant to the Provisions of the said Act, shall be applied by the said Commissioners in the Purchase of Redeemable Public Annuities, as directed by the said recited Act, on Transfer Days (Saturdays and Mondays excepted) between the Second Day of November One thousand eight hundred and seventeen and the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, both Days included.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That all Monies so set apart in every future Year shall be applied hi the maimer following j (that is to say, ) all Monies so set apart or to be so set apart and placed to the Account

A.D. 1817» 57° GEORGII III. C. 48, 49.

of the said ^ommissioners in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, due on the Fifth Day of January in every Year, shall be applied by the said Commissioners in the Purchase of Redeemable Public Annuities, as directed by the said recited Act, on Transfer Days (Saturdays and Mondays excepted) between the Seventh Day of January and the Fifth Day of April then next ensuing, both Days included; and in like manner all Monies due the Fifth Day of April in every Year, and set apart as aforesaid, (half be applied on Transfer Days (Saturdays and Mondays excepted) between the Seventh Day of April and the Fifth Day of July then next ensuing, both Days included; and all Monies due the Fifth Day of July in every Year, and set apart as aforesaid, shall be applied on Transfer Days (Saturdays and Mondays excepted) between the Seventh Day of July and the Tenth Day of October then next ensuing, both Days included 5 and all Monies due the Tenth Day* of 0Bober in every Year, and set apart as aforesaid, shall be applied on Transfer Days (Saturdays and Mondays excepted) between the Twelfth Day of October and the Fifth Day of January then next ensuing, both Days included; and every Annual Account of the Application of all such Monies, and of the Public Annuities purchased with the fame, directed by the said recited Act to be made up to the First Day of February in every Year, to be laid before Parliament; and the Auditors-}- of Public Accounts shall in future terminate upon and be made up to the Fifth Day of January inclusive in every Year; any thing in the said last recited Act or auy other Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XLIX.

An Act for altering and amending the Laws of Excise with respect to Salt and Rock Salt.

[27th June 1817.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Thirty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for transferring the Management of the Salt Duties to the Com-

nujjtoners of Excise, and for repealing the Duties on Salt, and the Drawbacks, Allowances and Bounties paid thereout, and for granting other Duties, Drawbacks, Allowances and Bounties thereon, all and every the

Proprietor and Proprietors of every Salt Mine or Salt Pit is and are required, at lead Twelve Hours before

he, she or they shall at any time begin to raise or take away Rock Salt from or out of any Salt Mine or ' Salt Pit, to give Notice in Writing to the Officer of Excise under whose Survey such Salt Mine or«Salt Pit shall be, of the particular Day and Hour of the Day on which he, she or they intends or intend«to begin raising or taking any Rock Salt from or out of any such Mine or Pit: And Whereas such Period of Twelve Hours for such Notice as aforesaid has been found unnecessarily long and inconvenient Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That in lieu and in dead of such Period of Twelve Hours, all and every such Proprietor and Proprietors of every Salt Mine or Salt Pit shall give such Notice as aforesaid at lead Two Hours before he, she or they shall at any time begin to raise or take Rock Salt from or out of any Salt Mine or Salt Pit, any thing in the said recited Act contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

II. And Whereas by the said Act all and every Maker or Makers of Salt, and Refiner or Refiners of

Rock Salt, and Proprietor or Proprietors of any Salt Work, is and are required, at lead Six Hours before he, she or they shall begin to charge his, her or their Pan or Boiler with Brine or other Pre-

paration for making or refining Salt, to give to the Officer of Excise under whose Survey his, her or their Salt Work shall be, a Notice in Writing of his, her or their Intention so to do, specifying therein the

Particulars in the said Act mentioned 5 and if any such Maker or Makers, Refiner or Refiners, or Proprie-

for or Proprietors, shall not begin to charge his, her or their Pan or Boiler within the Space of One Hour after the particular time or Hour specified in such Notice for that Purpose, then to give a fresh and like Notice

before he, she or they shall begin to charge his, her or their Pan or Boiler 5 and all and every such Maker or Makers of Salt, Refiner or Refiners of Rock Salt, and Proprietor or Proprietors of any Salt Work, who

in pursuance of any such Notice as aforesaid shall begin to charge, his, her or their Pan or Boiler with

Brine or other Preparation for making Salt or refining Rock Salt, is and are required to proceed without Respite or Delay, and with all due Diligence and Dispatch, to charge such Pan or Boiler with the whole

Quantity of Brine or other Preparation intended to be employed, used or worked off at such Boiling or Operation; provided that if any such Maker, Refiner or Proprietor shall have occasion to add to or increase the Brine in any Pan or Boiler after such Pan or Boiler shall have been charged, and before any Salt of that particular Boiling or Operation shall have been taken from or out of such Pan or Boiler, ha, (he or they shall be permitted and allowed once, but not oftener, to add to and increase the Quantity of Brine in any such Pan or Boiler, upon giving such Notice as is prescribed by the said Act; and if any Maker or Makers of Salt, Refiner or Refiners of Rock Salt, or Proprietor or Proprietors of any Salt Work, shall convey or put any Brine into any Pan or Boiler after he, she or they shall have begun to

take any Salt out of such Pan or Boiler, and before the whole Boiling or Operation of such particular

Charge shall be finished, and all the Salt made or intended to be made therefrom shall be taken out of such Pan or Boiler, or shall convey or put any Brine into any Pan or Boiler after the same shall have been fully charged, (except in the manner thereinbefore allowed, under such Notice as is thereinbefore provided for making an Addition to or increasing the Brine in the Pan or Boiler, ) he, she or they shall forfeit the

Penalty therein mentioned; and in case any Maker or Makers, Refiner or Refiners of Salt, or Proprietor or Proprietors of any Salt Work, instead of keeping the Salt of each Boiling or Operation in the Pan or Boiling House until the whole of each Boiling or Operation shall be finished, shall be desirous to carry,

57 Geo. III. L9remove

73

Mouies iu future Years.

Sit.

38 G. 3. C. 89.

§20.

Proprietors of Salt Mines to give Two in lieu of Twelve Hours* Notice of raising Rock Salt.

38 G. 3. c. 89. §23.

§24.

§*5«

C>49*

57 GEORGII III.

A.D. 1817.

repealed.

Salt Makers to give Six Hour* Notice of their Intention to draw or take Salt from their Pans or Boilers.

In what case fresh Notice.

Penalty 50I Adding Brine after having begun to draw Salt, and before Declaration that Operation is fiuished, 5cc.

Penalty 50l. Part of the Salt of any Operation may be ware-housed before the whole is finished, on certain Conditions.

Conditions.

ji G 3. c. 82. §2. recited.

remove or put any Salt of any particular Boiling or Operation into his, her or their Warehouse or Ware*

houses, Storehouse or Storehouses, or Loft or Lofts, before any such Boiling or Operation shall be finished, such Maker or Makers, Refiner or Refiners, or Proprietor or Proprietors, may carry, remove or 1 put One Half (but neither more nor less) of the whole Number of Baflcets, Barrows or Troughs of Salt to be made at each such Boiling or Operation, into any such Warehouse or Wareh°ufe8> Storehouse or Storehouses, or Loft or Lofts, upon the Terms and Conditions mentioned in the said Act: And

Whereas it is expedient that such Provisions of the said Act as hereinbefore recited should be repealed Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act the said recited Provisions of the said Act shall be and the same are hereby repealed.

III. And be it further enacted, That all and every Maker or Makers of Salt, Refiner or Refiners of Rock Salt* and Proprietor or Proprietors of any Salt Work, shall at lead Six Hours before he, she or they shall begin to draw or take out any Salt from any Pan or Boiler after the same shall have been charged with Brine, or other Preparation for making Salt, give to the Officer of Excise, under whose Survey his, her or their Salt Work shall be, a Notice in Writing of his, her or their Intention so to do, specifying therein the particular time and Hour at which he, she or they intends or intend to begin to draw or take out the Salt from such Pan Pan or Boiler 5 and if any such Maker or Makers, Refiner or Refiners, or Proprietor or Proprietors, shall not begin to draw and take out the Salt from such Pan or Boiler within the Space of Three Hours after the particular time or Hour specified in such Notice, then such Notice shall be void; and every such Maker or Makers, Refiner or Refiners, or Proprietor or Proprietors as aforesaid, shall give a fresh and like Notice before he, she or they shall begin to draw or take out any Salt from such Pan or Boiler; and in case such Maker or Makers, Refiner or Refiners, or Proprietor or Proprietors, shall neglect or refuse to give such Notice as aforesaid, or having given a Notice which shall become void as aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to give a fresh and like Notice, he, she or they shall for each and every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of Ffty Pounds.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any Maker or Makers of Salt, Refiner or Refiners of Rock Salt, or Proprietor or Proprietors of any Salt Work, shall convey or put, or cause or suffer to be conveyed or put, any Brine or other Preparation for making Salt into any Pan or Boiler after he, she or they (Hall have begun to draw or take out any Salt from such ran or Boiler, and before he, she or they shall declare to the surveying Officer that the whole Operation of making Salt from the Brine which shall then be in such Pan or Boiler is finished, and that all the Salt made or intended to be made therefrom in such Operation has been taken out of such Pan or Boiler, he, she or they shall for every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

V. Provided always nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That in case any such Maker or Makers, Refiner or Refiners, or Proprietor or Proprietors, instead of keeping the Salt of each Boiling or Operation in the Pan or Boiling Hoofe until the whole of each Boiling or Operation shall be finished, shall be desirous of carrying, removing, or putting any Salt of any particular Boiling or Operation into his, her or their Warehouse or Warehouses, Storehouse or Storehouses, or Loft or Lofts, before any such Boiling or Operation shall be finished, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Maker or Makers, Refiner or Refiners, or Proprietor or Proprietors, to carry, remove or put any Part of the whole of the Salt to be made at each fuefr Boiling or Operation into any such Warehouse or Warehouses, Storehouse or Storehouses, or Loft or Lofts upon the Terms and Conditions herein after mentioned, (that is to say, ) that in the Notice required by this Act to be given as aforesaid for drawing or taking out Salt from his, her or their Pan or Boiler, such Maker or Makers, Refiner or Refiners, or Proprietor or Proprietors, shall specify the particular Number of Baflcets, ' Barrows or Troughs, and the estimated Quantity of Salt of which such Part of such particular Boiling or Operation shall or will consist, and the Day* and Hour of the Day, when such Part shall be carried, removed or put into such Warehouse or Warehouses, Storehouse or Storehouses, or Loft or Lofts; and also that all the Salt which, according to the Specification in such Notice, shall be intended to be carried, removed or put into such Warehouse or Warehouses, Storehouse or Storehouses, or Loft or Lofts, at each such Removal, shall be actually so carried, removed and put, immediately after the proper Officer of Excise shall have taken a true Account thereof, and before any more or other Salt shall be taken out of the Pan or Boiler of that.or any subsequent Boiling or Operation.

VI. And Whereas by a Clause in an Act made in the Fifty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, among other things, For establishing Regulations respecting Rock Salt delivered to the Rejineriesy it was enacted, that when and so soon as any Rock Salt should be delivered from any Salt Mine or Salt Pit, to be shipped Coastwise, or to be sent by Inland Navigation free of Duty, on Bond for its being duly delivered at any entered Refinery, not being within the Counties of Lancaster and Chester respectively, the Refiner or Refiners to or for whom the fame should be consigned or sent should, within Six Weeks next after the Delivery or Receipt of such Rock Salt, pay the Duties of Excise at and after the Rate of Fifteen Shillings per Buffiel for such Rock Salt, unless such Refiner or Refiners should give such sufficient Bond or Security as was in the said Clause mentioned and prescribed for the due Payment of the Duties of Excise at and after the Rate of Fifteen Shillings per Bushel for or in respect of such Rock Salt, within the Space of Six Months next after such Delivery or Receipt, or else producing to the proper Officer of Excise within such Six Months, and having charged with the Duties, a Quantity or Quantities of refined Salt made from such Rock Salt, in the Proportion of Fifty six Pounds of refined Salt at the least for every Sixty five Pounds of such Rock Salt which should from time time be found by the proper Officer or Officers of Excise deficient of the Quantity of such Rock Salt which should have been so delivered or received, and for paying at the end of every Six Weeks from the time of the Charge thereof the Duties

12 4 at

A.D. 1817.

57 GEORGII III. C. 49.

75

c at and after the Rate of Fifteen Shillings fir Bushel for or in respect of the Quantity of eaoh Charge of such refined Salt: And Whereas it has been found by Experience that the produce of refined Salt from

Rock Salt exceeds the Proportion aforesaid; and it is therefore expedient to require Payment of Duty for the Salt refined from such Rock Salt according to the greater Proportion herein after mentioned

Be it therefore enacted, That so much of the said Provision as is hereinbefore recited shall be and the fame is Refiners to give

hereby repealed 5 and that from and after the passing of this Act, all and every such Refiner and Refiners °nd w, LhJ"

shall within Fourteen Days next after the Delivery or Receipt of any Rock Salt, give sufficient Bond or

Security, to.be approved of by the Commissioners of Excise, or the Person or Persons who shall be appointed Rock Salt, for°

or employed by them for that Purpose, in Double the Value of the Duties on such Rock Salt, for producing the Production

to the proper Officer of Excise, to be taken Account of or charged with Duty by him, within the Space of of 581b*. of Re-

Twelve Months next after such Delivery or Receipt, a Quantity or Quantities of refined Salt made from such

Rock Salt, in the proportion of Fifty eight Pounds of refined Salt at the least for every Sixty five Pounds of saltind for

such Rock Salt, and for paying the Duties thereon at the End of every Six Weeks from the time of the Payment of

Charge upon any Part of such refined Salt, at and after the Rate of Fifteen Shillings per Bushel; and if Duties.

any rich Refiner or Refiners shall refuse or neglect to give such Bond or Security as is hereby in that Behalf Penalty.

required, all such Rock Salt shall be forfeited, together with the Duties thereon, and such Rock Salt shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise: Provided always, that all and every such Refiner Proviso for Ex-

and Refiners shall be at Liberty, within such Space of Twelve Months, to export or deliver for the Use of portation, &c.

the Fisheries, or to any entered Maker of oxygenated Muriatic Acid or Oxymuriate of Lime for making

oxygenated Muriatic Acid or Oxymuriate of Lime, any Part of such refined Salt Duty-free under the

Regulations established by Law in that Behalf; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof

notwithstanding. '

VII. And be it further enacted, That all and every such Refiner and Refiners of Rock Salt shall provide Refiner* to pro-and maintain a proper and secure Warehouse, Storehouse or Loft, or Warehouses, Storehouses or Lofts, to vide Warehouse* the Satisfaction of the Supervisor of Excise in whose District it or they may be situated, with good and sufficient Locks and other Fastenings thereto respectively, to be provided by such Supervisor at the Expence and silk under the Charge of such Refiner or Refiners respectively, into which Warehouse or Warehouses, or Storehouse or Excise Lock*. Storehouses, or Loft or Lofts, or some or one of them, all the Rock Salt shall, immediately after the Arrival Such Salt to fie or Receipt thereof at such Refinery, be put and deposited by and at the Expence of such Refiner or Refiners, deposited at the according to the Directions of this Act; and each such Warehouse, Storehouse or Loft respectively, shall be fl^, nCCof Re locked up and secured by the proper Officer of Excise under whose Survey the same shall from time to time n be, except at such time or times only as such Officer shall be attending for the Purpose of depositing Rock Salt therein, or for weighing or taking Account of the Rock Salt therein, or delivering Rock Salt from or out of such respective Warehouse, Storehouse or Loft; and if any such Refiner or Renners shall neglect or Refiner neglect-refuse, at his, her or their own Expence, to provide such Warehouse, Storehouse or Loft, or Warehouses, ing to provide Storehouses or Lofts as aforesaid, or to pay such Supervisor as aforesaid, upon Demand, for any* Lock or or

Locks, Key or Keys, or other Fattening or Fastenings thereon or thereto, and provided by such Supervisor

for the Security thereof, or shall refuse or neglect to put or deposit any Rock Salt, immediately after the Arrival or Receipt thereof at any such Refinery, in one or more of such Warehouses, Storehouses or Lofts, according to the Directions of this Act; or if any Refiner or Refiners or other Person or Persons shall da- or damaging mage, force or open, or cause to be damaged, forced or opened, any such Lock or other Fattening, or enter Locks, See. or cause to be entered any such Warehouse, Storehouse or Loft, Save at such time and times as are herein for that Purpose mentioned, then and in each and every such case the Refiner or Refiners, or other Person or Persons so offending, shall for each and every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds; Penalty iool. provided that no such Refiner or Refiners shall be hindered or prevented from putting any Cargo of such Salt Proviso for put-by itself into Steep immediately on its Arrival and Receipt, without warehousing the same as aforesaid, such t'nS s*h Cargo of Rock Salt first being taken Account of by the proper Officer. Steep.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as any such Refiner or Refiners shall be desirous Refiner* to give to have any such Rock Salt delivered from or out of any such Warehouse, Storehouse or Loft, for the Purpose Notice to bare of being put into any Cittern or other Vessel for dissolving the fame or making the same into Brine, he, she or ^Of^eWar^ they shall give Twelve Hours* previous Notice in Writing to the Officer of Excise under whose Survey such hootefor dilwH Warehouse, Storehouse or Loft shall be, of his, her or their Intention to have such Rock Salt so delivered ing jnt0 Brine, for the Purpose aforesaid, specifying in such Notice the particular Day and Hour at which he, she or they

intends or intend to have such Rock Salt so delivered for the Purpose aforesaid, and the Quantity of such Rock Salt so to be delivered, not being less than Forty Bushels at any one time; and upon such Notice being officer thereto given, the proper Officer or Officers of Excise shall attend at the time mentioned in such Notice, and open upon to attend, such Warehouse, Storehouse or Loft, and such Refiner or Refiners shall thereupon proceed to weigh, and shall with all due Diligence and Dispatch weigh, in the Presence of such Officer or Officers, the whole of the Rock Salt specified in such Notice: Provided always nevertheless, that no such Refiner or Refiners shall be at Notice void un-Liberty to give any such Notice for having any such Rock Salt so delivered at any other time than between the fof opening

Hours of Six in the Morning and Six in the Afternoon; and every Notice given for having any such Rock j^fbetween* 8alt so delivered in any less Quantity than Forty Bushels at one time, or at any other time or Hour than be- Hours?

tween the Hours in that Behalf aforesaid, shall and the fame is hereby declared to be null and void to all In- &c. tents and Purposes whatsoever.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all and every such Refiner and Refiners of Rock Salt shall deposit, store Refiners to keep and keep all and every Cargo or Quantity of Rock Salt received at one time, and which is or are the Subject Cargo of of and included in any Bond as aforesaid, separate and apart from all Rock Salt received at any other time or Rock Saltiepa-

7 Li times, rate and a*artj

and alfrefaed Salt made from Rock Salt included in one Rond, separate and apart from refined Salt made from Rock Salt included under any other Bond.

Penalty 100L

Refiners not to put Rock Salt, which is the Subject of one Bond, into Solution with Brine made from Rock Salt which in the Subject of another Bond, or begin to dissolve any Rock Salt subsequently received and included in different Bonds, nor mingle Brines, until the Rock Salt before received has been wholly refined.

Penalty iocl.

Refiners of Salt from Sea Water, or from Rock Salt dissolved in Sea or Salt Water, (Exception) to provide and keep a Vessel to receive the Brine, &c. and before beginning to make Salt to enter the fame. Neglecting, &c. or removing or altering Vessels, &c. without Notice,

Penalty iool. Such Salt Makers and Refiners to give Notice of charging Pans or Boilers, and not to begin charging them within One Hour from Notice,

C. 49. 57° GEORGII III. A.D. 1817.

times, and which is or are the Subject or Subjects of and included in another or different Bond or Bonds; and all Refined Salt made or prepared from Rock Salt, delivered or received at his, her or their Refinery at the same time, and which is the Subject of and included in any Bond, separate and apart from all Refined Salt made or prepared from Rock Salt, delivered or received at such Refinery at another time or times, or which is or are the Subject or Subjects of and included in another or different Bond or Bonds; and if any such Refiner or Refiners of Rock Salt shall neglect or refuse to deposit, store or keep all Rock Salt received at one time, and which is the Subject of and included in one Bond, separate and apart from all Rock Salt received at any other time or times, or which may be the Subject of and included in another Bond of other Bonds as aforesaid, or shall neglect or refuse to deposit, store or keep the Refined Salt made therefrom respectively separate and apart as aforesaid, every such Refiner or Refiners so offending shall for each and every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds. '

X. And be it further enacted, That no such Refiner or Refiners of Rock Salt shall put any Rock Salt by him, her or them received at the same time, and which is the Subject of and included in any Bond as aforesaid, into any Cistern or other Vessel which shall at that time contain any Brine made or prepared from Rock Salt received by him, her or them at any other time or times, or which is or are the Subject or Subjects of and included in any other Bond or Bonds; or shall dissolve at one and the same time, in one and the fame Cistern, Vessel or Utensil, different Quantities of Rock Salt received at his, her or their Refinery at different times, or which are the Subjects of and included in different Bonds as aforesaid 5 or shall mix or mmgle together different Quantities of Brine made or prepared from such different Quantities of Rock Salt; or shall begin to run into any Boiling Pan any Part of the Brine made with or from any Part of the Rock Salt received at his, her or their Refinery at a subsequent time, and which is the Subject of and included in a subsequent Bond, until the whole Quantity of Rock Salt received at such Refinery at: any prior time, and which is the Subject of and included in any prior Bond, has been wholly dissolved, refined, warehoused and taken Account of by the proper Officer 5 and if any such Refiner or Refiners of Rock Salt shall put any Rock Salt by him, her or them received at the same time, and which is the Subject of and included in any Bond as aforesaid, into any Cistern or other Vessel which shall at any time contain any Brine made or prepared from Rock Salt received by him, her or them at another time or times, or which is or are the Subject or Subjects of and included in any other Bond or Bonds as aforesaid 5 or shall dissolve at one and the same time, in one and the fame Cistern, Vessel or Utensil, different Quantities of Rock Salt received at his, her or their Refinery at different times, and which'are the Subjects of and included in different Bonds as aforesaid; or shall mix or mingle together different Quantities of Brine made or prepared from such different Quantities of Rock Salt, or shall begin to run into any Boiling Pan any Part of the Rock Salt received at his, her or their Refinery at a subsequent time, and which is the Subject of and included in a subsequent Bond, until the whole Quantity of Rock Salt received at such Refinery at any prior time, and which is the Subject of and included in any prior Bond, has been wholly dissolved, refined, warehoused and taken Account of by the proper Officer; then and in each and every such case the Refiner or Refiners so offending shall for each and every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, all and every Maker or Makers of Salt, and Refiner or Refiners of Rock Salt from Sea Water, or from Rock Salt dissolved in Sea Water, or any Water in which Salt is held in Solution, or any Mixture therewith, not being within the Counties of Chester or Lancaster respectively, or that Part of the United Kingdom called Scotland, shall have, provide, fix, maintain and keep, at his, her or their Salt Work, a Vat or Vats, or other Vessel or Vessels, or Reservoiror Reservoirs, to the Satisfaction of the Supervisor of Excise of the District in which such Salt Work shall be situated, for the Purpose of receiving the Brine or other Preparation wherewith he, she or they shall or may intend to charge any Pan or Boiler for any Operation of boiling or making Salt, and shall, before he, she or they shall begin to make any Salt, make Entry thereof in Writing with the proper Officer of Excise, as the Charging Vessel or Vessels, Reservoir or ReTervoirs, of his, her or their Pan or Boiler, Pans or Boilers, with Brine or other Preparation for making Salt; and that if any such Maker or Makers, or Refiner or Refiners, shall refuse or neglect to provide, fix, maintain or keep such Vat or Vats, Vessel or Vessels, Reservoir or Reservoirs as aforesaid, at his, her or their Salt Work, or shall at any time remove or alter such Vat or Vats, Vessel or Vessels, Reservoir or Reservoirs, or change the Postion thereof, without previous Notice in Writing to such Supervisor of his, her or their Intention so to do, or shall begin to make Salt at his, her or their Salt Work before he, she or they shall have made Entry thereof in Writing as aforesaid with the proper Officer of Excise, he, she or they shall for each and every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Day and Year last aforesaid, all and every such Maker or Makers of Salt, and Refiner or Refiners of Rock Salt as last aforesaid, shall, at least Six Hours before he, she or they shall begin to charge any Pan or Boiler with Sea Water, Brine or other Preparation'for boiling or making Salt, convey and put such Sea Water, Brine or other Preparation into such Charging Vessel or Vessels, Reservoir or Reservoirs as aforesaid, and give to the Officer of Excise under whose Survey* his, her or their Salt Work shall be, at least Five Hours* Notice in Writing of his, her or their Intention to charge such Pan or Boiler from such Charging Vessel or Vessels, Reservoir or Reservoirs, with the Sea Water, Brine or other Preparation then contained in such Charging Vessel or Vessels, Reservoiror Reservoirs, specifying therein the particular time and Hour at which he, she or they intends or intend to charge such Pan or Boiler; and if any such Maker or Makers, or Refiner or Refiners, shall not begin to charge his, her or their Pan or Boiler from such Charging Vessel or Vessels, Reservoir or Reservoirs as aforesaid, within the Space of One Hour after the particular time specified im such Notice for that Purpose, then such Notice

shall

A.D. 1817. 57° GEORGII IH. C. 49.

shall be void, and every such Maker or Makers, and Refiner or Refiners, shall give a fre/h and like Notice before he, she or they mall begin to charge his, her or their Pan or Boiler as aforesaid; and in case such Maker or Makers, or Refiner or Refiners shall neglect or refuse so to convey and put such Sea Water, Brine or other Preparations as aforesaid into such Charging Vessel or Vessels, Reservoir or Reservoirs at such time as aforesaid, or to give any such Notice as aforesaid 5 or having given a Notice which shall become void as aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to give a fre/h and like flotice; or if he, she or they shall, after having conveyed and put such Sea Water, Brine or other Preparations into his, or their Charging Vessel or Vessels, Reservoir or Reservoirs as aforesaid, and given such Notice as is in that Behalf before mentioned, remove or conceal any Part thereof, or run or convey any Part thereof into any Pan or Boiler before the proper Officer shall have taken an Account of the Quantity and Quality or Strength thereof as herein after mentioned 5 or if after such Officer shall have taken such Account thereof, any such Maker or Makers, Refiner or Refiners, shall put into such Charging Vessel or Vessels, Reservoir or Reservoirs, any Salt, Rock Salt or other Material by which such Sea Water, Brine or other Preparation therein may be strengthened or altered in Quality, or shall add to the fame, or remove any Part thereof otherwise than by charging such Pan or Boiler therewith at the time specified in such Notice, or shall put into or charge any Pan or Boiler with any Sea Water, Brine or other Preparation for making Salt, other than such as mall have been taken an Account of by the Officer in such Charging Vessel or Vessels, Reservoir or Reservoirs as aforesaid, he, she or they shall for each and every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Day and Year last aforesaid, the Officer or Officers of Excise shall be and are hereby authorized and empowered, as soon as any such Charging Vessel or Reservoir as aforesaid shall be entered by any such Maker or Makers, or Refiner or Refiners as aforesaid, to guage and measure the fame, and accurately ascertain the Content or Capacity thereof, and shall and may at dl time and times examine the Fluid or Fluids or other Materials put into or found in any such Vessel or Reservoir, and make Trial by a certain Instrument or Hydrometer called Harvey's Hydrometer of the Strength of any Sea Water, Brine or other Preparation that may be found or contained therein, and take a Sample or Samples thereof for that Purpose, not exceeding Half a Gallon; and that when and so often as any such Notice shall be given by any such Maker or Makers, or Refiner or Refiners, to charge his, her or their Pan or Boiler from such Vessel or Reservoir as aforesaid, such Officer or Officers shall and may take an Account of the Quantity of Sea Water, Brine or other Preparation for making Salt contained in such Charging Vessel or Reservoir, and .make Trial by such Instrument as aforesaid of the Strength of such SeaWater, Brine or other Preparation therein; and if any such Maker or Makers, Refiner or Refiners, or other Person or Persons, shall obstruct or hinder any Officer or Officers in gauging any such Vessel or Reservoir, or in taking such Account as aforesaid, or use any Art, Means or Contrivance by which any Officer or Officers shall be hindered, obstructed or prevented in ascertaining and taking a true Gauge of any such Vessel or Reservoir, or a true Account of the Quantity of Sea Water, Brine or other Preparation which may at any time be contained in any such Charging Vessel or Reservoir, or in ascertaining by Trial the true Strength thereof as denoted by such Hydrometer as aforesaid, he, she or they shall for each and every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Dealer in, Retailer or Seller of Salt* shall make Entry at the nearest Office of Excise of his, her or their Warehouse, Storehouse, Cellar, Shop or other Place or Places in which he, she or they shall store, deposit or keep such Salt, and shall upon Demand receive from the proper Officer of Excise a Book or Books, to be prepared with proper printed Forms and Titles for the Purposes herein after mentioned, and kept by every such Dealer in, Retailer and Seller of Salt, in some public and open Part of his, her or their entered Premises; and that from and after the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, no Salt exceeding Two Bushels at any one time shall be sold, sent oftt or delivered by any such Dealer in Retailer or Seller of Salt, to any Person or Persons whatsoever, without being accompanied by a Certificate filled up and cut out progressively from the printed Forms of such Certificates contained in such Book as aforesaid, signed by such Dealer in, Retailer or Seller of Salt, felling, fending out or delivering the fame, or some Person or Persons on his, her or their Behalf, certifying the Date thereof, the Quantity of such Salt to whom fold, from whose Stock delivered, and that the Duty has been paid or secured to be paid thereon; and that the Dealer in, Retailer or Seller of Salt, felling, fending out or delivering any Salt exceeding Two Bushels as aforesaid, shall at the same time make a correspondent Entry thereof, containing the fame Particulars, in such Book as aforesaid $ and that such Book with such Entries so made therein as aforesaid shall at all times lie open and exposed in the entered Premises of such Dealer in, Retailer or Seller of Salt as aforesaid, to the Perusal of any Officer or Officers of Excise, and shall be delivered by such Dealer in Retailer or Seller of Salt as aforesaid, to any Officer or Officers of Excise upon Demand; and if any Dealer in Retailer or Seller of Salt shall refuse or neglect to make such Entry as aforesaid of all his, her or their Warehouses, Storehouses, Cellars, Shops and other Places for Storing or keeping Salt, or shall at any time obstruct or hinder any Officer or Officers of Excise from entering therein, or inspecting, surveying, weighing, or taking an Account of his, her or their Stock of Salt, or mall conceal any Part of such Salt from the Sight or View of the Officer or Officers, or shall fell, send out, or deliver any Quantity of Salt exceeding Two Bushels at any one time unaccompanied by such Certificate as aforesaid, or making such Entry in such Book as aforesaid, or shall convey away or conceal any such Book as aforesaid, or cancel, obliterate, destroy or tear out any Leaf or Leaves therefrom, or Entry or Entries therein, or shall make any false Entry or Entries therein, or shall oppose, molest, obstruct or hinder any Officer or Officers of Excise in inspecting any such Book or Books, or any such Entry or Entries therein as aforesaid, or shall at any time neglect or refuse when required, to give up to any Officer or

-.Officers

77

otherwise Notice void, and fresh Notice.

Refiner neglecting or removing or concealing Brine, &c. before Officer shall have taken a previous Account both of the Quantity and Quality,

Exception,

Penalty 50J. Officers to gauge Charging Vessel, and to take au Account of the Quantity and Quality of the Brine in the Charging Vessel. Harvey's Hydrometer.

Obstruct ing Officer,

Penalty 300l.

Salt Dealers to make Entry, and keep Account of Salt exceeding Two Bufhels fold, &c. and Salt exceeding Two Budiels to be accompauied upon Removal by a Certificate.

Book in which Account kept, open to Officer.

Dealer neglect-inc, &c. to make Entry, and otherwise offending as herein mentioned,

ys C. 49. 57° GEORGII III. A.D. 1817.

Penalty aool. Salt removing without Certificate forfeited; and Penalty of 50l.

Loaded Carriages to be removed from Salt Warehouses, and not to return again.

Carriages not having received the whole lading to be removed as herein mentioned.

[Penalty.]

Proviso for Licence from Commissioners to deliver Salt.

Descriptions of Salt which may not be removed in the lame Veil'd or Carriage with Rock Salt, See.

[Penalty.]

Officers such Book or Books u aforesaid, all and every such Dealer in Retailer or Seller of Salt, so offend* iqg, shall for every such Offence' severally forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds; and all Salt exceeding Two Buffiels, removing or removed without being accompanied by such Certificate as aforesaid, and all Salt found in the Possession of any Dealer in, or Retailer or Seller of Salt, or in any unentered Ware-house, Storehouse, Cellar, Shop or other Place of any Dealer in, or Retailer or Seller of Salt, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excite, and the Person or Persons removing, carrying or conveying the fame, or aiding or assisting therein, or in whose Custody the same shall be found, shall forfeit and lose the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XV. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as any Salt or Rock Salt shall be weighed or delivered from any Salt Mine, Salt Work, Warehouse, Storehouse or other Place, from which it is to be removed, accompanied by any Permit or Permits, the Proprietor or Proprietors of such Salt or Rock Salt shall cause the Vessel or Carriage into which such Salt or Rock Salt shall be put or delivered to be immediately drawn off and removed with such Salt or Rock Salt from such Premises, to the Distance of at lead One hundred Yards from any other Salt Work, Warehouse or Storehouse, and not again to return thereto with such Salt or Rock Salt or any Part thereof on board; and if the whole Quantity of Salt or Rock Salt intended to be put into such Vessel or Carriage, shall not be delivered therein within the Hours allowed by Law for the Removal of Salt from any Warehouse, the Proprietor or Proprietors of such Salt or Rock Salt shall, at the Expiration of such lawful Hours, cause such Vessel or Carriage so in Part loaded to be drawn off and removed, with the Salt or Rock Salt therein, to such Distance as aforesaid, and to continue and remain so Removed to such Distance as aforesaid until the Commencement of such lawful Hours on the following Morning, upon Pain of forfeiting all the Salt or Rock Salt so delivered as aforesaid, and Double the Amount of the Duties thereon; and such Salt or Rock Salt shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise: Provided always, that if at any time it shall be made to appear, to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of Excise, that from the peculiar Situation or Construction of any such Salt Mine, Salt Work, Warehouse, Storehouse or other Place, the Salt or Rock Salt can be delivered therefrom, with sufficient Security to the Revenue arising from the Duties upon Salt, without any such Removal as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Commissioners to grant their Leave and Licence for the Salt or Rock Salp to be delivered therefrom without any such Removal as aforesaid, upon such Conditions as they may in that Behalf prescribe.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Rock Salt to be removed in any Flat, Barge, Boat, or other Vessel, or in any Waggon, Cart or other Carriage, in which any Salt shall be put or laid, except as herein after mentioned: Provided always, that no Crushed Rock Salt or Crushed Salt, commonly called or known by the Name or Description of Fufed or Solid Salt, or Coloured or Dyed Salt, delivered Duty free for the Use of the Fisheries, shall after the Month of April in the Year One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, be removed in any Flat, Barge, Boat or other Vessel, or in any Waggon, Cart or other Carriage, in which any Salt of any other Description, or uncruffied Rock Salt, shall be put or laid; and that no White Salt delivered Duty free for the Use of the Fisheries shall be removed in any Flat, Barge, Boat or other Vessel, or in any Waggon, Cart or other Carriage, in which any Salt for any other Purpose, after the Month and Year last aforesaid, or of any other Description, or Rock Salt shall be put or laid; and that no Salt delivered Duty free for any Purpose whatsoever shall be removed in any Flat, Barge, Boat or other Vessel, or in any Waggon, Cart or other Carriage, in which any Salt Duty paid for Home Consumption shall be put or laid, on Pain of forfeiting all the Salt or Rock Salt so found removing contrary to the Directions of this Act 5 and the fame, together with the Package containing any such Salt or Rock Salt respectively, and the Boat, Barge or other Vessel containing the fame, shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise.

Request Notes,

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the Request Note to be made and delivered according to the Di-Permits and rectiona of the said Act, for a Permit for the Removal of any Salt or Cruffied Rock Salt for the Use of the fh?diffe0reentPref* Fisheries> shall» in addition to the Particulars required by the said Act of the Thirty-eighth Year aforesaid, Descript[ons and Pec*fy whether the fame be White Salt, or Coloured or Dyed Salt, or Cruffied Salt, commonly called or Quantities or known by the Name or Description of Fufed or Solid Salt, or Cruffied Rock Salt, and the Weight or Quality

Weights of Salt, and Condition of each respectively; and all and every Permit to be granted, and Bond to be given, for the

Removal of any Salt or Cruffied Rock Salt for the Use of the Fisheries, shall, in addition to the Particulars required by the said Act, express the Quantity or Weight of White Salt, or Coloured or Dyed Salt, or Cruffied Salt, commonly called or known by the Name or Description of Fufed or Solid Salt, or Cruffied Rock Salt, to be removed or sent away; and if any Coloured or Dyed Salt, or Cruffied Salt, commonly called or known by the Name or Description of Fufed or Solid Salt, or Cruffied Rock Salt be removed or sent away without such Request Note and Permit respectively, specifying such Particulars as aforesaid, the same shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise.

XVIII. And Whereas by the said Act, made in the Thirty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, all and every Matter or Commander of any Ship or Vessel, in or on board of which any Salt or

Rock Salt shall be carried or transported or conveyed from One Port or Place in Great Britain to another

Part thereof, shall, before he shall begin to unffiip or land any Part of the Salt or Rock Salt in or on board

of such Ship or Vessel, produce to and leave with the proper Officer of Excise who shall be appointed or

employed to receive the same, a true and authentic Permit, or true and authentic Permits, for such Salt 'or

Rock Salt, and shall make Oath before such proper Officer of Excise, that to the best of his Knowledge

and Belief no Salt or Rock Salt hath been laid on board of, or put or taken into his Ship or Vessel fmee ' (he departed or failed from the Port or Place at which the Salt or Rock Salt mentioned in such Permit or Permits

in addition to Particulars required by 38 G. 3. c. 89.

38 G. 3. c. 89. §«3-

A.D. 1817.

57° GEORGII III.

C. 49.

79

Permits was shipped, and that he verily believes no Salt or Rock Salt whatsoever hath been laid on board,

or put or taken into such Ship or Vessel, fare and except such as is mentioned and specified in the Permit or Permits, then and at the time of making such Oath produced to and left with, such Officer as aforesaid; Master or Com*

which Oath has been found inefficient for the good Purposes thereby intended Be it further enacted, mander of Vef-That all and every such Matter or Commander shall in every such case as aforesaid, before he shall begin to, I*1* {*for* bnd-unship, land or transtiip any Part of the Salt or Rock Salt, in or on board of any such Ship or Vessel, make Oath th^no* further Oath before such Officer of Excise as aforesaid (which Oath such Officer is hereby authorized and p^lt 0ffuch empowered to administer), that to the bed of his Knowledge and Belief no Salt or Rock Salt shipped or Sait has been taken on boarcf of such Ship or Vessel has been unshipped, transhipped, removed, or taken out of such Ship or removed or Vessel, from the time such Salt or Rock Salt or any Part thereof, was taken on board of such Ship or Vessel,

except so much as has been delivered under Permit first given by some Officer or Officers of Excise, and in his jJJyV y Presence, or except in case of some inevitable Accident or Necessity, to be dated by such Matter or Com- age> 8

mander in such Oath; and that no Water or other Liquid or Material has been put or thrown into or amongst Exception, the Salt in such Vessel, or any Part thereof; and if any such Matter or Commander shall refuse or neglect to Neglecting.fcc.to make such further Oath as aforesaid, or shall put or cause or suffer to be put any Water or other Liquid or such Oath,

Materia] into or amongst any such Salt, he shall forfeit and lose the Sum of Fifty Pounds. Penalty 50l.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That if there shall be delivered out of any Ship, Flat, Boat, Barge or Vessels deliver-other Vessel used or employed for carrying or removing Sait or Rock Salt, delivered Duty free on her Arrival at the Place of her Destination, a less Quantity of Salt or Rock Salt than was respectively loaded on Cargow^SaU board thereof for any such Removal as aforesaid, the Matter or other Person commanding such Ship, Flat, to be detained Boat, Barge or other Vessel, shall forthwith pay to the nearest Collector of Excise the full Amount of the until Duty be Duty of Fifteen Shillings for every Bushel of the Salt or Rock Salt respectively so deficient, and so in propor- Pa, d uP°n the tion for any less Quantity 5 and such Ship, Flat, Boat, Barge or other Vessel shall and may be seized and de*»

tained by any Officer of Customs or Excise in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland until the D*"1cee* ° fame shall be paid, and also all Expenses attending or occasioned by such Seizure and Detention: Provided proviso for cer-always, that no such Duty shall be demanded or paid, or any such Detention be made for any Quantity of tain case* in Salt or Rock Salt so deficient as aforesaid, in cases entitled to Relief under the Provisions of this Act 5 and 7h, eh such Buty provided that no such Detention shall be made of any Flat, Boat, Barge or other Vessel removing Salt or Rock " de*

Salt from the Salt Mines or Salt Works in the Counties of Chester or Lancaster to Liverpool man e*C'

XX. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where any Salt or Rock Salt shall or may be shipped Where Salt without Payment of Duty, upon Bond, to be removed or carried Coastwise, or from Great Britain to Ireland, Japped

or the Islands of Kxuemfey, Jerfejy Sark, Alderney or Man, which Bonds, by the Laws now in force, are re- Cerrifi-

[Proviso.]

spectively to be discharged upon the Production of a Certificate from the proper Officer or Officers at the Port Cates for Dif-or Place to which such Salt or Rock Salt shall be sent or removed, of the due Delivery or Receipt and weigh- charge of Bonds ing out of such Salt or Rock Salt according to the Condition of each such Bond respectively, a Duplicate of to be transmitted such Certificate shall be, immediately on the Delivery or Receipt and weighing out of such Salt or Rock Salt, ^om ^cc*. transmitted by Pott by the Offiqpr or Officers who is or are by Law to grant the same to the Officer with ^officerswith* whom such respective Bond is lodged, and who is authorized to discharge and cancel such Bond, and such wjlom Bond Officers Officers, upon the Receipt of such Duplicate Certificate, and upon Payment to him by the Obligor lodged; who or Obligors of such Bond, his, her or their Agent, of all Expenses of Pottages, or otherwise occasioned upon Receipt of thereby, shall discharge and cancel such Bond: Provided always, that such Bond shall not be cancelled unless p»l>*icat« £ertl* the Certificate so received be for the whole Quantity of Salt or Rock Salt for which such Bond shall have memofExpenc" s b€«n given, but such Certificate shall be taken and received for so much Salt or Rock Salt only as shall be is to cancel such therein respectively expressed in Words at Length to have been delivered, received and weighed out according Bond, to the Condition of such Bond.

XXI. And Whereas it is expedient to repeal the several Duties of Customs imposed on Foreign Salt imported into Great Britain by any Law or Laws now in force, and to impose other Duties of Excise in lieu

thereof; Be it therefore enacted, That all and every such Duty and Duties of Customs imposed on Foreign Duties on To-'Salt imported into Great ErVarn, by any Act or Act in force at or immediately before the passing of this reign Salt im-A#, shall be and the fame is and are hereby repealed, save and except in all cases relating to the recovering, ported, repealed, allowing or paying any Arrears thereof respectively which may at that time remain unpaid, or to any Fine, Pe-or Forfeiture, Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures relating thereto respectively, which shall have been incurred at any time before or at the passing of this Act.

XXII. Apd Whereas it is enacted by the said Act, made in the Thirty eighth Year of His present 0.3. c. 89.

Majesty's Reign, that it shall and may be lawful to and for any known Fish Curer or Fish Curers to import §12.

and lodge in his, her or their entered Warehouses, free of the Duty by that Act imposed for or in respect of Foreign Salt, and for the sole Purpose of curing and preserving Fish, any Quantity of Foreign Salt, not less than Fifty Bushels at one time, upon the Terms and Conditions, and under, subject and according to the several Rules, Regulations, Restrictions and Provisions thereinafter provided and established for or in respect of British Salt, sent or delivered to Fish Curers free of Duty, for the Purpose of curing and preservi»g Fish 5 provided that such Foreign Salt so to be employed and consumed in curing and preserving Fish should be duly and fairly entered with the proper Collector of Excise upon the Importation thereof, and weighed and transhipped, or weighed and landed and warehoused, as the case may require, in the Presence and with the Concurrence of the proper Officer of Excise at the Port of Importation: And whereas it is expedient that Foreign Salt so imported for the sole Purpose of curing and preserving Fish should be subject

4 to a fjnall Duty of ExcHe to be paid and payable for the fame in lieu of the Customs Duties hereby repeal- Foreign Salt imed, and which have heretofore been payable and paid for the same Be it therefore enacted, That from and ported for the

after

&p C. 49. 57° GEORGII III. A.D. 1817.

sole Purpose of after the passing of this Act, in lieu and instead of the Duties of Customs by this Act repealed, there shall be curing Fifo, to raised, levied, collected and paid, unto His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, the Rate and Duty of Excise Par Per herein after mentioned; that is to say, for every Bushel of Foreign Salt of Fifty six Pounds Weight which Bushe xci e shall be imported from beyond the Seas into Great Britain, for the sole Purpose 01 curing and preferring Fish, Such Foreign Three pence to be paid by the Importer before the landing thereof: Provided always, that all such Foreign Salt to be im- Salt shall be imported, warehoused, used, applied and accounted for upon the several Terms and Conditions, ported subject to and under and subject to the several Rules, Regulations, Restrictions and Provisions hereinbefore recited, and the recited Re- such a8 may be provided and established by Law, for or in respect of White Salt sent or delivered to or for ri iop5. use of FHh Curers, free of Duty, for the Purpose of curing and preferring Fish.

XXIII. And Whereas it is expedient that the Duties and Drawbacks of Excise now payable in respect of Mineral Alkali, or Flux for Glass made in Great Britain, should be repealed, and that another Duty of Duties and«Excise should be imposed in respect thereof Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the Fifth Day Drawbackaof of ju\y One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, the several Duties of Excise now payable by Law in wl Alkali or "*" Mineral Alkali or Flux for Glass made in Great Britain shall cease and determine, and be no longer

Flux for Glass or payable, save and except in all cases relating to the recovering, allowing or paying any Arrears thereof

made in G. B. respectively which may at that time remain unpaid, or to any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, Fines, Penalties or repealed; Forfeitures relating thereto respectively, which shall have been incurred at any time before or on the said Fifth

Day of July One thousand eight hundred and seventeen. and instead of

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight the said Dudes, hundred and seventeen, in lieu and instead of the Duties 011 Mineral Alkali or Flux for Glas9 by this Act aDury°f3os. repealed, there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid, unto His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, the* on* Rate and Duty of Excise herein after mentioned; that is to say, for every Ton of all Mineral Alkali called Soda,

or by whatever other Name or Names the fame is or hereafter may be known or called, made in Great Britain, or made in Ireland, and imported from thence into Great Britain, from whatever Materials or Ingredient* the fame may be made or extracted, Thirty Shillings.

Suhstancesde-

XXV. And for avoiding Disputes as to what Suostances shall be liable to such Duty, be it further enacted, icribed liable to That the said Duty shall attach and be paid upon all such Alkali as aforesaid, and upon all Substances, Mate-the Alkali Duty; an(j Preparations containing such Alkali, and which are or shall be employed or made for use in any Manufacture or Manufactures for or on account of any Alkali therein contained: Provided always, that all Black Allies or Materials made at any entered Alkali Work, and used by or sold or delivered to any Soap Maker for making Soap, and containing not more than Ten per Centum of such Alkali, to be ascertained by If fold. See. an average Sample taken for that Purpose by the Surveying Officer, may be so used or sold*or delivered at or from entered from such entered Works, without Payment of the Duty hereby imposed; and that if any such Ashes or Works without Materials shall be so used, fold or delivered without Payment of Duty, which shall contain more than Ten per Dut^SccCentum of such Alkali, all such Materials shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Secure and Officers of Excise, and the Person or Persons removing, using, felling, or delivering the same shall forfeit and

Penalty iool. lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds. 9

Alkali Makers

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons, before he, she or they shall pre-to make Entry fume to begin to make or manufacture any Mineral Alkali, commonly called or distinguished or known by the of their Works. Description of Soda, or any Substance, Material or Preparation containing such Alkali, and which are or shall be employed or made for Use in any Manufacture or Manufactures for or on account of any Alkali therein contained, shall from time to time make true and particular Entry in Writing of every Workhouse, Warehouse, Storehouse, Room and other Place, and also of every Utensil and Vessel by him, her or them respectively intended to be made use of in or for the making or keeping of such Alkali, or any Materials proper to be made into such Alkali, at the Office of Excise within the Compass or Limits whereof such Work-Penalty 100L house, Warehouse, Storehouse, Room, and other Place respectively shall be situate; and if any such Person and Forfeiture or Persons shall begin to make any such Alkali without first making such Entry, he, she or they shall for of the Alkali, &c. every such Offence forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds, together with all such Alkali, and all the Materials proper to be made into such Alkali, and all the Utensils and Vessels used in making the same which shall any time be found in any Workhouse, Warehouse, Storehouse, Room or other Place used in or for the making or keeping of such Alkali whereof no such Entry shall be made.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act shall extend or be construed to extend to the Manufacture of Kelp made in any Part of Great Britain, by the Incineration of Marine Plants.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Maker or Manufacturer of Soda or any Alkaline Preparation containing Soda according to the Directions mentioned or prescribed in or by the Pharmacopeias of the Royal College of Physicians of London, Edinburgh or Dublin, not exceeding Ten hundred Weight in any Quarter of a Year, shall, with respect to such Soda or Alkaline Preparations, be subject to the ordinary periodical Surveys of the Officers of Excise, or to the several Regulations on the time and manner of making Alkali, contained in this or in any other Act or Acts of Parliament relating thereto, provided such. Maker or Manufacturer shall make due Entry of his Works, and shall on or within Ten Days after the Fifth Day of January, the Fifth Day of Aprils the Fifth Day of July, and the Tenth Day of October respectively, in every Year, make a Return in Writing to the Commissioners of Excise, at the Chief Office of Excise in London or Edinburgh respectively, or to the Collector of Excise in whose Collection his, her or their entered Works shall be situate, of the whole Quantity of Soda and Alkaline Preparations containing Soda sold by him, 'her or them in the Quarter of the Year preceding, and verify the fame by the Oath or Affirmation of him, her or them, or of his, her or their Foreman or Manager (which Oath and Affirmation the said Commissioners and ColledQrs are hereby respectively empowered to administer), and shall thereupon pay to such Commissioners

13 or

Proviso for Kelp made in G.B.

Makers of Alkaline Preparations containing Soda as herein described not liable to the Survey of Officers of Excise, on certain Conditions.

A.D. 1817.

57° GEORGII III. C. 49.

81

or Collectors as aforesaid the full Duty on the Quantity of such Soda and Alkaline Preparat^ns as aforesaid mentioned in such Account, and according to the Rate aforesaid,

i XXIX. And Whereas by an Act made in the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, 47 0.3. SeflT.t.

intituled An Act to amend federal Laws of Exctfe in Great Britain relating to the Duties on Salty Soap, c*3°- §5-€ Papery Coffee, Cocoa Nuts, Spirits and Glass, and for restoring Seizures in certain cases, Sixpence of the

Duty of Excise of Two Shillings and Sixpence for every Hundred Weight of salted Beef or Pork, or of

Bacon brought by Land from Scotland to England, granted by an Act made in the Forty third Year of the 43 G.j. c 69.

Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to repeal the Duties of Excise payable in Great Britain, and

to grant other Duties in lieu thereof \ was from and after the Tenth Day of 0Sober One thousand eight hundred and seven repealed: And Whereas it is expedient that the said Duty should be reduced to One Shilling

and Sixpence per Hundred Weight* Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the Fifth Day of July Salted Beef, One thousand eight hundred and Seventeen, Sixpence more of the said Duty df Two Shillings and Sixpence .1>oric Jfj0", for every Hundred Weight of salted Beef or Pork or of Bacon brought by Land from Scotland to England, f^Jfsco^ndto granted by the said Act made in the Forty third Year of the Reign aforesaid, shall cease and determine, save England subject and except as to any Arrears thereof; and that from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight to a Duty of only and seventeen the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence only of the said Duty shall be paid or payable upon and xi.6d.ptr Cwt. for every Hundred Weight of salted Beef, Pork or Bacon so brought as aforesaid.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That such of the Duties by this Act imposed as shall arise in that Part Duties under of Great Britain called England shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise in England Coramifliooei* for the time being; and such thereof as shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland shall be under Excise* the Management of the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland for the time being.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies arising from the Duties by this Act imposed (the Duties carried to necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the fame excepted) shall from time to time be paid into the Consolidaced Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at Wfflminfer, and shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fun

Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That the said several Duties shall be respectively raised, levied, col- Duties how to lected, recovered and paid in such and the like manner, and in or by any of the general or special Means,* k*ed. Ways or Methods by which the Duties of Excise on Salt and Mineral Alkali respectively are or were or

might be raised, collected, recovered and paid 5 and the said Person's Goods, Wares, Merchandize or Commodities so by this Act respectively made liable to the Payment of or chargeable with the said Duties respectively imposed, shall be and the same are hereby made subject and liable to all and every the Conditions,

Regulations, Rules, Restrictions and Forfeitures to which the Makers or Refiners of Salt and Rock Salt, and Makers of Mineral Alkali respectively, and the Materials for making the same, are or shall be generally or specially subject and liable; and all and every Pain, Penalty, Fine, or Forfeiture of any Nature or Kina To whit Penal, whatever, for any Offence whatever committed against or in Breach of any Act or Acts of Parliament for tie*ire securing the Revenue of Excise on Salt and Mineral Alkali respectively, or other Duties under the Manage- j£n£v^"owto ment of the said Commissioners of Excise respectively, or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof, and the several Clauses, Powers and Directions therein contained, shall and are hereby directed and declared to extend to, and shall be respectively applied, praAifed and put in Execution for and in respect of the said several Duties of Excise respectively hereby charged and imposed, in as full and ample manner to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever as if all and every the said Acts, Clauses, Provisions, Powers, Directions, Fines,

Pains, Penalties or Forfeitures were particularly repeated and reenacted in the Body of this Act.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Cruftied Rock Salt delivered from any Salt Mine or What Crushed Salt Pit for Exportation, upon the low Duty of One Penny for every Bushel thereof, shall upon its Arrival Rotk S*

at the Port of Exportation be entered for Exportation to Newfoundland, the Gulf of Saint Lawrencey or the Isle of Many for the Use of the Fisheries, and Oath shall be then and there taken by the Exporter thereof foJJnittand*7" that such Rock Salt is intended to be exported to Newfoundland, the Gulf of Saint Lawrencey or the Isle or the (lie of of Man respectively, for such Purpose only, (which Oath the CoUeAor of Excise of such Port is hereby Man, for the authorized to administer, ) the Officer of Excise granting a Certificate for the Discharge of the Bond given Use of the for the Removal of such Cruftied Rock Salt to such Port, and for the Shipment thereof for Exportation, ^Duty*

/hall specify in such Certificate such Entry and Oath as aforesaid, whereupon the Proprietor or Proprietors Certificate what

of the Salt Mine or Pit from which such Cruftied Rock Salt shall have been delivered as aforesaid, shall be to specify.

wholly freed and discharged from the Payment of the said low Duty of One Penny for every Bushel of such

Cruftied Rock Salt as shall be so shipped and exported to Newfoundland, the Gulf of Saint Lawrencey or Undse Eiporti-

the Isle of Many for fqch Purposes as aforesaid 5 and if any such Cruftied Rock Salt, of which such Entry tion.

and Oath shall be so made as aforesaid, shall not be exported as aforesaid, or shall be exported to any other

Port or Place, or used or employed for any other Purpose than as aforesaid, the same shall be forfeited, and Penalty.

/ball and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise; and the Person or Persons in such case offending shall for each and every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XXXIV. And Whereas by the said Act made in the Thirty eighth Year of the Reign of His present 38 G. 3. c. 89.

Majesty, any Fish Curer or Fish Curers, who, under and according to the Directions contained in that S 99*

AA, shall have received into his, her or their Custody or Possession any Salt free of Duty for the Purpose of curing and preferring Fish, may deliver any Part thereof into the Custodj or Possession of any other known and entered Fish Curer under the Terms and Conditions mentioned in the said Act: And

Whereas it is expedient to repeal the said recited Provision in the said Act; Be it therefore enacted, 'Hut repeated, from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and seventeen the said last recited Provisionf the said Act shall be and the lame is hereby repealed 5 and that from and after the said Fifth Day of July NoFHh Cum 57 GEO. III. M o' to fells* or

82

Mirer any Part

of his Stock of Salt or Rock Salt received Duty free to any other FifeCurer. Exception. Penalty 100L

Entered FHh Curers felling, fending out, transferring or delivering Salt or Rock Salt to other entered Fdh Curers, to deliver a' Certificate, end enter the Particulars in the Book to he kept upon the PretnHen

Fife Curer to wham such Salt delivered to enter the Day and Hour when received.

Such Book to be open to Officer.

Concealing or cancelling, &c. such Book, or opposing Officer, &c.

Penalty root Removing Salt without Certificate, &c*

Salt Carriages, &c. forfeited, and Penalty tool.

Coloured and Crufeed Salt may be delivered to Fife Curers.

Exception.

Such Salt to ke approved by Officer.

Provilb for Entry to be made ky Fife Curer.

C. 49. 57° GEORGII III. A.D. 1817.

One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, no Fish Curer or Fish Curers shall fell mr deliver Salt or Rock Salt for Home Trade or Consumption, or shall fell, exchange, transfer or deliver, or cause or suffer to be sold, exchanged, transferred or delivered, any Part of hist her or their Stock of Sait or Rock Salt received Duty free for curing and preserving Fish, to any other Fish Curer or Fish Curers, except as herein after mentioned, or to any other Person or Persons whatsoever, upon any Consideration or Pretence whatever, upon Pain of forfeiting for each and every such Offence the Sum of One hundred Pounds 5 any thing in any other Act or Acts to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That there shall be delivered by the proper Officer of Excise, to all and every entered Fish Curer and Fish Curers, a Book or Books to be prepared with proper printed Forms and Titles for the Purposes herein after mentioned, and kept by every such entered Fish Curer and Fish Curers in some public and open Part of his, her or their entered Premises; and that from and after <he Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, it shall and may be lawful for all and every entered Fish Curer and Fish Curers to fell, transfer or deliver over to any other entered Fish Curer and Fish Curers all or any Part of his, her or their Stock of Salt or Rock Salt received Duty free for curing Fish 5 provided that no such Salt or Rock Salt shall be sold, sent out, transferred, delivered or exchanged by any such Fish JCurer or Fish Curers, to or with any other entered Fish Curer or Fish Curers, without being accompanied by a Certificate filled up and cut out progressively from the printed Forms for such Certificates contained in such Book as aforesaid, signed by such entered Fish Curer fending out or delivering the fame, or some Person on his, her or their Behalf, certifying the Day and Hour of such fending out, the Quantity and Quality of such Salt or Rock Salt, from what Place and from whose Stock, and to what Place and to whole Stock the fame is sent, and by what Mode of Conveyance; and that such Certificate shall be delivered with such Salt or Rock Salt to the Fish Curer or Fish Cqrers, and at the Place to which such Salt or Rock Salt is in such Certificate mentoned to be sent; and that the entered Fish Curer or Fish Curers felling, fending out, transferring or delivering any such Salt or Rock Salt as aforesaid, shall at the same time make a correspondent Entry thereof, containing the fame Particulars, in such Book as aforesaid; and that the Fish Curer or Fish Curers to whom such Salt or Rock Salt shall be sent and delivered as aforesaid, shall enter in the daily Account required by this Act to be kept by every Fish Curer, and on the said Certificate, the Day and Hour when such Salt or Rock Salt was received by him, her or them, into his, her or their Stock, at the Place mentioned in such Certificate, and shall deliver such Certificate to his, her or their surveying Officer, on his next Survey of his, her or their Premises 5 and that every such Book, with such Entries so made therein as aforesaid, shall at all times be open and exposed in the entered Premises of every Fish Curer- and Fish Curers as aforesaid to the Ferafal and Examination of any Officer or Officers of Excise surveying the said Premises, and shall be delivered by every such Fish Curer and FHh Curers to any Officer or Officers of Excise upon Demand; and if any such Fish Curer or Fish Curers as aforesaid shall at any time fell, send out, transfer, deliver or exchange any Salt or Rock Sah to any other entered Fish Curer or Fiffi Curers as aforesaid, without fending therewith and delivering such Certificate as aforesaid, and making such Entry in such Book as aforesaid, or shall convey away or conceal any such Book or Books, or cancel, obliterate, alter, destroy or tear out any Leaf or Leaves therefrom, or Entry or Entries therein, or make any false Entry or Entries therein, or shall oppose, molest, obstruct or hinder any Officer or Officers of Excise in inspecting or examining any such Book or any such Entry or Entries therein as aforesaid, or shall at any time neglect or refuse when required to give up to any Officer or Officers such Book or Books as aforesaid, all and every such entered Fish Curer or Fish Curers as aforesaid so offending shall For every such Offence feverafly forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds; and if any such Salt or Rock Salt be found removing or removed without such Entry or Certificate as aforesaid, or not corresponding in Weight, Quantity, Quality and Description with the fame, or is a different manner or in a different Course or Direction than directly from and to the respective Stocks mentioned in such Certificate accompanying the fame, all such Salt or Rock Salt, together with the Vessels, Carriages and Cattle made use of in the removing or conveying the same shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise 5 and the Person or Persons offending, or in whose Custody or Possession such Salt or Rock Salt shall be found, shall for each and every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XXXVI. And be it Further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Maker or Makers of Salt, Refiner or Refiners of Rock Salt, or Proprietor or Proprietors of any Salt Work, to deliver from and out of his, her or their Warehouse, Storehouse, Loft or other Place belonging and adjoining to any Salt Work, any Quantity of Coloured xnr Dyed Salt, and Crushed Salt, commonly called or known by the Name or Description of Fufed or Solid Salt, or for any Proprietor or Proprietors of any Salt Mine or Salt Pit to deliver from and out of his, her or their Mine or Pit any Crushed Rock Salt for the Use of the British Fisheries, to be removed, carried, conveyed and delivered to any Fish Curer, under such Bonds, and under and subject to all and every such Provisions and Regulations as are prescribed, provided and contained in the said several Acts now in force, or any of them, with respect to Salt delivered by such Person or Persons for the Use of the Fisheries, except so for as the fame may be specially altered by this Act: Provided always, that no such Coloured or Dyed Salt, or Crushed, Fufed or Solid Sah, or Crushed Rock Salt, shall be delivered as aforesaid, except such only as shall be approved of for that Purpose in Writing by the proper Officer of Excise of the Division or District from which the same shall be delivered and removed as aforesaid, who shall be appointed by the Commissioners of Excise to inspect such Salt and Rock Salt respectively; and provided that no Crushed Rock Salt, Crushed, Fufed or Solid Salt, or Coloured or Dyed Salt, shall be delivered to any Fish Curer after the Month of April One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, who shall not make Entry to use Coloured or Dyed Salt, and Crushed, Fufed or Solid Salt, and Crushed Rock Salt only, for curing and

preserving

A.D. 1817.

57 GEORGII III.

G49.

83

preferring Fish, or shall after the time last aforesaid have any Duty-free White Sak ia hit, her or their Custody or Possession for that Purpose.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That every Bnfhel of Crulhed Rock Salt delivered Duty-free Hiatt Bo&tlvf Croft-

con fist of Fifty six Pounds Weight Only. ed Rock S*k

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Refiner or Refiners 56U* -

of Rock Salt, redding at or near any Place situate upon or near any of the Sea Coastt of Great Britaiot and b*

not being within the said Counties of Chester or Lencafhr respectively, to provide or erect and makefe of Refaer* for*a Warehouse or Warehouses, Storehouse or Storehouses, situate not less than One hundred Yards from his, keeping Crofted her or their Refiitery or Refineries, and the Warehouse and Warehouses and Cellars thereunto belonging, for Rock Salt not the Purpose of laying, storing or keeping therein Crushed Rock Sah delivered Duty free, and intended for left than 100 the Use of the British Fishenes, and to receive and lay such Crnshed Rock Salt therein, and from time to fi^e^and they time to fell and deliver the fame or any Part thereof to any entered Fish Curer or Fish Curers only for curing maeyu such Salt Fish: Provided always, that every such Warehouse or Warehouses, Storehouse or Storehouses, shall be fob- to Fish Curers. stantially and Securely built or constructed; and that no such Warehouse or Warehouses, or Stonehouseor Regulations as 10 Storehouses, shall have more than One Door or Entrance into the fame, nor any Chimney therein, or any Built, Doors, Window or other opening, except such Door as aforesaid, within Six Feet of any Part of the Ground 5 Chimneys, Wiu-and that there be no Communication between such Warehouse or Warehouses, Storehouse or Storehouses,

and any other Building or Place whatever: Provided also, that no such Warehouse or Warehouses, Store- h0UfMj house or Storehouses mall be made use of for the laying, storing or keeping (at one and the same time) of any Salt or Rock Salt, except Crulhed Rock Salt for the Use of the Brittlb Fisheries, nor any such Rock Salt, until Entry in Writing of such Warehouse or Warehouses, Storehouse or Storehouses shall have been fab

made at the next Office of Excise, by the Owner or Owners, or Proprietor or Proprietors thereof, and such Warehouse, &t. Warehouse or Warehouses, Storehouse or Storehouses, shall have been first approved of in Writing by and under the Hand of the Supervisor of Excise of the District in which such Warehouse or Warehouses, Storehouse or Storehouses shall be situate; and that such Crushed Rock Salt shall be received by such Proprietor Such Crofted or Proprietors of such Warehouse or Warehouses, Storehouse or Storehouses, under the like Bond or Secu- Rock Salt liable rity, and received, fold, or delivered as aforesaid under the like Regulations and Conditions, and subject to to ReguTations the like Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures in all RespedU, as in this or any other Act or Acts not herein ex-f CD- -pressly altered is or are contained and directed for or on Behalf of Salt received or delivered, fold or trans- lion*terred, by any Fish Curer for curing Fife, or by one Fish Curer to another Fish Cnrer; and if any such Lodging such Rock Salt delivered for the Use of the Fisheries, to be laid, stored or kept in any such Warehouse or Ware- Salt in W*rt-houses, Storehouse Or Storehouses as aforesaid, shall be lodged and deposited in any such Warehouse or Ware- house* not house*, Storehouse or Storehouses, of which such Entry mail not have been previously made as aforesaid, or enteir*h which shall not have been previously approved of in Writing by and under the Hand of the Supervisor of 'Excise of the Distridfc in which the same shall be situate, and not afterwards disapproved of by such Super-visor, all such Rock Salt so lodged and deposited as aforesaid, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be feixed Such Sak way by any Officer or Officers of Excise, any think in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding 5 and b« feixed. if any Proprietor or Proprietors of any such Warehouse or Warehouses, Storehouse or Storehouses, or Cellar Owner of Ware-or Cellars shall fell, exchange, transfer, deliver, consume or employ any Part of the Crushed Rock Sah sent to be lodged in any such Warehouse or Warehouses, Storehouse or Storehouses, or lodged or deposited therein p^r^J> for such Purpose as aforesaid, for any other or different Purpose or manner than as aforesaid, he, she or they shall for every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds. Penalty aool

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That no Fish Curer or Fish Curers who shall at any time after the Fife Curers ie-Month of April One thousand eight hundred and nineteen receive, have or take into his, her or their Custody ceiving White or Possession any White Salt delivered Duty free for curing or preserving Fish, shall have, receive or take iato Sa, t Putypfr*5* his, her or their Custody or Possession any British Coloured or Dyed Salt, or any Crushed Salt, called or ^re^deferi^d! known by the Name or Description of Fufed or Solid Salt, or any Crushed Rock Salt; and if any Fish who shall be Curer or Fish Corns who shall at any time after the time last aforesaid receive, have or take into his, her or found with Co-

J--r* /r rr - «ri?* °* J.r r*r. loured OF Crust-

their Custody or Possession any White Sah delivered Duty free for curing or preserving Fish; or it any other Person or Persons, not making Entry and giving Bond as hereinbefore mentioned for any such Ware-house as aforesaid, or not being a Fish Curer or Fish Curers, and making Entry and giving Bond as herein after gjyi^Bond for mentioned for the Receipt and Use of Coloured or Dyed Salt, or Crushed Salt, called or known by the Warehcmfc, Ire. Name or Description of Fufed or Solid Salt, or Crulhed Rock Salt for curing and preserving Fish, or not being a Glass Maker, or Maker of oxygenated Muriatic Acid, or Oxymuriate of Lime, shall have, receive, or take into his, her, or their Custody or Possession any British Coloured or Dyed Sait, or any Crushed Salt called or known by the Name or Description of Fufed or Solid Salt, or any Crushed Rock Salt (not being delivered and shipped for and in the Course of Exportation), all such Salt or Rock Salt respectively shall be forfeited, and shall and may be Seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise; and such Fish Corer or Fish Curers, or other Person or Persons as aforesaid, shall for each and every such Offence forfeit and lqfe the Penalty 500I Sum of Five hundred Pounds: Provided always, that in the Month of May One thousand eight hundred and Curtn eighteen, and in the Month of May One thousand eight hundred and nineteen respectively, all and every Fish h*ving previous Curer and Fish Curers who shall have in the Year and before the Month of April preceding received or used ceding^eceired both Coloured or Dyed, or Crnshed, Fufed, or Rock Salt, and also White Salt, shall account for all &c. Coloured, Dyed or Coloured Salt, and all Cnrihed, Fnfed, or Rock Salt received in the preceding Year, under the &c. Salt, to ae-sawe Rules, Restrictions, Regulations and Allowances as are provided by Law with respect to White Salt count in May delivered Duty free for the Fisheries. i8j* and 1819.

M a XL. And

FiOi Curers who have entered Premises for Coloured Salt or Cruftied Rock Salt, and given Bond, to account in manner herein mentioned.

may receive Coloured, &c. Salt free from farther Account as herein mentioned.

Proviso where treble Amount of Duty is equal to Amount of Penalty in Bond.

Such Fish Curers to render au Account in May in every Year, of the whole Quantity of Coloured Salt or Crushed Rock Salt in Hand, and employed in curing Fish.

What such Account is to contain.

Account verified on Oath.

Valfe Account, &c.

[Penalty.]

Fish wholly cured, or cured and repacked for Exportation remaining on Hand, when the annual Account is rendered, to be transferred with the Allowance of the Salt to the next Year's Account, provided Accounts be made

C. 49. 57° GEORGII III. A.D. 1817.

XL. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Fish Curer or Fish Curers who shall make Entry of his, her or their Premises for the Receipt of only British Coloured or Dyed Salt, or Crushed Salt, called or known by the Name or Description of Fufed or Solid Salt, or Crushed Rock Salt, for curing and preferring Fish, and who shall give Bond or Security, to be approved of by the Commissioners of Excise, or the Person or Persons who shall be appointed or employed by them for that Purpose, in Treble the Value of the Duty of all such Salt or Rock Salt which he, she or they shall then intend to receive, or have in hig, her or their Custody or Possession in the Year ensuing the giving of such Bond or Security, that he, she or they will not receive into his, her or their Custody or Possession, or upon his, her or their entered Premises, or use for the Cure and Preservation of Fish any White Salt, and that all the Coloured or Dyed Salt, or Crushed Salt, called or known by the Name or Description of Fufed or Solid Salt, or Cruftied Rock Salt, which he, she or they shall receive, shall be really and truly employed, spent and consumed by him, her or them in curing and preserving Fish, and that no Part of such Salt or Rock Salt shall be employed, used or disposed of in any other manner or for any other Purpose, or fold, exchanged, transferred or delivered to any other Fish Curer or Fish Curers, except in manner herein mentioned, or to any other Person or Persons, or removed from his, her or their entered Premises, except such Part thereof as may be necessarily used in curing and preserving Fish in and on board his, her or their Boats or Vessels employed by him, her or them in the British Fishenes, and that he, she or they will render such Account of all such Salt and Rock Salt as herein after mentioned, to receive, have and take into and upon his, her or their Premise3 entered as aforesaid, any Quantity of such Coloured or Dyed Salt, or Crushed Salt, called or known by the Name or Description of Fufed or Solid Salt, or Crushed Rock Salt, free from any other Account than as herein after mentioned 2 Provided always, that when and so soon as any Fish Curer or Fish Curers shall have received as aforesaid as much of such Coloured or Dyed Salt, or Crushed Salt, called or known by the Name or Description of Fufed or Solid Salt, or Crushed Rock Salt, as that Treble the Amount of the Duty thereon shall be equal to the Amount of the Penalty for which such Bond as aforesaid has been by him, her or them

Sven, no such Fish Curer or Fish Curers shall have, take or receive any further Quantity of such Coloured or yed Salt, or Crushed Salt, called or known by the Name or Description of Fufed or Solid Salt, or Crushed Rock Salt, until he, she or they shall have given fresh Bond in such Penalty and with such Condition as aforesaid, for such further Quantity thereof as he, she or they may theu intend to receive in that Year.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Fish Curer or Fish Curers who shall receive into his, her or their Custody or Possession only Coloured or Dyed Salt, or Crushed Salt, called or known by the Name or Description of Fufed or Solid Salt, or Crushed Rock Salt free of Duty, for the Purpose of'curing or preferring Fish, shall in the Month of May in every Year respectively deliver to the proper Officer of Excise, whose Duty it shall be to receive the same, a true and particular Account in Writing, specifying the exact and true Quantity of such Coloured or Dyed Salt, or Crushed Salt, called or known by the Name or Description of Fufed or Solid Salt, or Crushed Rock' Salt respectively, which he, she or they shall have had or received into his, her or their Custody or Possession, free of Duty during the Year preceding, and the true Quantities of such Coloured or Dyed Salt, or Cruftied Salt, called or known by the Name or Description of Fufed or Solid Salt, or Crushed Rock Salt respectively, actually employed or consumed by him, her or them in such Year in curing and preserving Fish; and distinguishing in such Account the Weight and Quantity of each Kind of Fish cured therewith, the Mode of Cure thereof respectively, and Quantity repacked for Exportation, and stating that no Part of such Salt dr Rock Salt received by him, her or them has been used, spent, consumed, or disposed of by him, her or them, br to his, her or their Knowledge or Belief, in any other Way or for any other Purpose than as aforesaid, or delivered to any other Person or Persons whatsoever, or transferred to any other Fish Curer or Fish Curers, except as herein after mentioned, and shall verify such Account on Oath before the Superrifor of Excise, under whose Survey such Fish Curer or Fish Curers may be (which Oath such Superrifor is hereby authorized and empowered to administer), and such Fish Curer or Fish Curers shall thereupon in the Prefehce of the Officer weigh Separately all the Coloured or Dyed Salt, Fufed or Solid Salt, and Crushed Rock Salt respectively in his, her or their Custody or Possession, and give fresh Bond or Security for the same as aforesaid as Part of his, her or their succeeding Year's Stock 5 and if any such Fish Curer or Fish Curers as aforesaid shall make out any false Account, or refuse or neglect to make out or verify such Account as aforesaid, or weigh such remaining Stock, or give such Bond or Security as aforesaid, he, she or they shall for every such Offence forfeit Treble the Value of the Duties on all the Salt or Rock Salt delivered into his, her or their Custody or Possession within the Year last preceding the time when such Account as aforesaid shall or ought to have been made out or delivered as aforesaid.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That if on weighing the Stock of Salt in the Custody or Possession of any Fish Curer or Fish Curers, in the Month of May in every Year, as directed by the said Act made in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and by this Act, and of rendering to the proper Officer of Excise the Account or Accounts thereby required, there shall remain in the Custody or Possession of any Fish Curer or Fish Curers any salted Fish, either wholly cured, or cured and repacked for Exportation to the East or West Indies, South America, Madeira, or the Baltic or Mediterranean, or which shall be in the Process of Salting or Cure, and of which no Account has been previously taken by such Officer, it shall and may be lawful for the said Officer to examine and take Account of such Fish at the time of weighing such Stock of Salt 5 and that such Fish Curer or Fish Curers shall also in the Account or Accounts directed by the said Act and of this Act, to be delivered to the proper Officer of Excise, include in such Account the Quantity and Species of all Fish remaining in his Custody or Possession aC-the time of taking such Stock of Salt as aforesaid, and state therein the Mode of Cure, and whether the fame or what Part thereof is or are cured for

Home

A.D. 1817.

57° GEORGII IIk

G. 49*

85

Home Consumption or for Exportation as aforesaid, or are in the Process of Salting or Cure, and of the out and verified Quantity of Salt used or consumed thereon respectively, and shall verify the fame in the manner directed by, the " herein men-said Act and of this Act, whereupon such Fish, and the Quantity of Salt used in curing or preserving the tioned* fame (not exceeding the legal Allowance in the case of White Salt), shall be deduded from such Account, and transferred to the Stock of Fish and Salt to be accounted for by such Fish Curer or Fish Curers in the Refilling, &c. to Month of May in the following Year; and if any Fish Curer shall neglect or refuse to make out, verify, and malce outAc-deliTer such Account, he, she or they shall forfeit for each and every such Offence the Sum of One hundred «unV, Pounds. -^VtnAty, ooL

XLIII. And Whereas the Quantity of Salt allowed by Law for curing Pilchards or White Herrings, Fish Curers to by pickling or wet faking, has been found to exceed the Quantity used for such Cure of Pilchards or White*

Herrings, when not intended for Exportation, as herein after mentioned; Be it therefore enacted, That Gallons from and after the Month of May One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, all and every Fish Curer or Fish of Pilchards or Curers to whom any White Salt shall have been or shall be delivered for the Purpose of curing or preserving Whiu Herrings Fish, shall in lieu and instead of the Allowance of Salt granted and directed by the Laws now in force for not cured and curing and preserving Pilchards or White Herrings respectively by pickling or wet salting, be allowed a Credit ^Packd for equal to One hundred and twelve Pounds only of Salt for every Thirty two Gallons of such cured Pilchards*

or White Herrings respectively, not cured and repacked for Exportation, as herein after mentioned, and so in mentioned, proportion for any greater or less Quantity; any thing in the said Act to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That in weighing and taking an Account of and balancing the Stock In taking Yearly of Salt or Rock Salt in the Custody or Possession of any entered Fish Curer or Fish Curers in the Month of Account of Fish-May, as directed with respect to Salt by the said Act made in the Thirty eighth Year of the Reign of His ?7 present Majesty, and by this Act, all Salt or Rock Salt respectively which shall then be found on the Pre- beenonly once miles, or in the Custody or Possession of any Fish Curer or Fish Curers, and which shall have been once used used in curing or applied in curing or preserving Fish, shall be taken Account of by the Officer weighing and balancing such Fish shall becar-Stock, and the Amount thereof, as being Three Parts in Four of pure Salt or Rock Salt respectively, shall ried to the s.toc* be earned to the Stock of the next succeeding Year's Account of Salt or Rock Salt respectively, for which such Fish Curer or Fish Curers shall be accountable; and that if, upon taking such Account, any Salt or ^re

Rock Salt respectively, which shall have been more than once used upotf or applied in the Cure of Fish, shall once used found be found on the Premises or in the Custody or Possession of any such Fish Curer or Fish Curers, he, she or on Premises, they respectively shall forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds; any thing in the said Act or in any Penalty 100l. other Act to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XLV. And Whereas it is represented that Salt is a beneficial Manure for Land, ' Be it therefore further Salted Allies enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Salt Maker or Salt Makers from time to time to throw over, into or amongst their Allies or other Compost Heaps any Quantity ol* Quantities of Brine in its fluid State, or 85 anure* to steep such Ashes or Compost Heap in fluid Brine, and to use, fell or deliver the Allies or Compost Heaps so drenched or steeped in Brine for the Purpose only of manuring Land; and that all and every such Salt Maker or Salt Makers shall on the Fifth Day of July in every Year deliver to the Collector of Excise in whose Collection his, her or their Works shall be, the Quantity of such Salt, Ashes, Compost or Manure as aforesaid used and delivered by him, her or them in the Year preceding: Provided always, that no Salt, Rock Salt, or saline Substances, Articles or Ingredients, save and except liquid Brine only, shall be so mixed or fold, used or delivered as aforesaid; and that if any Salt Maker or Makers, drenching or steeping such Ashes or Compost Heaps with or in Brine as aforesaid, shall put into, with or amongst them, or shall under Pretence of this Act use, fell or deliver, or cause or suffer to be used, fold or delivered, any Salt, Rock Salt, or other saline Substances, Articles or Ingredients, without Payment of Duty, except liquid Brine so employed as aforesaid, as or for Manure; or if he, she or they, or any other Person or Persons into whose Custody or uGng the fame Possession or under whose Directions any such salted Ashes, Compost or Manure shall come, shall use or em- for any other ploy or cause or suffer to be used or employed the fame or any Part thereof for any other Purpose than for Purpose than manuring Land, lie, she and they, and every such Person and Persons so offending, shall severally forfeit for Manure, each and every such Offence the Sum of Five hundred Pounds. ena y 5

XLVI. And for enabling Farmers to try the Effect of Salt in feeding Cattle, be it further enacted, That CoarfeRock it shall and may be lawful for any Owner or Proprietor of any Rock Salt Pit or Rock Salt Mine to fell and Salt for feeding deliver from his, her or their Pit or Mine, or Warehouse or Storehouse adjoining thereto, such coarse and Cattle may be impure Rock Salt as shall be approved of by the proper Officer of Excise appointed for inspeding the ^c^man-fame, in Lumps of not less Weight than Twenty Pounds each, to such Person and Persons, and in such ner heiein men-Quantity and Quantities, as shall and may be granted by the Commissioners of Excise, for the Purpose of tioned, ata Duty feeding or mixing with the Food of Sheep and Cattle, upon such Person or Persons paying Duty for the of js.perBufliel. fame at and after the Rate of Five Shillings per Bushel, and so in proportion for any greater or leis Quantity; and Upon Bond being given to His Majesty by such Person or Persons, with sufficient Sureties to the Bond to be given Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, or the Person or Persons appointed o take such Bond, in the that the Salt Penalty of Double the Amount of the Duty upon Rock Salt delivered for Home Consumption, that lo used*

the whole of the Rock Salt so delivered shall be used, spent, consumed and employed by him, her or them in feeding or mixing with the Food of Sheep or Cattle, and in no other manner and to and for no other Use or Purpose what foe ver; provided, that no further Quantity of Rock Salt shall be delivered as proviso. aforesaid to any Person or Persons for such Purpose as aforesaid, until the Bond and Bonds given by such Person or Persons on the Delivery of every prior Quantity shall be satisfied and discharged.

u.

86

Bonds discharged on Certificate by Person to whom Rock Salt delivered, that it has been used in feeding Cattle. Particulars of.Certificate. Collector to underwrite Certificate.

Otherwise, or if Certificate false, fire. Bond in Force.

Persons may fell such Rock Salt to others with Consent of the ExcHe, Bond being taken in like tn inner.

38O. 3.C. 89.

103.

Calks or Barrels of Fish to be branded, and then to be kept separate.

Not being so kept, or Calks found open for Home Consumption, forfeited, and Penalty 50l.

Fish Curers to keep a daily Account of Fish cured and delivered, to be verified upon Oath at the End of the Year.

Neglecting to keep Book, fire, or altering, fice. Entries,

Penalty 100L

C. 49; 57° GEORGII III. A.D. 1817.

XLVII. And be it Further enabled, That every such Bond shall be satisfied and discharged on a Certificate signed by the Person to whom such Rock Salt shall have been delivered, and who thereupon gave such Bond* his Executors, Administrators or Assigns, and delivered by him, her or them to the Collector in whose Collection he, she or they shall reside, declaring that the whole of such Rock Salt has been used, spent, employed and consumed in feeding or mixing with the food of Sheep and Cattle, and in no other manner and to and for no other Ufc or Purpose whatsoever, and sperifying in what manner and Proportions the fame has been so used, what Description and Number of Sheep or Cattle has been fed therewith, bn what Lands and where situate, and what Benefits appear to have resulted therefrom: Provided always, that no such Certificate shall discharge any such Bona, unless such Collector as aforesaid shall upon Inquiry be satisfied of the Troth thereof and of the several Matters therein Bated, and underwrite the fame upon the fame Certificate; and that if any such Certificate as aforesaid shall not be signed and delivered as aforesaid to such Collector before the End of One Month after the Expiration of Twelve Months from the Bond being given and Rock Salt delivered as aforesaid, or shall in any respect be false, or any of the Rock Salt delivered as aforesaid shall be used, spent, employed or consumed in any other manner, to or for any other Use or Purpose than feeding or mixing with the Food of Sheep or Cattle, the Penalty of the Bond given on the delivery of any such Rock Salt shall be forfeited and paid to His said Majesty.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be deemed of coa-ftrued to extend to prevent any Person or Persons felling or transferring any Quantity of the Lumps or Pieces of coarse and impure Rock Salt which he, she or they shall or may receive for the Purpose of feeding or mixing with the Food of Sheep or Cattle under any such Bond as aforesaid 5 provided the Consent and Approbation of the Commissioners of Excise to and of such Transfer and Delivery be first had and obtained, and such Bond and Security be first given by the Person or Persons intending to receive the same as is hereinbefore mentioned 5 which Bond shall be taken and accepted by the Collector aforesaid in Discharge or Part Discharge of the Bond given on the First Delivery of such Rock Salt from the Mine or Pit, in the Proportion and according to the Quantity in such subsequent Bond mentioned, and shall be discharged by such Certificate as aforesaid, or the Penalty thereof enforced in like manner as if the fame had been given on the first Delivery of such Rock Salt as aforesaid.

XLIX. And Whereas, by the said Act made in the Thirty eighth Year aforesaid, the Officer to whom ( auy Fish packed in Barrels or Caucs shall be produced as directed by that Act is authorized and required*to burn or brand each of such Barrels or Casks in some conspicuous Part thereof with the Letters B. F.

Be it further enacted, That such Officer shall bum or brand each of such Barrels or Casks with the said Letters across the upright Staves of such Barrel or Cask, and shall on all Casks or Barrels of Fish which are not at the time declared by the Fish Curer or Fish Curers to be repacked for Exportation to the East or West Indie*, South America, Madeira or the Baltic or Mediterranean, add the Letter H. 5 and on all C&(ks or Barrels of White Herrings or Pilchards declared by the Fish Curer or Fish Curers to be repacked for Exportation as aforesaid to the East or West Indies, South America, Madeira or the Mediterranean, the Letter W. 5 and all such Casks or Barrels of White Herrings or Pilchards so declared to be repacked for Exportation as aforesaid to the Baltic, the Letter B.; and that after such Barrels or Casks respectively shall be to burnt or branded as aforesaid, the Fish Curer or Fish Curers producing the same shall forthwith remove att and every such Barrels or Casks, or Barrel or Cask, and at all times keep the fame wholly separate and apart from all other Fish not so branded, and the Casks under each particular Mark separate and apart from all Cafka branded with a different Mark; and if any Fish Curer or Fish Curers shall not, immediately at or after the time of branding such Calks or Barrels respectively as aforesaid, remove and keep the fame separate and apart as aforesaid, or if any Calks or Barrels marked or branded with the Letter W. shall be found in the Custody or Possession of any Person or Persons open for Home Consumption, the same shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise, and the Person or Persons offending therein shall for each and every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

L. And be it further enacted, That all and every Fish Curer or Fish Curers shall respectively daily and every Day enter or cause to be entered in a Book or Paper to be provided for that Purpose an exact and particular Account of each and every Calk, Barrel, Package or Quantity of cured or preserved Fish fold, delivered or sent out by any such Fish Curer or Fish Curers respectively, and shall distinguish therein the Kind or Species of Fish and Mode of Cure, and whether the fame is or are fold, delivered or sent out for Home Trade or Consumption, or repacked for Exportation as herein after mentioned, or for Removal to any other Port or Place for such Exportation, specifying the fame; and such Book or Paper shall beat all times kept on the entered Premises of such Fish Curer or Fish Curers open to the Inspection of all and every Officer and Officers of Excise who shall visit or survey the fame 5 and shall at the time of weighing, taking the Account of and balancing the Stock of Salt or Rock Salt in the Custody or Possession of such Fi(n Curer or Fish Curers in the Month of May as directed by the said Act, be delivered by such Fish Curer or Fish Curers to the Officer or Officers taking Account of and balancing such Stock, and the Truth of the Entries made therein shall be then and there verified upon the Oath of such Fish Curer or Fifii Curers, which Oath the re-foeftive Supervisors of Excise are hereby authorized and required to administer; and in case any such Fish Curer or Fish Curers shall neglect or refuse to keep such Book or Paper, or to make or cause to be made due Entries therein, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, or shall cancel, alter, obliterate or destroy any of such Entries made therein, or tear thereout or destroy any of the Leaves or Part of such Book or Paper, or shall neglect or refuse to deliver the same as is herein before directed, or to verify the said Entries therein, or any of them upon Oath, such Fish Curer or Fish Curers shall for each and every such Offenoe forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

11 LI. And

A.D. 1817« 57° GEORGII III. C. 49. 87

LI. And be it further enacted, That for the further Encouragement of the Exportation of Fish cured and FrihCnrersre* preserved in the British Fisheries to the East or West Indies, South America, Madeira, the Baltic or the Me* P#ck>*, n8 cur^ diterranean, it shall and may be lawful for any Fish Curer or Fish Curers with White Salt to have and receive Nation* upon their entered Premises, for the Purpose of being repacked for such Exportation, and to open any Num- tcTbe allowed in ber of Barrels or Calks of Pilchards or White Herrings pickled or wet salted with White Salt, branded frith the account the Letter H., as not having been originally cured or packed for such Exportation, and to unpack and repack Quantity of Salt, the fame with Frelh White Salt only for such Exportation; and that upon such Barrel or Cask, Barrels or and under lht Calks, being so repacked as aforesaid, and produced to the Officer under whose Survey such Premises may then be, he shall brand the fame upon the upright Staves of each such Barrel or Calks with the Letter W., ^oned. or if repacked to be exported to the Baltic with the Letter B.; and all and every fush Fish Curer or Fish Curers (kail, upon Oath made by him, her or them of the Number of Barrels or Calks of White Herrings or Pilchards repacked by him, her or them for Exportation to the East or West Indies, South America, the Mediterranean or Madeira, and so branded by the Officers, and actually exported, or to the bell of his Knowledge to be exported as aforesaid, or for Exportation to the Baltic, and so branded by the Officers, and

actually exported, or to the bell of his Knowledge to be exported as aforesaid (which Oath the respective

Supervisor or Officer is hereby authorized to administer), be allowed in his Account of Fishery Salt, to be balanced and taken in the Month of May, as directed by the said Act of the Thirty eighth Year aforesaid,

Seventy Pounds of White Salt for every Barrel or Cask of Thirty two Gallons so branded and sworn to be repacked, and exported as aforesaid to the East ox West Indies, South America, the Mediterranean or Madeira, and Forty eight Pounds of White Salt for every such Barrel or Cask so branded and sworn to be repacked and exported as aforesaid to the Baltic, and specified in such Account.

LII. And Whereas it is expedient to extend the Allowance of Salt delivered Duty free for curing and Allowance of

preferring Fish to dry salted Cod, Ling or Hake, Haddock and Whiting, and Guard Fish, sometimes Duty free S*k

called Gore Bill Be it therefore enacted, That all apd every Fish Curer and Fish Curers to whom any Jor dry

White Salt shall, under the Rules, Regulations, R^ftri&ions and Prorifions of the said Acts of the Thirty eighto Wted 11*and Fifty fifth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, he delivered Duty free for the Purpose of curing and preferring Fish, shall be allowed a Credit not exceeding Seventy Pounds of such Salt for every One hundred

Weight of dried faked Cod, Ling or Hake, not exceeding Forty Pounds Weight of Salt for every One iumdred Weight of dried salted Haddock or Whiting, and a Credit not exceeding Eighty four Pounds for every Barrel of Thirty two Gallons of Guard Fish or Gore Bill wet salted and perfectly cured, and so in proportion for any greater or lese Quantity, such Credit to be allowed under the same Rules, Regulations,

Restrictions and Prorifions, Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures, which by the said Act, or by any other Act or Acts of Parliament in force at the time of passing this Act, are contained, provided, settled or established for or in respect of allowing Salt Duty free for the Purpose of curing and preferring Fish therein mentioned, or for or in respect of allowing Fife Curers Credit for Salt delivered to them for that Purpose,

LIII. And Whereas the Quantity of Salt for curing Salmon, allowed by the said Act made in the Allowance* of

Thirty eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, is insufficient to answer the Purpose intended, and it is Stlt to Fish

expedient to grant a further Allowance of Salt used in curing and preferring Salmon Be it therefore Cur«n^ Seconded, That act and every Fish Curer or Fish Curers to whom any White Salt shall have been or shall be mentioned^n1 delivered for the Purpose of curing and preserving Fife, shall, in lieu and inllead of all former Allowance of iieu of former Sak for curing and preferring Salmon, be allowed a Credit equal to Fifty Pounds Weight of Sak fqr every Allowance*. One hundred Weight of dried salted Salmon, and for every Barrel containing Forty two Gallons of wet faked

Salmon shall be allowed a Credit equal to One hundred and thirty Pounds Weight of Salt, and for every Barrel of Forty two Gallons of wet salted Salmon which shall be by such Fish Curer or Fish Curers repacked or packed from any Calk, Vat or other Vessel in which the same shall have been first cured for Exportation, a further Credit equal to Thirty eight Pounds Weight of Salt for such packed or repacked wet salted Salmon, and so in proportion for any greater or iefs Quantity 5 provided such Caflcs so packed or repacked be taken account of and branded by the proper Officer of Excise with the Letters R. S.; any thing in the said AjBL to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Officer or Officers of Ex- p0>Ters to Oft-cife from time to time and at all times, upon his or their Request, to enter into all and every the Cellars, cers of Excise to "Warehouses, Storehouses, Curing Houses and other Places entered or made use of by any Fish Curer or Fish enter and take Curers for laying or keeping any Salt or Rock Salt for the Purpose of curing, bulking, packing or flowing Account of Salt Fish. and by weighing, guaging, tale or otherwise, as to such Officer shall seem meet, to trite an Account of^Fl? '"rpL the Quantity and Description of all Salt and Rock Salt, and of all Fish, in the Custody or Possession of such Curen. ° Fish Curer or Fish Curers as aforesaid; and if any such Fish Curer or Fish Curers or other Person or Persons, obstructing Of-shall in anywise hinder or obstruct any such Officer or Officers in entering into or surveying any such Premises ficer, or refilling, as aforesaid, or in taking such Account as aforesaid, or shall conceal from the Sight and Inspection of such acc.toifliftthem, Officer any Salt, Rock Salt or'Fish, or pra&ifc, or suffer, or cause to be practised, any Art or Contrivance by which any such Officer shall be prevented from or hindered in taking a true Account thereof; or if any such Fish Curer or Fish Curers shall upon Demand neglect or refuse to give, by himself, his Servants and Workmen, all needful and necessary Assistance to such Officer, in taking such Account as aforesaid, every such Fish Curer or Fish Curers shall for each and every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds. Penalty iool.

LrV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Fish Curer and Fife Curers is and are hereby required Fish Curer* to to proride, when demanded by the Officer of Excise surveying such Fish Curer or Fish Curers, proper, provide good and sufficient and just Scales and Weights at each and every Warehouse, Storehouse, or Cellar respectively to him, cale#

her or them belonging, for the Purpose of from time to time weighing and taking an Account of the Salt Wei&hu*

and

Neglecting, &c. or not permitting Officer to use the fame, or tiling false Scales and Weightij&c.

[Penalty.]

Ftfh Curers altering Marks on Calks, or unfairly packing, &c. or using any Art to obtain any greater Credit for Salt uffd in curing Fish than is allowed,

[Penalty.]

38G. 3. C. 89.

§ iz6.

Glafa Makers to make Oath of Use of Rock Salt within 12 Months from its Receipt.

Penalty iocl. Bleachers of Cotton Wool may use Oxymuriate of Litoe, or Bleaching Liquor prepared as under 55 G. 3. c. 66. Salt unshipped relanded or fraudulently or clandestinely removed or received, &c. forfeited, together with Packages,c.

C. 49. 57° GEORGII III. A.D. 1817.

and Rock Salt respectively which shall at any* time be in the Custody or Possession of any such Fish Carer or Fish Curersj and shall permit and suffer any Officer or Officers of Excise to use the fame, and shall give him every needful Assistance in weighing any such Salt or Rock Salt 5 and if any such Fish Curer or Fim Curers shall upon Demand as aforesaid neglect or refuse to provide any such Scales and Weights, or either of them, or shall not permit or suffer any Officer or Officers of Excise to use the fame, or shall refuse to assist him in weighing any such Salt or Rock Salt; or if any such Fish Curer or Fish Curers shall in the weighing of any such Salt or Rock Salt make use of, or cause or procure gt suffer to be made use of, any false, unjust, or insufficient Scales, or Weight or Weights, or shall use or practise any Art, Device? or Contrivance by which any such Officer or Officers shall or may be hindered or prevented from taking the just and true Weight, and ascertaining the true Quantity of any such Salt or Rock Salt, such Fish Curer or Fish Curers shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds, together with all such false, unjust or insufficient Scales and Weight or Weights respectively, and the same shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Fish Curer or Fish Curers shall, after any Officer or Officers of Excise has or have either marked any Fish, or branded any Calk or Vessel in which any Fish shall be packed, to denote that such Fish has been taken account of by such Officer as cured Fish, wilfully or knowingly obliterate, alter, erase, cancel or destroy, or suffer or cause to be obliterated, altered, erased, cancelled or destroyed, any such Mark or Brand; or if any such Fish Curer or Fish Curers shall unfairly pack or suffer or cause to be unfairly packed any such Calk or Vessel of Fish produced to any Officer to be branded as aforesaid, or shall afterwards open any such Calk or Vessel, and remove any of the Fish contained therein into any other Calk or Vessel, and produce the fame again to any Officer to be branded and taken account of as Fish which have not been before branded and taken account of; or shall use any Art or Contrivance in order to obtain any undue Credit for Salt, or shall in any manner or way produce such Fish to the Officer for any further or greater Credit of Salt than what is legally allowed thereon 5 such Fish Curer or Fish Curers shall forfeit and lose for every such Offence the Sum of One hundred Pounds, and shall be for ever after deprived the Benefit of receiving, either by himself, herself or themselves, or otherwise, any Salt free of Duty for curing or preserving Fish*

LVII. And Whereas by the said Act made in the Thirty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty all and every Maker or Makers of Glass in Great Britain who shall take any Rock Salt from any

Warehouse belonging to any Salt Mine or Pit, or any Brine or Sea Water, for the Purpose of making

Mineral Alkali or Flux for Glass, upon Bond or Security given in Double the Duty of such Rock Salt*«Brine or Sea Water, that all such Rock Salt, Brine and Sea Water shall be really and truly employed, spent

and consumed in the making of Mineral Alkali or Flux for Glass, shall, for the Discharge of such Bond oc

Security*, make Oath before the Collector of Excise of the Collection in which the Alkali Works shall be

situated, that all the said Rock Salt, Brine or Sea Water for which such Bond or Security shall have been ' given, has been made use of in making such Mineral Alkali or Flux for Glass, and for no other Purpose whatsoever; and the Supervisor or Officer of Excise under whose Survey such Maker of Mineral Alkali (haR

then be, shall at the same time certify his Belief of the Truth of the Matters sworn to by such Maker or Makers of Glass, or his, her or their Agent 2 And Whereas it is expedient that such Oath shall be made*

and such Certificate aforesaid granted within a limited time after such Bond shall have been given as aforesaid Be it therefore enacted, That all and every such Maker and Makers of Glass in Great Britain, or his, her or their principal Servant engaged in his, her or their entered Alkali Works, shall, within the Period of Twelve Months from and after the Cate of each such respective Bond, make such Oath as aforesaid; and the proper Supervisor or Officer of Excise shall thereupon make out and deliver to such Maker or Makers of Glats such Certificate as aforesaid; and if any such Maker or Makers of Glass shall neglect or refuse to make such Oath within the Period aforesaid, he, she or they shall for each and every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Bleacher of Cotton Wool or Cotton or Worded Twist to use and employ in the bleaching thereof any Oxymuriate of Lime or bleaching Liquor made and prepared in the manner and according to the Directions, and by the Persons entitled to (hake the fame, in and by a certain Act made in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for, amongst other things, allowing Makers of Oxygenated Muriatic Acid to take Sait Duty free for making such Acid or Oxymuriate of Lime for bleaching Linen apd Cotton.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Salt or Rock Salt shall be found in any Ship, Flat, Barge* Boat or other Vfcffel, or in any Waggon, Cart or other Carriage whatsoever, or loaded on any Horse or other Cattle, or lodged or concealed m any House, Outhouse or other Place whatsoever, which Salt or Rock Salt shall have been brought or procured from any Salt Mine or Salt Work or other Place, or imported or landed without Payment of Duty, or shall have been fraudulently or clandestinely unftiipped or relanded after the fame has been shipped for Exportation, or fraudulently or clandestinely taken from or out of any Ship* Flat, Boat, Barge or other Vessel, or any Cart, Waggon or other Carriage in which the same shall have been loaded for Removal from one Part of the United Kingdom to any other Part thereof, or concealed on board of any such Ship, Flat, Boat, Barge or other Vessel, or in any such Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, or which having been delivered Duty free for the Purpose of curing and preserving Fish, or for making Flux for Glass or Oxygenated Muriatic Acid, or Oxymuriate of Lime, shall nave been fraudulently or clandestinely brought or removed from the Stock of any Fish Curer, Glass Maker, or Person or Persons receiving such S^lt or Rock Salt for the Use of the Fisheries, or for making Oxygenated Muriatic Acid or Oxymuriate of Lime respect-irdy, or shall have been fraudulently or clandestinely taken or delivered out of any Warehouse, Storehouse «r

14 other

A.D. 1817, 57° GEORGII III. C. 49. 89

other Place where the fame may or shall have been lodged and deposited, such Salt or stock Salt together with the Package containing the fame, and the Ship, Flat, Barge, Boat and other Vessels, and also the Waggon,

Cart and other Carriages and Horses and other Cattle in or upon which the same shall be found, and the Cat- , tie madeufe of in the drawing of such Waggon, Cart or otfier Carriage, or which shall be used or employed m removing such Salt or Rock Salt as aforesaid, shall be forfeited and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise; and the Person or Persons in whose Custody or Possession any Salt or Rock Salt so brought, unfaipped, landed, taken, removed or concealed as aforesaid, shall be found, or who shall «be or shall have been concerned or employed in bringing, procuring, unshipping, landing, relanding, concealing, removing,

S'ng, delivering, buying or receiving any such Salt or Rock Salt, shall severally forfeit the Sum of Fo$ty and Penalty, igs for every Pound Weight of fudi Salt or Rock Salt so found as aforesaid.

LX. And Whereas all and every Maker or Makers of Salt, Refiner or Refiners of R<?ck Salt, or*Proprietor or Proprietors of any- Salt Mine, Salt Pit or Salt Work, is and are by Law required. Weekly*and at the End of every Week, to pay and clear off all the Duties for or in respect of Salt and Rock Salt which shall have been charged to such Maker or Makers, Refiner or Refiners, or Proprietor or Proprietors,

in the then current Week, unless such Maker or Makers, Refiner or Refiners, or Proprietor or Proprietors,

shall have given Bond or Security for Payment of such Duties: And Wheteas many Persons refusing or*neglecting to give such Bond have taken Salt out of the Warehouses, and removed and disposed of the fame without afterwards paying the duties on such Salt, to the great injury of His Majesty's Revenue; Be it therefore enacted, That all and every Maker or Makers of Salt, Refiner or Refiners of Rock Salt, or Salt Makers not Proprietor or Proprietors of any Salt Mine, Salt Pit, or Salt Work, who shall not give such Bond for giving Bond for securing the Payment of the Duties as is required by Law for that Purpose, shall pay to the Collector of ^cur, n8^Excise where such Salt Mine, Salt Pit or Salt Work shall be situate, all the Duties charged or chargeable ^uty^to pay^ for or in respect of any Salt or Rock Salt which he, she or they shall be about to remove, before such Salt or such Duty before Rock Salt shall be delivered out of the Warehouse in which the same shall be deposited; and that in default taking it out of of such Payment no such Salt or Rock Salt shall be delivered for Home Trade or Consumption out of such the Warehouse. Warehouse to or by any such Maker or Makers, Refiner or Refiners, or Proprietor or Proprietors not giving such Bond as aforesaid.

LXI. And Whereas it is expedient to repeal the several Drawbacks of Customs and Excise payable on the Exportation of Duty-paid Salt from Great Britain; Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the Drawback* of Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, the several Drawbacks of Customs £u^°msaj^ and Excise payable on the Exportation of Duty-paid Salt from Great Britain shall be and the same are pa*d Sal^ex- hereby repealed. ported, repealed.

LXII. And be it fiyrther enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Maker or Makers, or Refiner Warehouses far or Refiners of, or Dealer or Dealers in Salt, having the License and Permission of the Commissioner& of Ex- storing Salt Duty cife, or the major Part of them for the time being, for that Purpose, to provide or ere d One or more Export free for Export-Warehouse or Warehouses at or within the Port of London or ffull, Greenock, Leith and Plymouth, for the Pur- at, on .may pose of laying, storing or keeping therein Salt delivered Duty free, and intended for Exportation 5 provided that ^kMjed^at every such Warehonie shall be well, substantially and securely built and constructed, to the Satisfaction of the 0IXr°the fame said Commissioners, or such Officer or Officers as they may appoint toinfped the fame* and that no such Regulations witfr Warehouse shall have more than One Door or Entrance to the fame; and that there be no Communication such Warehouses between any such Warehouse and any other Place whatsoever, except such external Door or Entrance as at Liverpool and aforesaid, and shall have no Chimney or any Window or Opening within Ten Feet of the Ground, or of any fg q°*c Wall, Erection or Building on the Outside thereof; Provided also, that no Person or Persons shall be the

Proprietor or Proprietors of such Export Warehouse or Warehouses, or shall be in any respect employed or concerned therein, or have any Interest in the Salt therein deposited, who shall be a Dealer in Salt for Home Trade or Consumption, at or from any Warehouse, Cellar, Shop or other Place, within a Quarter of a Mile of such entered Warehouse for Duty free Salt, or have any Interest or Concern in such Trade 5 and that such Warehouse or Warehouses, and the Salt deposited therein, and the Person or Persons making Entry thereof, shall be subject to all the Rules, Regulations and Provisions, Penalties and Forfeitures prescribed, directed, contained orjmposed by the said Act of the Thirty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, with respect to Export Warehouses at or within the Ports of Liverpool or Bristol respectively, except so Exception, far as the fame or any of them are altered by this Act, as fully and effectually as if the fame were repeated or ioferted in the Body of this present Act 5 and that if any Person or Persons having or being employed or con- Owners of such cerned in such Warehouse as last aforesaid, or any of the Salt deposited therein, shall at the same time be a Warehouses Dealer in Salt for Home Trade or Consumption, or interested in or directly or indirectly concerned in such b€*ng Deafen Trade carried on as aforesaid, he, she or they shall for each and every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum r°rnnt£!|e °n- of Five Hundred Pounds. Penalty iool.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to or for any Person or Persons, Foreign Salt may within Twelve Months after the Importation and Landing of Foreign Salt, to take free of Duty, for the be taken from Purpose of immediately exporting the fame in any Ship or Vessel not of less Burthen than Forty Tons to any Import Newfoundland, for curing Cod'Fish, Ling or Hake to be there caught, any Quantity not being less than Warehouse at Fifty Buftiels at a time of Foreign Salt, from and out of any Import Warehouse, Storehouse or Cellar at free^oexport so Plymouth, in which the fame has been put according to the Regulation of the said Act made in the Thirty Newfoundland eighth Year aforesaid, the Person or Persons so taking out such Salt first giving the like Security, and being for curing Cod, subject to all the Rules, Regulations, Restridjons and Provisions, Forfeitures and Penalties, prescribed, di- &c.fobje& to reded, contained, orimp9fed by an Act made in the Thirty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, Regulations of with respect to the Exportation of Foreign Salt to Newfoundland, and taken free of Duty From and out of c*

57 Geo. III. N any*y*

90

57° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1817.

38 0.3. c. §115.

89*

51r'-is-

5. c. 8a.

any Import Warehouse (or that Purpose, as are required at or within the Ports of Poole, Dartmouth, Falmouth and Glasgow respectively, by the said Act.

LXIV. And Whereas by the said Act made in the Thirty eighth Year of the Reign aforesaid, it is enacted, that in case any Salt or Rock Salt for which the Duties by the said Act imposed shall have been paid* or which shall hare been delivered upon Bond, free of those Duties* shall be lost or destroyed through Stress of Weather or Storms at Sea, or by the accidental or unavoidable calling away, sinking or (branding of any Flat, Boat, Barge or Vessel in or on hoard of which any such Salt or Rock Salt shall be removing or transporting from one Place to another, it shall and may be lawful for the Owner, Proprietor or Shipper of such Salt or Rock Salt to make Application in Writing for Relief to His Maiedy's Justices of the Peace of the County, Riding, Division or Shire neared to which any such Accident shall happen, at the Quarter Sessions of the Peace, or to the Commissioners of Excise at the Chief Office of Excise in London, or any Three of the said Commissioners, and thereupon it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justices of the Peace at the Quarter Sessions, or Commissioners of Excise, or any Three of such Commissioners respectively, to receive and admit such Application, and to examine all Parties touching the Matter contained therein, and upon due Proof of the Fad in the manner prescribed by the said Act, to grant such Relief as in the said Act is mentioned, and under the Teveral Provisoes, Conditions and Redridions therein contained: And Whereas by an Act made in the Fifty fird Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, among other things, for granting Relief for Salt lod at Sea by Shipwreck or Capture, it is enacted, that in every case where any such Salt or Rock Salt as aforesaid shall, by the accidental or unavoidable cading away and sinking of the Ship or Vessel in or on board which such Salt or Rock Salt shall be removing or transporting from one Place to another, be lod, or where any such Salt or Rock Salt, as in that Behalf mentioned in an Act made in the Thirty ninth Year of the Reign aforesaid, shall be lod by Capture of Enemies, and any such Loss shall not have come to the Knowledge of the Proprietor or Shipper thereof in sufficient time to enable such Proprietor or Shipper to give the Notice required by the said Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for fych Proprietor or Shipper, within One Month after such Accident shall have become known to him, her or them, to give to the Commissioners of Excise at the Chief Office of Excise in London, or to the Collector of Excise of the Collection neared to which the Accident shall have happened, such Notice as by the said last recited Act is prescribed 5 and upon any such Notice as is by the said Act of the Fifty fird Year aforesaid prescribed having been given as aforesaid, for His Majesty's Justices of the Peace of the County, Riding, Division or Shire, at the Quarter Sessions of the Peace nearest to which the Owner, Proprietor or Shipper of the Salt or Rock Salt shall reside, or for the Commissioners of Excise at the Chief Office of Excise in London, or any Three of the said Commissioners, to proceed thereon, and grant the like Relief as in and by the said respective Acts is authorized, directed or required, upon and under the Terms, Conditions and Restrictions mentioned in the said Act: And Whereas it is expedient that the said recited Provisions in the said Two Acts of the Thirty eighth and Fifty fird Years of the Reign aforesaid should be repealed Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, the said recited Provisions in the said Two Acts of the Thirty eighth and Fifty fird Years of the Reign aforesaid shall be and the same are hereby respectively repealed.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, in case any Salt or Rock Salt removing from one Part of the Kingdom of Great Britain to-any other Part thereof, or shipped for Exportation to Ireland, shall be lod or destroyed by a Leak or Leaks accidentally or unavoidably sprung by such Flat, Barge, Boat or other Vessel, during such Carriage or Conveyance of such Salt or Rock Salt, and satisfactorily shewn to the Officer of Excise at the Port or Place of Discharge, before or at the time of the Delivery of such Salt or Rock Salt respectively, or by the unavoidable sinking, dranding, cading away, Wreck or sinking, or by the Capture of any Flat, Boat, mreApplication Barge or Vessel in or on board of which any such Salt or Rock Salt shall be removing or transporting as to be made to aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Owner, Proprietor or Shipper of such Salt or Rock Salt Two Justices, or or Captain, Confrgnec or Agent, to make Application in Writing to Two or more of His Majesty's Justices (if in Ireland) to of the Peace of the County in Great Britain neared to which any such Loss shall be fudainedor be fird the Collector or difCOvered, or to the Port of Discharge, or to the Collector and Comptroller of the Port iu Ireland to which ^°theExCife in Vessel shall be dedined, or into which such Vessel shall be driven, or to the Commissioners of Excise in London or Scot- Scotland, or at the Chief Office of Excise in London, according to the Place where such Loss may happen,

land, who are to or any Three of the said Commissioners respectively; and thereupon it shall and may be lawful to and for

such Justices of the Peace, Collector and Comptroller or Commissioners of Excise, or any Three of such Commissioners respectively, and they are hereby required to receive and admit such Application, and to.issue and grant their Summons to all and every Witness and Witnesses thereupon named by the Party or Parties making such Application, to come before them, upon a time and at a Place to be mentioned in such Summons respectively, to be examined upon their and each of their Corporal Oaths touching and concerning the Premises, and at such time and Place to examine upon Oath (which Oath such Justices, Collector and Comptroller and Commissioners are hereby respectively authorized to adminider) not only ail and every such Witness and Witnesses, but ail Witnesses then and there produced against such Application, in the Presence of the proper Collector or Supervisor of Excise, if he or they shall attend at such time and Place, touching the

Matter dated and contained in such Application, and to take such Examination and every Part thereof in Writing, to be afterwards read over to and signed by each such Witness respectively; and upon Proof of all and every the Fads dated and contained in such Application by such Witnesses as aforesaid, one of whom shall be the Mader or Mate of such Flat, Boat, Barge or Vessel, if such Mader or Mate be living at the time, and upon Proof as aforesaid that such Flat, Boat, Barge or Vessel was, at the time of the Shipment

7 and

repealed.

When Salt or Rock* Salt removing Coast-wife or exporting to Ireland is loft by calling away, wreck or sinking of the Vessel, or Cap-

examine Witnesses.

Proceedings on such Examination, and what the Proof is to be.

A.D. 1817.

57° GEORGII III. C. 49.

91

and Receipt of such Salt or Rock Salt, tight, found, and in all respe£U Sea worthy, and fit for the Reception and safe Conveyance of such Salt or Rock Salt, and without Leakage or other Injury, and was not loaded with Salt or bther Goods so as to fink in the Water below her Load Water line or Mark, and that all such Salt or Rock Salt had been duly weighed, and had been shipped and received on board thereof, and fe-curely kept during the said Voyage, continually from the time when such Salt or Rock Salt was weighed, and was shipped and received on board thereof, until the Salt or Rock Salt was weighed or delivered out of such Vessel at the Sort of Delivery, and in the Presence of the proper Officer of Excise, or the Vessel was stranded, cast away, wrecked, sunk or captured, or the Salt or Rock Salt was lost or destroyed by such Leak or Leaks as aforesaid, and that no Part of such Salt or Rock Salt had been taken out, removed, loft, consumed or destroyed by any Negligence or Want of due and proper Care thereof, or from the Misdirection or Mismanagement of such Vessel, or of any Person or Persons whatsoever, to the Knowledge or Belief of such Master or Mate respectively, and that such Loss or Deficiency was or were wholly and lolely owing to and occasioned by the Cause dated in such Application, being either by a Leak or Leaks accidentally or unavoidably sprung by such Flat, Barge, Boat or other Vessel, during such Carriage or Conveyance of such Salt or Rock Salt, and satisfactorily shewn to the Officer of Excise at the Port or Place of Discharge, before or at the time of the Delivery of such Salt or Rock Salt respectively, or by the unavoidable stranding, 1

calling away, Wreck, sinking or Capture of such Vessel, such Justices are hereby authorized and required to Justices tograut,

fant to the Collector or Supervisor of Excise, and such ColieAor and Comptroller as aforesaid shall, at the Ind Co|jt^or> xpenfe of the Party or Parties making such Application, thereupon transmit to the Commissioners of .Expence of the cife in England or Scotland, as the case may be, a Copy of such Application, and of the Examinations in Party, to trans-Writing taken thereon, with their Certificate, to be signed by such Justices or Calle&or and Comptroller mit to Excise in respectively, Specifying that each such Witness has been examined by them upon Oath, that his or her Ex- England or Scot-amination was afterwards read over to and signed by each such Witness in the presence of such Justices or a Copy of Collector and Comptroller respectively, and that the several Fasts dated in such Application were or were Examination*11 not, as the case may be, proved to their Satisfaction 5 and such Collector or Supervisor shall, upon Receipt of an(j Certificate such Copy and Certificate from such Justices as aforesaid, transmit the same to the Commissioners of Excise, of Proceedings, who are hereby authorized and required, upon Receipt of any such Certificate as aforesaid, if they be satisfied Commissioners therewith, in case the Salt or Rock Salt so lost or destroyed shall have been proved to be Salt or Rock Salt for Excise on Re-which the Duties by law imposed shall have been paid or secured to be paid, to allow to the Maker or Pro- may1 make such prietor of such Salt or Rock Salt, out of the Duties on Salt which shall next become due and payable from Allowance to such Maker or Proprietor, the full Amount of the Duties proved to have been paid for such Salt or Rock Proprietor of Salt which shall be so proved to have been so lost or destroyed as aforesaid; and if the Salt or Rock Salt which Salt foloft, &c. shall he proved to have been so lost or destroyed as aforesaid, shall be Salt or Rock Salt which shall have been a.8 heJein mea" delivered upon Bond free of Duty, or Rock Salt which shall have been delivered for Exportation upon the t, onc'low Duty to which such Rock Salt for Exportation is liable, then and in every such case the said Commissioners shall, as to such Salt or Rock Salt so lost or destroyed, order and require such Collector of Excise as and order Col-aforesaid to cancel or vacate the Bond which shall have been given for the delivery of the Salt or Rock Salt which shall be proved to have been so lost or destroyed; and that if such Application be made to the Com- Bond' missioner8 of Excise as aforesaid, and such Proof be made as aforesaid to their Satisfaction, such Commissioners shall grant the fame Relief respectively as is hereinbefore directed to be granted by them on such Certificate as aforesaid: Provided always, that no such Application as aforesaid mall be sustained or proceeded Notice to be upon unless the Proprietor or Shipper of any Salt or Rock Salt which shall be lost or destroyed as aforesaid, 6, ven Officer or some Person on his, her or their Behalf, shall give Notice in Writing to the Collector or Comptroller of the Port in Ireland to which such Vessel may be destined, or into which (he may be driven, or to the Col- 0 le&or or Supervisor of Excise in Great Britain nearest to the Place where such Loss may happen or be first discovered, or to the Solicitor of Excise for summary and criminal Prosecutions, within Ten Days after such Loss shall have happened or been first discovered as aforesaid; or if such Flat, Barge, Boat or other Vessel be then at Sea, within Ten Days after her Arrival at her destined Port; nor unless it shall be specified in What such Ap-such Application when and where such Loss shall have happened and been discovered, and by which particu- plication is to lar Cause before mentioned it shall have been occasioned; nor unless the Names and Places of Abode of the fyeci*7*

Maker or Refiner, and of the Proprietor or Shipper of the Salt or Rock Salt, the time when and the Place where the fame was shipped, and the Place to which the fame was consigned or intended to be removed, and also the Quantity of Salt or Rock Salt actually shipped, shall be specified in such Application, and also whether it was Salt of Rock Salt for which the Duties had been paid, or which had been delivered on Bond, and the Names of the Flat, Barge, Boat or Vessel in which the fame was shipped, and of the Master or Commander thereof: Provided also, that no such Application to such Justices or Commissioners shall be sustained Copy of Appli-or proceeded upon unless a Copy of such Application shall be delivered to such Collector or Supervisor as cation to bede-aforesaid, or to the Solicitor of Excise for summary and criminal Prosecutions, Three Days at least before '*

the time appointed by such Justices or Commissioners for the Examination of the Witnesses, together with \jjtnesses, &c* the Lift of the Names, Residence and Description of the several Witnesses who shall be intended to be thereupon examiped; and that, upon any such Examination as aforesaid, such Witnesses only shall be examined in Support of such Application whose Names are contained in such Lift, and that such Examination shall be confined to the Fa&s specified in such Application*

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That if the said Commissioners of Excise shall be dissatisfied with any Appeal toQuir-such Examination or Certificate as aforesaid, they are hereby authorized and required within Fourteen Days to ter Sessions by signify the same to the Party or Parties making such Application as aforesaid, and give to such Party or Par- khcr Party, tics a Notice of Appeal to the Justices of the said County, or of the County from which such Salt or Rock


92

C. 49-

57° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1817.

examine.

Costs.

Witaefles neglecting, &c. to appear or give Evidence,

Penalty 5cL

Salt shall have bee# shipped, at the Quarter Session* of the Peace which shall be holden in and for the said County next after such Certificate shall have been received by them as aforesaid; and that if such Justice or Justices, or Collector and Comptroller, to whom any such Application shall be made as aforesaid, shall certify that all or any of the Fads required by this Act to be thereupon proved upon Oath shall not have been proved, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Proprietor or Shipper of such Salt or Rdck Salt# within Notice to Officer Fourteen Days after such Decision, to give Notice to the Collector or Supervisor of Excise who shall have at -of Appeal tended such Examination, or in case of any such Decision by such Collector and Comptroller as aforesaid, to the Collector neared to the Residence of such Proprietor or Shipper in Great Britain, of his or her Intention to appeal to the Justices aforesaid at the next Quarter Sessions to be holden in and for the said County; and such Justices at their Quarter Sessions shall, upon either of such Appeals as aforesaid, be thereupon empowered to issue their Summons for the Attendance of any Witness or Witnesses thereon, and to hear and examine the DeciOon of Matters aforesaid, and their Decision thereon shall be final, and that thereupon such Application for Relief as Quarter Sessions aforesaid shall be wholly dismissed, or the said Commissioners of Excise shall make such Order of Relief as wi! a a before mentioned: Provided always, that no other Fads or Fad shall be inquired into at such Quarter Sessions Witnesses Ouar- t^an tkofe which are dated in such original Application as aforesaid, nor any Witnesses examined in Support ter §essions may such Application, except such whole Names, Residence and Description shall be entered in a List to be enquire into and given by the Party or Parties making such Application, to the Collector or Supervisor of Excise, Ten Days at lead before such Quarter Sessions, nor any Witnesses examined against such Application, except such whose Names or Residences and Descriptions shall be entered in a List to be given by such Collector or Supervisor to the Party or Parties making such Application, or his, her or their Agent, Ten Days at lead before such Quarter Sessions; and that the Party making such Appeal shall, in case such Decision of the Justices of the Quarter Sessions shall be against such Appeal, bear and pay all Cods, Charges and Expenses attending, occasioned to or sustained by either Party, by such Appeal having been so made, and of all Witnesses who shall have attended such Justices to be examined thereon.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall be summoned to appear as a Witness to give Evidence before any such Justices of the Peace as aforesaid, or any such Collector and Comptroller or Commissioners as aforesaid, touching the matters aforesaid, and shall neglect or refuse to appear at the time and Place to be for that Purpose appointed in such Summons, without a reasonable Excuse for such his or her Neglect or Refusal (to be allowed by such Justices of the Peace or Collector and Comptroller or Commissioners as aforesaid), or appearing shall refuse to be examined upon Oath, and give Evidence to such Justices of the Peace or Collector and Comptroller or Commissioners, before whom such Evidence is required by this Act to be given, then that every such Person shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Fifty Pounds, to be levied by Warrant of Distress to be issued by such Commissioners or Justices, or by any other Two Justices of the County or Place where such Offence shall have been committed, upon the Certificate of the Justices or Collector and Comptroller respectively to be granted of such Contempt 5 and if no sufficient Distress can be found, then it shall and may be lawful for such Commissioners or Justices to -commit such Offender to the Common Gaol or other Prison within their Jurisdiction, for any Term not exceeding the Space of Three Calendar Months, unless the Penalty shall be sooner paid; and such Penalty shall be applied to the Use of the Poor of the Parish, Township or Place in which such Offence shall have been committed, in such manner as such Justices shall direct and appoint.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons who shall give false Evidence in any Examination to be taken by virtue of this Act, or where, in pursuance of this Act, any Oath is required to be taken, shall swear falsely, shall be subject to such Pains, Penalties and Disqualifications as Persons guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury are or for the time being shall be subject or liable to by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm.

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Question shall arise whether any salted Fish, Salt, Rock Salt or Alkali respectively, which shall be fei2ed as and for salted Fish, Salt, Rock Salt or Alkali respectively, forfeited under or by virtue of this Act, be salted Fifii, Salt, Rock Salt or Alkali respectively, for or on which such Forfeiture is by this Act imposed, the Proof of such salted Fish, Salt, Rock Salt or Alkali respectively, not being salted Fish, Salt, Rock Salt or Alkali respectively, for or on which such Forfeiture is by this Act imposed shall lie upon the Owner or Claimer thereof.

LXX. And be it further enacted, That no Bond or Security given or to be taken, under the Provisions of this Act, for the Removal of any Salt or Rock Salt to be lodged or deposited in any Warehouse for the Use of the British Fisheries, or for the accounting for any Salt or Rock Salt deposited therein, or for or in respect of any Salt or Rock Salt to be used or employed in curing or preserving Fish, nor any Certificate rtiade out in relation to any such Salt or Rock Salt, shall be subject or liable to any Stamp Duties; any thing in this or any other Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That all and every of the Powers, Directions, Rules, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things which in and by an Act made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled An Act for taking away the Court of Wards and Liveries and Tenures in Capite, and by Knights Service and Purveyance, and for settling a Revenue upon His Majesty in lieu thereof \ or by any other Law now in force relating to His Majesty's Revenue of Excite, are provided and established, shall be practised, used and put in Execution, in and for the Purposes of this Act, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if all and every the said Powers, Rules, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things were particularly repeated and re-enacted in this present Act.

LXlill. And be it further enacted, That all Fines*, Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this Act, shall be sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated by such Ways, Means or Methods 'as any Fine, Penalty or For-

15 feiture

Application of Penalty.

Perjury.

Onus Probandi, how far on Owner of Fish, Salt, &c.

Bonds for Fishery Salt not subject to Stamp Duty.

12 C. 2. c. 24.

and any other Act relating to the Excise in force, extended to tlus Act.

Penalties hew to be recovered.

93

A.D. 1817. 57° GEORGII III. C. 49 — 52.

feiture may be sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively; and that {save and except in such case or cases where it is otherwise expressly directed by this Act) One Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture shall be to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them who shall discover; inform or sue for the same.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That this A A may be altered, amended or repealed by any Act or Acts to be passed in this Session of Parliament.

CAP. L.

An Act to continue an Act made in the Fifty fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to provide for the preserving and rejioring of Peace in such Parts of Ireland as may at any Time be disturbed by seditious Persons, or by Persons entering into unlawful Combinations or conspiracies.

[27th June 1817.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the Fifty fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to provide for the preserving and rejioring of Peace in such Parts of Ireland* ax may at any time be disturbed by seditious Persons, or by Persons entering into unlawful Combinations Or Conspiracies; to continue in Force for Two Years from and after the passing thereof, and from thence until the End of the then*next Session of Parliament: And Whereas the said Act is about to expire at the End of this present Session of Parliament, and it is expedient that the fame should be continued* Be it therefore enacted by The King's 'Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Act shall be and the fame is hereby further continued, and shall be in Force in Ireland, from the End of this present Session of Parliament, for a further Period of One Year, and no longer.

CAP. LI.

An Act to regulate the Celebration of Marriages in Newfoundland.

[27th June 1817.]

WHEREAS a Doubt has existed whether the Law of England requiring Religious Ceremonies in the Celebration of Marriage to be performed by Persons in Holy Orders, for the perfect Validity of the Marriage Con trad, be in Force in Newfoundland; and by reason of this Doubt, Marriages have been of late celebrated in Newfoundland by Persons not in Holy Orders: And Whereas great Inconvenience and Irregularities may arise if these Doubts shall continue to prevail; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the First Day of January in the Year One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, all Marriages had in Newfoundland shall be celebrated by Persons in Holy Orders; and all Marriages which shall be contracted or celebrated in Newfoundland contrary to this Act, after the First Day of January in the Year One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, shall be and are hereby declared to be null and void: Provided nevertheless, that nothing contained in this Act shall extend or be construed to extend to any Marriages that may be had under Circumstances of peculiar and extreme Difficulty in procuring a Person in Holy Orders to perform the Celebration, and in which the Law might on that account other wile determine on the Validity of such Marriages: Provided always, that in all such cases the Circumstance of the case and the actual Contract of Marriage shall be certified on the Oath of the Parties before the Magistrate nearest to the usual Residence of the Parties, or either of them, or before some other Person duly authorized by the Governor or Officer administering the Government at Newfoundland, to administer such Oath.

II. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act shall efttend or be construed to extend to Marriages already had, or that shall be had previous to the First Day of January in the Year One thousand eight hundred and eighteen: Provided also, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend to any Marriages amongst the People called Quakers, or amongst the Persons professing the Jewish Religion, where both the Parties to any such Marriage shall be of the People called Quakers, or Persons professing the Jewish Religion respectively.

III. And be it further enacted, That tins Ad may be altered, amended or repealed by any Act or Acts to be passed in the present Session of Parliament.

CAP. LII.

An Act to alter an Act passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for the more effectual securing the Payment of Rents, and preventing Frauds by Tenants.

[27th June 1817.]

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for the more ejfcSualfecuring the Payment of Rents, and 1 Pje^entinZ Frauds by Tenants, it is amongst other things enacted, that from and after the Twenty fourth*Day of June One thousand seven hundred and thirty eight, if any Tenant holding any Lands, Tenements*or Hereditaments at a Rack Rent, or where the Rent reserved should be full Three fourths of the Yearly*Value of the demised Premises, who should be in Arrear for One Year's Rent, should desert the demised

' Premises,

Act may be altered, &c. this Session

54 G. 3. c. 1 So.

continued.

Marriages to be solemnized in Newfoundland by Persons in Holy Orders. Proviso for Difficulty in procuring Persons in Holy Orders being certified on Oath.

Proviso for Marriages already contracted, Quakers and Jews.

Act may be altered, &c. this Session.

11 G. 2. c. 19. §16.

Extended to Tenants in Arrear for One Half Year's Rent instead of One Year.

Murders and Manslaughters committed in certain Foreign Parts not within His Majesty's Dominions, may be tried in any of His Majesty's Foreign Plantations, in same manner as Offences committed on the High Seas.

46G.3. c-54-

Proviso for Stat. 33 H.8. c. 23.

Act may be altered, &c. this Session.

C. 52, 53- 57° GEORGII III. A.D. 1817.

Premises, and leave the fame uncultivated or unoccupied, so as no sufficient Distress could be had to

countervail the Arrears of Rent, it should and might be lawful to and for Two or more Justices of the Peace of the County, Riding, Division or Place (having no Interefr in the demised Premises)^ at the Request of the Leifor or Landlord, Lessors or Landlords, or his, her or their Bailiff or Receiver, to go upon and view the fame, and to affix or cause to be affixed on the most notorious Part of the Premises Notice in

Writing what Day (at the Distance of Fourteen Days at leafij they would return to take a Second View thereof; and if upon such Second View the Tenant* or some Person on his or her 'behalf, should not appear and pay the Rent in Arrear, or there should not be sufficient Distress upon the Premises, then the said Justices might put the Landlord or Landlords, Lessor or Lessors, into the Possession of the said demised

Premises; and the Lease thereof to such Tenant, as to any Demise therein contained onlv\ should from

thenceforth become void: And Whereas it is expedient, for the due Protection of the Interest of Landlords,

that so much of the said Act as requires a Tenant to be in Arrear for One Year's Rent should be altered, and that the Provisions of the said Act should be extended to Tenancies where no Right of Entry in case

of Non Payment is reserved to the Landlord Be it therefore enacted t>y The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act the Provisions, Powers and Remedies by the said recited Act given to Lessors and Landlords in case of any Tenant deserting the demised Premises and leaving the fame uncultivated or unoccupied, so as no sufficient Distress can be had to countervail the Arrears of Rent, shall be extended to the case of Tenants holding any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments at a Rack Rent, or where the Rent reserved shall be full Three fourths of the Yearly Value of the demised Premises, and who shall be in Arrear for One Half Years* Rent, finstead of for One Year as in the said recited Act is provided and enacted, ) and who shall hold such Lands and Tenements or Hereditaments under any Demise or Agreement either written or verbal, and although no Right or Power of Re-entry be reserved or given to the Landlord in case of Non Payment of Rent, who shall be in Arrear for One Half Year's Rent, instead of for One Year, as in the said recited Act is provided and enacted.

CAP. LIII.

An Act for the more effectual Punishment of Murders and Manslaughters committed in Places not within His Majesty's Dominions.'[27th t/iwrt 1817.]

WHEREAS grievous Murders and Manslaughters have been committed at the Settlement in the Bay ' of Honduras in South America, the fame being a Settlement, for certain Purposes, in the Possession

and Under the Protection of His Majesty, but not within the Territory and Dominion of His Majesty, by ' Persons redding and being within the said Settlement; and the like Offences have also been committed^in

the South Pacific Ocean, as well on the High Seas as on Land, in the Islands of New Zealand and Otabsite,

and in other Islands, Countries and Places not within His Majesty's Dominions, by the Mailers and Crews

of British Ships, and other Persons who have for the most Part deserted from or left their Ships, and have continued to live and reside amongst the Inhabitants of those Islands; whereby great Violence has been done,

and a general Scandal and Prejudice raised against the Name and Character of British and other European

Traders: And Whereas such Crimes and Offences do escape unpunished, by reason of the Difficulty of

bringing to Trial the Persons guilty thereof: ' For Remedy whereof be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act all Murders and Manslaughters committed or that shall be committed on Land at the said Settlement in the Bay of Honduras by any Person or Persons residing or being within the said Settlement, and all Murders and Manslaughters committed or that shall be committed in the said Islands of New Zealand and Otaheitef or within any other Islands, Countries, or Places not within His Majesty's Dominions, nor subject to any European State or Power, nor within the Territory of the United States of America, by the Mailer or Crew of any British Ship or Vessel, or any of them* or by any Person failing in or belonging thereto, or that shall have failed in or belonged to and have quitted any British Ship or Vessel to live in any of the said Islands, Countries, or Places, or either of them, or that shall be there living, shall and may be tried, adjudged and punched in any of His Majesty's Islands, Plantations, Colonies, Dominions, Forts or Factories, under or by virtue of The King's Commission or Commissions, which shall have been or which shall hereafter be issued under and by virtue and in pursuance of the Powers and Authorities of an Act passed in the Forty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the morespecdy Trial of Offences committed in dislant Parts upon the Seay in the same manner as if such Offence or Offences had been committed on the High Seas.

II. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall repeal or affect, or be construed to repeal or affect, the Provisions of an Act made and passed in the Thirty third Year of King Henry the Eighth, intituled An Act to proceed by Commission of Oyer and Terminer against such Persons as shall confess Treason9 etc without remanding the same to he tried in the Shire where the Offence Was committed.

III. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, amended or repealed by any Act or Act* to be passed in this prefect Session of Parliament.

95

A.D. 1817. 57° GEORGII III. C. 54.

*CAP LIV.

An Act to enable the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues to make

and maintain a Road from Millbank Row, Westminster> to the Penitentiary.

[27th June I fti 7.]

WHEREAS in pursuance and under the Authority of an Act of Parliament passed in the Fifty

second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the Erection of a Penitentiary House for the Confinement of Offenders convicted within the City of London and County of Middlesex; and for making Compensation to Jeremy Bentham Esquire for the Non Performance of an Agreement between the said Jeremy Bentham and the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, respect'tng the Custody and Maintenance of Convi3sy a Penitentiary for the Confinement and Employment of Male and Female Convids has been erected at Millhanly in the County of Middlesex, on Lands now verted in His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, by virtue of the said Act, for the Use of the Public and the Purposes of the said Act; and the fame is now completed and fit for the Reception of Part of the Persons intended to be confined therein $ but no Carriage Way has yet been set out for parting and repafiing between the said Penitentiary and the City of Westminster: And Whereas it is necessary and expedient, for opening a Communication with the said Penitentiary, that a free and public Carriage Way should be made and maintained from the South End of Millbank Rows in the Liberty of Westminster, over a Piece or Parcel of Land belonging to the Earl Grosvenor, and now in the Possession of Thomas Sargent as Occupier thereof, and by him used as a Wharf, and to be continued along the Bank of the River Thames in the Line of the old Footh Path, to the Lodge or Gate of the said Penitentiary: And Whereas the whole of the Land required for the Purpose of making the said intended Road, except the Piece pr Parcel of Land which so belongs to the Earl Grosvenor as aforesaid, being the Property of His Majesty in Right of His Crown, it is expediei* that the Commissioners for the time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues should be authorized and empowered to appropriate so much of the Land so belonging to His Majesty in Right of His Crown as aforesaid, as shall be requisite for that Purpose, to be used for the said intended Road, and to make and maintain such intended Road, and to make Compensation to the said Earl Grosvenor, and all Persons lawfully claiming under him, for such Part of the said Parcel of Land belonging to him as shall be taken and required by virtue of this Act by and out of the Land Revenue of the Crown : May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Commissioners for the time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues shall be and they are hereby appointed Commissioners for carrying this Act into Execution; and that it shall and may be lawful for such Commissioners, by and with the Consent and Approbation of any Three or more of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for the time being, to be signified by any Minute in Writing, or by Letter from any one of their Secretaries, in pursuance of such Minute, to set out and make, and hereafter to maintain and keep in Repair an open, free and public Carriage Road, commencing from the South End of Millbank Rowt in the Liberty of Westminster, through and over a Piece or Parcel of Ground belonging to the Earl Grosvenor, and now in the Possession of Thomas Sargent as Occupier, and fsom thence to be continued over the Crown Lands along the Bank of the River to the Lodge or Gate of the Penitentiary lately erected under the said recited Act; such Road to be a free and public Road, to be used by all His Majesty's Subjects on Foot or on Horseback, and for the Passage of Carriages, Carts, Waggons and other Vesseles.

II. And be it further enacted, That that Part of the said intended Road which shall be made through and over the said Piece or Parcel of Land belonging to the said Earl Grosvenor, shall not exceed in Width Thirty Feet to be measured from a Line ranging with the Face of the Front Area of the last or Southernmost House in Millbank Row, and including in the said Width of Thirty Feet the present Fobtway.

III. Provided, and it is hereby further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners for carrying this Act into Execution, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, if they shall think it expedient so to do, by and with the Consent of the said Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, or any Three or more or them, to be signified in manner aforesaid, to extend and continue the said intended Road from the said Lodge or Gate of the Penitentiary over the Crown Lands in a Southern Direction, until it shall meet the Branch or Road now forming leading towards the Penitentiary from and out of the High Road from Vauxhall Bridge to Pimlico, and shall form a Junction therewith.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners for the time being for carrying this Act into Execution, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, by and with the Consent and Approbation of any Three or more of the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, to be signified as aforesaid, from' time to time to appropriate, lay out and expend so much of the Money arising from the Land Revenues of the Crown under their Management as may be necessary for making and afterwards maintaining and keeping in Repair the said intended Road, and for paying such Sums of Mouey as Compensations to the said Earl Grosvenor and Thomas Sargenty or any other Persons having any Estate, Right or Interest therein, for the Value of such Ground, and of their respective Estates or Interests therein, and for any Injury or Damage they may respectively sustain by the making of such Road, as may be agreed upon and settled between the said Commissioners and the said Earl Grosvenor and other Persons, or which may be awarded and ascertained by the Verdict of a Jury in manner herein after directed.

S % G. 3. c. 44.

Commissioners.

Public Carriage Road to be made from the South End of Millbank Row.

Road through the Land of Earl Grosvenor not to exceed 30 feet wide.

Rond may be extended from the Lodge of the Penitentiary to the Branch of Road leading from Vauxhall Bridge to Pimlico.

Money necessary for making and keeping the Road in Repair, and for Compensation to Earl Grosvenor and Thomas Sargent, may be apfftied from the Land Revenue with Consent of the Treasury.

96

Commissioners to treat with Earl Crofvenor^nd T. Sargent for the Purchasf of the Ground to be taken from them for the new Road.

The said Persons refuting, &c. to treat, or not agreeing, &c.

Jury to ascertain the Purchase Money and Compensation.

WitnessTes called hefdre Jury.

Jury to view if Occasion. Money assessed by Jury to be paid by the Commissioners to Earl Grosvenor and T, Sargent.

Regulations for summoning and impannelling a Jury.

Notice to Commissioners, dating Particulars of Claims, before aay Award of Com(H: nCition is made.

C. 54. 57° GEORGII III. A.D. 1817.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners for the time being for carrying this Act into Execution and they are hereby authorized, by and with such Consent and Approbation as aforesaid, to treat and agree with the said Earl. Grosvenor. and Thomas Sargentr or any such other Person or Persons as aforesaid, for the absolute Purchase of the said Piece or Parcel of Ground, of or belonging to him or them, hereby authorized to be taken for the Purposes of this Act, and of all their respective Estates and Interests therein, and for the settling what Compensations shall be paid or given to the said Earl and Thomas Sargent, or such other Person or Persons as aforesaid, either in Money or other Equivalent, for any Injury which may be sustained by or occassioned to them by the making and maintaining of such intended Road j and if the said Earl Grosvenor and Thomas Sargent9 or any such other Person or Persons having and proving an Interest in the said Ground and Premises, shall neglect or refuse to treat, or shall not agree in the Premises, or from any Cause shall be prevented from treating with the said Commissioners for the time being, or with the Person or Persons authorized by them to treat and agree on their Behalf, then and in such case the High Bailiff of the City and Liberty of Westminster, or his Deputy, shall, upon the Warrant of the said Commissioners for the time being for carrying this Act into Exeqution 1 rt manner herein after mentioned, and he is hereby authorized and required to cause it to be enquired into and ascertained, upon the Oaths of a Jury of Twelve indifferent Men of the said City or Liberty of Westminster, which Oaths the said High Bailiff or his Deputy is hereby empowered to administer, what Damages will be sustained by, and what Recompence and Satisfaction shall be made to the said Earl Grosvenor as Owner, and the said Thomas Sargent as Occupier, or to any other Person or Persons claiming or proving any Interest therein as aforesaid, for the Value of such Piece or Parcel of Land to be taken and occupied for the Purposes of this Act, and of the proportionable Value of their respective Interests therein, and shall assess and award the Sum or Sums of Money to be paid to them respectively for the fame; and in order thereto the said High Bailiff or his Deputy is hereby empowered and required from time to time, as Occasion shall require, to summon and call before the said Jury and examine upon Oath all and every Person and Persons whomsoever who shall be thought necessary and proper to be examined as a Witness or Witnessetf touching or concerning the Premises, which Oath the said High Bailiff or his Deputy is hereby empowered to administer; and the said High Bailiff or his Deputy shall order and cause 'the said Jury to view the Place in question if there be Occasion, and to use all other Ways and Means, as well for their own as for the Jury's better Information in the Premises, as such High Bailiff or his Deputy shall think fit 5 and after the said Jury shall have enquired of and ascertained such Value, Damages and Compensation, the said High Bailiff or his Deputy shall thereupon order the Sum or Sums of Money so assessed by the said Jury to be paid by the Commissioners for the time being for carrying this Act into Execution to the said Earl Grosvenor and Thomas Sargent9 and to any other Person or Persons to whom any such Compensation shall or may be awarded to be paid, according to such Verdict or Inquisition of the said Jury; Provided always, that tj>e Court of King's Bench shall have full Power and Authority, if it shall fee Cause, on Motion made to such Court for that Purpose by the Party who shall be dissatisfied with the fame, to set aside such Verdict or Inquisition, and to direct the said High Bailiff or Deputy to summon a new Jury 5 but all ftrch Verdicts and Inquisitions shall be binding on all Persons and Parties whatsoever, unless such Motion shall be made to the Court, for Setting aside the fame, within the first Term after the taking thereof.

VI. And be it further enacted, That for the summoning and returning of such Jury or Juries the said Commissioners for the time being for carrying this Act into Execution are hereby authorized and empowered to issue their Warrant or Warrants to the said High Bailiff or his Deputy to summon, impannel and return, at Some convenient Place in the said City of 1VejtminJier9 a Jury of not less than Thirty five nor more than Forty eight honest and indifferent Men, qualified according to Law to be returned for Trials of Issues in His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster9 to appear before the said High Bailiff or his Deputy at such time and Place as in such Warrant shall be appointed; and Fourteen Days' Notice iii Writing at the least, under the Hands of the Said Commissioners for the time being for executing this Act, or under the Hand of their Solicitor, of the time and Place at which such Jury are so acquired to be returned, shall be given to the said Earl Grosvenor and the said Thomas Sargent9 and to all other Persons interested in the Premises, before the time of the Meeting of such Jury, by leaving*such Notice or Notices at the Dwelling Houses of the said Earl Grosvenor9 Thomas Sargent and such other Person or Persons as aforesaid; and the said High Bailiff and his Deputy are hereby required and empowered to impannel, summon and return such Number accordingly; and out of the Persons so impannelled, summoned and returned, or out of such of them as shall appear on such Summons, the said High Bailiff or his Deputy shall swear or cause to be sworn Twelve, who shall be the Jury for the Purposes aforesaid; and, in Default of a sufficient Number of Jurymen, shall return other honest and sufficient Men of the Standers by, or that can speedily be procured to attend that Service, being qualified as last aforesaid, to the Number of Twelve; and it shall be lawful for all Persona concerned to attend by themselves, their Counsel and Solicitors, and to be heard and to adduce Evidence before the said High Bailiff; or his Deputy, and such Persons shall also have their lawful Challenges against any of the said Jurymen when they come to be fworni but shall not challenge the Array.

VIT. And be it further enacted, That no Jury to be summoned by virtue of this Act shall be allowed to assess or award any Sum or Sums of Money to any Person or Persons by way of Compensation for any Injury or Damage alleged to have been sustained by him or them by reason or Means of this Act, or any thing which may or shall be done in the Execution hereof, unless Notice in Writing, stating the Particulars of every such Claim, and how, and in what manner the Amount thereof is made out and computed, shall hsfre been giyen by or on behalf of such Person or Persons to the said Commissioners for the time being for executing this Act, or to their Solicitor, Ten Days at least before the time of the Meeting of such Jury.

VIII. An4

A.J)>i8U7/-

5i? mmm hl

5-7

yill. And be it further tm^sted, That if the said High Bailiff or his Deputy, so directed to summon and Default of High return a Jury as aforesaid, shall ipake default in the Premises, he shall for evefy such OffrfiCfc forfeit and par rcturfl

any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds; and if any Person so summoned and returned as aforesaid, upon such on*i "ry* Jury shall not appear, or appearing shall refuse to be sworn or ip give his Verdict, or shall in any other Jurymen and manner wilfully neglect his Duty, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, or if any Person Witnesses summoned as a Witness (half not appear, or appearing shall refuse to be examined or give Evidence, any Per- neglecting their son so offending, having no reasonable Excuse to be allowed by the said High Bailiff or his Deputy, shall Tor Duty* every such Offence forfeit and ^>ay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds; which several and respective Pe- Penalty, nalties shall and may be levied by virtue of any Warrant under the Haqd and Seal of any One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said City of WeRmtnJlery by Distress and §ale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person so offending, rendering to him, her or them the Overplus, after such* Penalty and the Charges of such Distress and Sale shall be aedufted..1

IX. And be it further enacted, That in case any Jury to be summoned and sworn pursuant; to the Autho- If Verdict be rity of this Act shall give in a Verdict or Assessment for more Money as a Recompence, Compensation or given for a huger Satisfaction for the Right, Interest or Property of the said Earl Qrofvenor, Thomas Sargent, or any other^ of"

Person or Persons, in such piece or Parcel of Land to be taken for the Purposes of this Act, than shall havef jurVtobe paid been agreed to have been given and pffered for the fame by the said Commissioners for the time being for exe- by the Commif-cuting this Act^ before the summoning and returning of such Jury; then and in evety such case all the sioners; but if reasonable Cods, Charges and Expenses of causing and procuring such Recomper.ce, Qompensation or Sa- S, ven forno tisfaction to be assessed by a Jury, shall be settled by the said High Bailiff or his Deputy before whom such Claim shall have been tried, and shall be paid by the said Commissioners for the time being for executing this party flun Act; but if any Jury so summoned and sworn as aforesaid shall give any Verdict or Assessment for no more the Expence, or for less Money as such Recompence, Compensation and Satisfaction as aforesaid, than shall have been agreed to and offered by the said Commissioners for the fame before the summoning and returning of the said*

Jury, or in case no Damage shall be given by the Verdict where the Dispute i9 for Damages only, or if the If no Damage causing and procuring of such Jury to be summoned shall have arisen from a Refusal to treat or agree with g'v«n» orlf Jury the said Commissioners for the time being by any Person or Persons whoipsoever who is or are ty, the Pro- ^cafionedby yifions of this Act or otherwise legally empowered to treat; then all such Qofts, Charges and Expenses, to Krelt^\thCom-be settled by such High Bailiff or his Deputy in manner aforesaid, shall be paid to the Commissioners for the missioners, ° time being for executing this Act, by the said Earl Grofucnor, Thomas Sargenty or such other Person or then Cofato be Persons so claiming such Compensation, or refusing to treat and agree as before mentioned respectiv'elj', Tave settled by Hi^h only and except where by reason of Absenceor like Cause any Person shall have been prevented from treating Bad, fforD«-and agreeing as aforesaid, in which case no Colts, Charges or Expenses shall be allowed to either Party a6

and Persons entitled to such Money so adjudged; and Payment or Tender of the Remainder of such Money1 shall be deemed and taken to be^Payment or Tender of the whole Sum or Sums so adjudged or affefifed» or in case no sufficient Sum of Money shall be awarded or assessed to be paid by the said* Cotnmimonerd, whercout such Colts, Charges and Expenses can be deducted, then the fame mall and may be recovered by fufh Way# and Means as herein after provided for the Recovery of Penalties, Forfeitures and Fines by this Act imposed or authorized to be imposed. '

X. And be it further enacted, That all the said Judgments and Verdicts shall be recorded in the Office Judgments and of the Auditor of His Majesty's Land Revenue, and a Minute or Docket thereof shall be entered and pre- Verdict* to served in the Office of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, and all such Judgments and Verdicts shall be afterwards depositea with the Clerk of the Peace of the said City of West» ^Uf|jor^ minster, or with the Keeper of the Records of the Quarter Sessions, to be kept and preserved by him amongst Land Revenae, the Records of the Quarter Sessions of the said City and Liberty, and shall be deemed to be Records to all and afterwards Intents and Purposes whatsoever, and the fame or true Copies thereof shall be allowed to be good Evidence deposited with in all Courts whatsoever, and all Persons shall have Liberty to inspefl the fame, paying for such Inspection the Sum of One Shilling, and to take Copies thereof, paying for every Copy the Sum of Sixpence for every minster One hundred Words, and so in Proportion for any less Number of Words. Fee for In-

XI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons who, in any Examination to be speftion. taken on Oath by virtue of this Act, shall wilfully give false Evidence or forswear themselves before any fdch Perjury.

Jury, or before any Justice of Peace, shall and may be prosecuted for the fame, and upon Conviction thereof

shall be subject and liable to such and the fame Pains and Penalties as Persons guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury are by the Laws in being subject and liable to*

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners for the time being for Limp* to be tf-

executing this Act, and they are hereby empowered, from time to time, to cause such and so many Lamp °Ii>t^f^1*

Poflts and Lamp Irons to he put up or fixed in, upon or along the Sides of the said Road as they shall think*the proper, and also to cause such Number of Lamps of such Sizes and Sorts to be provided and affixed upon such

L»arap Posts and Lamp Irons as they shall think necessary for lighting the said Road and every or anj Part thereof.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall wilfully and maliciously break, cut Breaking Lamp*,

57 Gep

9

C. 54.

57° GEORGII III.

A.D. 181^.

herein mentioned.

[Penalty.]

of the Polls, Rails or Stones, or any Bank or Mound which may be erected for the Security of the said Road; or if any Person or Persons shall plough over or drag any Plough upon any Part of the said Road; or if any Person or Persons shall scrape off any Mud, Soil or other Matter or Thing which shall be or lie upon any Part of the said Road, with any Instrument, so as to damage the said Road or any Part thereof; or if any Person shall hale or draw, or cause to be haled or drawn, upon any Part of the said Road which shall not have been previously paved, and shall be then paved, any Tree 9r Piece of Timber, or any Stone, otherwise than upon Wheel Carriages, or shall suffer any Part of any Tree or Piece of Tirtiber or Stone which shall be carried upon a wheeled Carriage, to drag upon any Part of the said Road to the Prejudice thereof; or if any Person driving any Pigs or Swine upon the fame Road shall suffer the same to root up or damage the said Road or any Part thereof; or if any Person shall in any manner wilfully prevent any other Person or Persons from patting him, her or them upon the said Road, or the Coach, Chaise, Waggon, Cart or other Carriage under his, her or their Care; or if any Person or Persons shall leave any Waggon, Wain, Cart or other Carriage longer than shall be necessary for loading and unloading, and (landing as near to the Side of the said Road as conveniently may be, in, upon or on the Side of the said Road, either with or without any Horse 'or Bead of Draught harnessed or yoked thereto $ or if any Person shall lay any Piece of Timber, or any Stones, Bricks, Hay, Straw, Lime, Dung, Manure, Soil, Rubbish or other Matter or Thing whatsoever in or upon any Part of the said Road, or to the Prejudice thereof, or to the Annoyance or Prejudice of any Person or Persons passing or repassing thereon; every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

ObstructingPer-

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall assault, interrupt or hinder, or cause to be focis employed in assaulted, interrupted or hindered, any Person or Persons by the said Commissioners for the time being for PenaltT*8*carrying this Act into Execution, or by any Contractor, employed in the Execution of this Act, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

Contracts way

XV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners f<*r the time be entered into being for carrying this Act into Execution, or for such Person or Persons as they for that Purpose (halt Rold^nd^kee aPP0lnt> to contract with any Person or Persons for setting otit, making, raising, repairing and keeping in; Repair the said Road, and also for setting up and affixing the Lamp Pods and Lamp Irons on and for lighting

the said Road, or any Part or Parts thereof respectively, and for doing any other Work by this Act authorized to be done, in such manner and for such Sums of Money, or other Compensation or Consideration, as the said Commissioners for the time being for executing this Act shall think proper; and all Contrafts in Writing for any of the Purposes aforesaid, which shall be entered into, shall be binding to all Parties who shall sign the , lame, his, her and their Executors and Administrators; and Actions and Suits may be maintained thereon, and Damages and Cods recovered against the Parties failing therein.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That all Matters, Acts and Things authorized or necessary to be done fionen may aft. by the said Commissioners in pursuance of this Act, may be done and executed by any Two of them; and the fame shall be as valid and effectual, and shall have the fame Force and Effect, as if such Matters, Acts and Things had been done and executed by all the said Commissioners.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties, Forfeitures and Fines hereby inflicted or authorized to be imposed, the manner of levying which is not herein otherwise directed, shall, upon Proof of the Offencea respectively before any One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the City and Liberty of Westm\nJlcr9 or for the County of Middlesex* either by the Confeffipn of the Party or Parties themselves, or upon the Oath of One or more Witness or Witnesses, which such Justice is hereby empowered to administer, be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice; which Warrant the said Justice is hereby empowered to grant for that Purpose; and the Overplus, if any, after such Penalties, Forfeitures and Fines, and the Charges of such Distress and Sale, are recovered and deducted, shall be returned upon Demand to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels; and the Penalties, Forfeitures and Fines, when recovered and paid, shall be applied for the Purposes of this Act; and in case sufficient Distress shall not be found, and such Penalties shall not be forthwith paid, it shall and may be lawful for any such Justice of Peace as aforesaid, and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to Gaol, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, unless such Penalties, Forfeitures and Fines, and all reasonable Charges, shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think himself, % Quarter Sessions. herself or themselves aggrieved by any thing done in pursuance of this Act, such Person or Persons may

appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the First General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the City and Liberty of Westminster next after the Expiration of Three Months from the time such Matter of Appeal shall have arisen, the Person or Persons appealing having first given Ten Days* Notice at the lead of his, her or their Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof, to the Solicitor of the said Commissioners, and within Three Days' Notice entering into a Recognizance before some Justice of the Peace for such City and Liberty, with sufficient Sureties, to try such Appeal, and abide the Order thereof, and to pay such Costs as shall be awarded by the Justices at such Quarter Sessions; and the said Justices in such Sessions, upon due Proof of such Notice and Recognizance having been given and entered into, are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine the Matter of such Appeal in a summary Way, and to make such Determination therein, and to award such Costs to either of the Parties, or otherwise, as they shall judge proper; and the said Justices may, if they fee Cause, mitigate any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, and may also order such further Satisfaction to be made to the Party injured as they shall judge reasonable; and all such Determinations of the said Justices shall be final, binding and conclusive upon all tarries to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever;

and for lighting it, Sec.

Two Comnuf-

Penalties how to be recovered.

Distress.

How Penalties applied.

If no Distress, koprisonment.

Appeal to

Notice.

Recognisance.

Costs.

Mitigation of Penalty.

A.D. 1817. 57° GEORGII III. C. 54, 55, 99

whatsoever; and the said Justices at such Seffipna mav also by their Order or Warrant levy such Costs so Colts levied by awarded by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons who shall refuse to pay the Distress. fame, and for want of sufficient Distress commit such Person or Persons to the Prison of or for the said City imprisommmt. and Liberty for any time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, or until Payment of such Costs.

Xlk. And be it further enacted, That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in any Action to be com- Notice to be menced against any Person or Persons for any thing done in pursuance of this Act, unless Notice in Writing «*lveP any shall have been given to the Defendant or Defendants, Twenty eight Days at least before such Action fliaQ be commenced, of such intended Action, signed by the Attorney for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, specifying the, TenlLr of*° cause of such Action; nor shall the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs recover in any such Action, if Tender of sufficient Amendamay be Amends hath been made to him, her or them, or to his, her or their Attorney, by or on behalf of the De- offered, fendant or Defendants, before such Action brought; and in case no such Tender shall have been made, it shall be lawful for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action, by Leave of the Court, after such Action shall have been brought, at any time before Issue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money as he, she or they shall think fit, whereupon such Proceedings, Order and Judgment shall be made and given in and by such Court as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

XX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Limitation of Person or Persons for any thing done in pursuance of this Act after Three Calendar Months next after thie Actions.

Fast committed, and every such Action or Suit shall be brought and tried in the County of Middlesex, and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action or Suit shall or may plead, at his or their Election, specially or the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had there- General Issue. upon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if the same shall appear to have been so done, or if any such Action or Suit shall be brought before Twenty eight Days' Notice thereof shall have been given, or after a sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, or after the time limited for bringing such Action or Suit, or shall be brought in any other County than as aforesaid, then and in every such case the Jury shall find a Verdict for the Defendant or Defendants $ and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his, her or their Action or Suit, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then and in every such case the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Treble Costs, and have Treble Costs. such Remedy for recovering the same as any Defendant hath for Costs of Suit in other cases by Law,

CAP. LV.

An Act to continue an Act to empower His Majesty to secure and detain such Persons as His Majesty shall suspect are conspiring against Hisrerson and Government.

[30th June 1817.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in this Session of Parliament, intituled an Act to empower His Majesty to secure and detain such Persons as HU MajestyshallfuJpcS are conspiring against HU Person and Government, which Act was to continue in force until the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and seventeen: And Whereas it is necessary for the public Safety that the Provisions of the said Act

should be further continued: Therefore, for the better Preservation of His Majesty's sacred Person, and the sacred Person of His Royal Highness The Prince Regent, and for fiecuring the Peace and Laws and Liberties of this Kingdom Be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all or any Person or Persons that are or shall be in Prison within that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain at or upon the Day on which this Act shall receive His Majesty's Royal A (Tent, or after, by Warrant of His said Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council, signed by Six of the said Privy Council, for High Treason, Suspicion of High Treason or Treasonable Practices, or by Warrant signed by any of His Majesty's Secretaries of State, for such Causes as aforesaid, may be detained in safe Custody, without Bail or Mainprize, until the First Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eighteen 5 and that no Judge or Justice of the Peace shall bail or try any such Person or Persons so committed, without Order from His said Majesty's Privy Council, signed by Six of the said Privy Council, until the First Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eighteen; any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Act made in Scotland in the Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and one, intituled An Act for preventing wrongous Imprisonment, and against undue Delays in Trials, in so far as the fame may be construed to relate to the Cases of Treason and Suspicion of Treason, with respect to Persons so committed as aforesaid, be suspended until the First Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eighteen 5 and that until the First Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eighteen no Judge, Justice of Peace, or other Officer of the Law of Scotland\ shall liberate, try or admit to Bail any Person or Persons that is, are or shall be in Prison within Scotland under a Warrant or Warrants so signed as aforesaid, for such Causes as aforesaid, without Order from His said Majesty's Privy Council, signed by Six of the said Privy Council.

III. Provided always, That from and after the First Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eighteen the said Persons so committed shall have the Benefit and Advantage of all Laws and Statutes in any way relating to or providing for the Liberty of the Subjects of this Realm.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act shall be construed to extend to invalidate the ancient Rights and Privileges of Parliament, or to the Imprisonment or Detaining of any Member, of either House of Parliament during the Sitting of such Parliament, until the Matter of which he (lands fuf-


c. 3. ante.

Persons imprisoned for High Treason, & c. may be detained until lit March 1818; and shall not be bailed or tried without an Order from the Privy Council.

Act in Scotland of 1701, so far as relates to Treason, suspended. Persons committed there not tu be tried, See. without such Order as aforesaid.

After March 1, 1818, Persons committed to have the Benedt of the Laws. Proviso for Privileges of Members of pai lia. ment.

iv6'o

Indiclmtntt fqr High Treason already found, to be tried.

0.55, 56.

57° GEORGII IIt

A.D. 18*7.

Secretary of State may order Persons committed for High Treason, Sec. to be removed to any other Gaol. Persons so removed not to be deprived of Right to be tried or discharged.

[Continuance of Act.]

Act may be altered, kcs this Session.

pefted he first communicated to tHc HouTe of which lie is a Member, and the Coil rent of the said House obtained for his Commitment or Detaining.

' V. Provided nevertheless, That any Person or Persons In Prison at the time of passing this Act, against whom any JBill or Bills of Indictment( for High Treason have been already found, uiall and may be tried On the said Indictment as if this Act had never passed.

\VI. And Whereas divers Persons are now in Custody on Charges of High Treason and Suspicion of High Treason, under Warrants from One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State or from His Majesty1* ' Privy Council, and it may be highly important that such Persons as have been or shall be secured and de-

tamed on such Charges under and by virtpe of such Warr!mt or Warrants should be kept wholly separate and ' apart from each other, so as 19 prevent all Communication between them and with other Persons, except such

Communication as His Majesty may think fit to permit, and under such Restrictions as maybe advisable; and "^Pqubts may arise how far the Powers of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State to change the Place* ' of Confinement of Persons so committed extend; and it is expedient to provide that the same shall not be ' so exercised as to deprive the Persons so committed of any Right to be tried or discharged which they might ' respectively have had if their respective Places of Confinement had not been changed: ' Now, to obviate all Doubts and Difficulties in respect thereof, be it further enacted and declared, That it shall he lawful for One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, as he shall see Occasion, to order any Person committed to any Gaol or other Prison on any Charge of High Treason, Suspicion of High Treason or Treasonable Practices, either before or after Indictment found, to be conveyed to and detained in any other Gaol or other Prison until discharged by due Course of Law, and to issue all Warrants necessary for such Purposes: Provided always nevertheless, that no Person who shall be removed by any such Warrant as aforesaid mail be by means of such Removal deprived of such Right to be tried or discharged as such Person would by Law have been entitled to if not so removed 5 and in every case in which any such Person would have been entitled to have been tried or discharged, if such Person had continued in the Gaol or Prison to which such Person was bfcfore committed, it shall be lawful for such Person to apply to be bailed or discharged in the same manner as such Person might have done if such Person had remained in the Gaol or Prison to which such Person was before committed as aforesaid.

VII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue in force until the First Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eighteen.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, amended or repealed by any Act or Acts to be made in this present Session of Parliament#

CAP. LVI.

a* G. 3.0.3*.

W

99 G. 3. c. 8.

31 G. 3. c. 25.

3a G. 3. c. a5.

00

38 a 3. c. 50.

390.3- c. 67.

00

40 G. 3. c. 30.

0)

49 G. 3. c. 83. fU.K)

An Act: to amend the Laws in respect to forfeited Recognizances in Ireland.

[30th June 1817/J

WHEREAS the several Acts of Parliament passed from time to time, to regulate and secure the

*, Collection of the Sums arising from forfeited Recognizances, and from Fines imposed at Aflizesa

Sessions of Oyer and Terminer and General Gaol Delivery, and Sessions of the Peace in Ireland, have been found inefficient for that Purpose; and it is therefore expedient that the said Acts should be repealed, and

that more effectual Provision should be made.for the Recovery and Payment of such Sums and Fines; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the &me, That from and after the Commencement of this Act, the several Acts of Parliament hereafter recited shall be repealed; that is to say, an Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the Twenty seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for the better Collection of His Majesty's Revenue arising from forfeited Recognizances; an Act passed in the said Parliament, in the Twenty ninth Year of His said Majesty'a

Reign to amend the said recited Act of the Twenty seventh Year; an Act passed in the said Parliament, in the Thirty first Year of His said Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to discharge such Recognizances entered into for the Appearance and Prosecutioji of Offenders, as were forfeited before the Eighteenth Day of January in the Year One thousand seven hundred and eighty seven, and for more effectually executing the Green Wax Process9so far as the said Act of the Thirty first Year of His said Majesty's Reign relates to such Process; an Act, passed in the faic} Parliament in the Thirty second Year of His said Majesty's Reign, to explain, amend and render more effectual the said recited Acts of the Twenty seventh and Twenty ninth Years of His Majesty's Reign, and to extend the Provisions thereof, and for enlarging the time for John Howard Kyan Esquire to account pursuant to his Recognizance, so far as the said Act of the Thirty fedond Year relates to the Collection of forfeited Recognizances; an Act passed in the said Parliament, in the Thirty eighth Year Of His said Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for the better Collection of Sums arising from forfeited Recognizances, arid from Fines imposed at AJJizes, Commissions of Oyer and Terminer and General Gaol Delivery, and Sessions of the Peace, and for the sature Application of the fame; an Act passed in the said, in the Thirty ninth Year of His said Majesty's Reign, to amend the said Act of the Thirty eighth Year; an Act passed in the said Parliament, in the Fortieth Year of His said Majesty's Reign, to continue the said recited Act of the Thirty eighth Year of His said Majesty's Reign, and to repeal and amend Part of the said recited Act of the Thirty ninth Year of His Majesty's Reign; and an Act passed in the Parliament of the United Kingdom, in the Forty ninth Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for the Amendment of the Laws now in force in Ireland, relative to Persons entering into Recognizances in Criminal Cases, in Custody under any Fine, or under such Recognizances; and the said recited Acts are hereby repealed accordingly; save so far as the lame respectively repeal any former Act or Acts of Parliament, or any

Clause,

mi

A.D. 18 t'j.

5<7° GEORGII III.

Gs6.

Cla\ife, matter or thing therein; and save as to any Proceeding in any case wherein any ProceTs of the Pipe shall have actually Hfaed under the said Acts, or any of them, previous to the Commencement of this Act, and the Collectiop arid Application of the Fines and forfeited Recognizances in any such case; and save so far as any of the said Acts purport to discharge any Recognizance theretofore forfeited,

taken

Chief Justice of the said Court of King's Bench, or by or before any King's Bench, or by or before any Justice or Justices of Oyer and Terminer or Gaol Delivery, or by or before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, either at their Sessions of the Peace or otherwise, or by any Magistrate or other Person lawfully authorized to take the fame, shall contain the Name and Addition of the Person or Persons respectively thereby acknowledging himself, herself or themselves respectively to be bound, and the Name of the Townland, Parish and Barony or Half Barony, or Town or City, and Street therein, (if in a County of a Town or City, ) in which the usual or actual Place or Places of Residence of such Person or Persons is or are respectively situated; and all*and every Persons or Person who shall hereafter come before His Majesty's said Court of King's Bench, or before any of His Majesty's Justices of the said Court, or before, any such Justice or Justices of Oyer and Terminer or Gaol Delivery, or before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, either at their Sessions of the Peace or otherwise, or before any Magistrate or other Person lawfully authorized to admit to Bail, in order to give* Bail or be bound for the Appearance of any Person or Persons charged with any Crime or Crimes, (whidi Person. so charged shall by Law be entitled to Bail, ) or for keeping the Peace, shall respectively make Oath in one of the Forms here following, or in fdme other Form of Words to the like Import aBd Effect respectively; that is to say, if such Person shall reside in a County at large, in this Form; (to wit, )

I A.B. do swear, That I am a Householder, and have a House wherein I usually reside, at

in the Parish of Barony 6r Half Barony of and County of

and that I support and maintain myself by and that I am worth the Sum of [here

insert double the Sum in which he or Jbe is to be bound] over and above all tny just Debts.

'So help me GOD.

And if such Person shall reside in a County of a City or Town, the Words 'reside at' and from thence to

County of* shall be omitted; and instead thereof, these Words shall be inserted; (to wit, ) 'redding in

[naming the Street, Square, Lane or Place] in the Parish of and County of the City or

Town of and every such Oath shall be annexed to or be written on the fame Piece of

Paper or Parchment with the Recognizance, and shall be signed by the Person making the same, and attested by the proper Jurat of the Court, Judge, Justice, or other Person taking the same as aforesaid, and shall be sufficient in lieu of all and every Oaths and Oath required by any Law in force in Ireland to be taken by any such Surety.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to require the Person or Persons charged with any Crime, and for whose Appearance any Recognizance shall be about to be entered into, or any Person or Persons who shall become personally bound to keep the Peace, or any Person or Persons who shall or may hereafter become bound for the Prosecution of any Person or Persons charged with any criminal Offence, to take such Part of the said Oath as relates to such Person or Persons being a Householder, or to his, her or their being respectively worth the Sum or Sums of Money for which he, she or they is and are respectively about to be bound, over and above all their just Debts; but every such last mentioned Person and Persons shall, in like manner and form respectively, make Oath as to the Place, Parish, Barony or Half Barony, and County, and the Town or City and Street therein, (if in a Coutoty of a Town or City, ) in which he, she or they usually or actually reside.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Justice and Justices of the Peace, and all and every Magistrate and other Person lawfully authorized to take Recognizances, who shall hereafter neglect or refuse to return the Recognizances taken before him alone, or before him and any other Magistrate or Person or Persons so authorised to take the fame, in manner herein after mentioned, or shall neglect or refuse to insert in any Recognizance taken before him, solely or with any other or others as aforesaid, the proper Name and Hame^ and Addition or Additions of the Person or Persons entering into the fame, according to the Provisions of this Act, or shall neglect or refuse to administer the Oaths respectively herein before directed and appointed to be administered in manner so directed, shall for every such Neglect or Refusal (in addition to stich Sum as the Judge or Judges of Assize may think fit at the respective Assizes to impose upon any such Justice and Justices of the Peace, or such Magistrate or other Person aforesaid, by way of Fine for such Neglect or Refusal) forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds, to be recovered against him by Bill, Plaint or Information in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record in Dublin, by any Person or Persons who will prosecute or sue for the ikme; wherein no Essoign, Protection or Wager of Law shall be allowed, or more than One Imparlance shall be granted.

V. And be it further enacted, That the several Clerks of the Crown and Peace throughout Ireland shall, on the First Day of every Term next ensuing the time of holding any Commission of Oyer and Terminer and General Gaol Delivery, and Sessions of the Peace respectively, in any County, County of a City, or County of a Town, in Ireland, return to the Comptroller of the Pipe in the Court of Exchequer in Ireland, distinct Estreats of such Recognizances as aforesaid as shall have been forfeited, and such Fines as shall have been imposed thereat respectively; £fave only such Fines as shall have been imposedon Persons actually committed to hnprisonment by the Court imposing such Fine, and for the fame Offence for which such Fine shall have been imposed; ) and that th* several Clerks of Nisi Prius in Ireland shall also, on the First Day* of every Easterund

Michaelmas

All Recognizances ihallfpe-cify the Names, Addition and Residence of the Patties bound.

Persons becoming Bail or giving Surety for keeping the Peace, shall make Oath as herein mentioned.

Oath annexed to or written on the fame Paper with Recognizance.

Principals charge ed and bound to appear, or to keep the Peace, or to prosecute Offenders, shall be sworn anly to their Resideiice.

Justices, See. neglecting to return Recognizances, or to insert Names, &c. or to administer the said Oaths,

[Penalty.]

Clerks of the Crown and Peace in Ireland, on the First Day of Term after Sessions, See. to return to Comptroller of the Pipe in the Exchequer, Estreats

of Recognizances forfeited and Fines imposed. Exception. Clerks of Nisi. Prius to make Returns.

Return of Effe£h of forfeited Recognizances and Fines shall specify the Names and the Residence of the Parties.

C. 56.

57° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1817.

Michaelmas Term, in like manner return to the said Comptroller of the Pipe Estreats of all Fines save as aforesaid) which shall have been imposed at the several Sittings of Nisi Prius held in and for the City or County of Dublin, and at every Assizes in every County, and County of a City or Town in Ireland; and if in any of the said cases there shall be no such Estreats, then the said several Persons shall in every such case make return accordingly.

VI. And be it farther enacted, That from and after the Commencement of this Act all Clerks of the Court of King's Bench, Clerks of the Court of Common Pleas, Clerks of the Crown, Clerks of the Peace, Clerks of the Nisi Prius, and others to whom it belongs to make Returns of Estreats into the Exchequer, shall make the said Returns to the Comptroller of the Pipe; and that every Return of any Estreat or Estreats shall be made so that the same shall contain as well the Name and Addition of the particular Person or Persons respectively who are thereby returned as having their Recognizances forfeited and estreated, or having had Fines imposed upon them in the respective Courts from whence the said Returns are or shall be respectively made and estreated, as also the Name of the Place where such Person or Persons usually reiide, together with the Name of the Townland, Parish and Barony or Half Barony, and County or Town, or City and Street therein (if in a County of a Town or City), in which such Place or Places of Residence is or are respectively situated.

Oath by the several Clerks returning Estreats in Person.

VII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Commencement of this Act, all Clerks of the Court of King's Bench, Clerks of the Court of Common Pleas, Clerks of Assize or of Nil! Prius, Clerks of the Crown, Clerks of the Peace, and others to whom it belongs, or shall or may belong, to make Returns of Estreats into the Exchequer, shall, upon Delivery of such Estreats to the Comptroller of the Pipe, when the same shall be so delivered by them in Person respectively, take the Oath following; (that is to say, )

Form of the Oath.

T do swear. That these Estreats now by me delivered are truly and carefully made

' up and examined, and that all Fines, Issues and Amerciaments, Recognizances and Forfeitures, which were«set, loft, imposed or forfeited, and in right and due Course of Law ought to be estreated into the Court of

Exchequer, are, to the best of my Knowledge, Understanding and Belief, therein contained; and that in the < fame Estreats are also contained and expressed all such Fines as have been paid into the Court from which the said Estreats have been made, without any fraudulent or wilful Discharge, Omission, Misnomer or Defect«whatsoever; and that, in these Estreats now by me delivered, the Names and Additions of the several Persons respectively mentioned therein, together with their respective Places of Residence, and the Parishes,

Baronies, Half Baronies and Counties, and Town and City, and Street therein, in which such Places of

' Residence are respectively situated, are truly and faithfully set forth according to the best of my Knowledge, «Understanding and Belief. So help me GOD.'

Form of Oath of Clerks of the Crown and Clerks of the Peace, where they cannot deliver the Estreats into the Exchequer in Person.

Which said Oath the Barons of the Court of Exchequer, or any One of them, are and is hereby required and empowered to administer from time to time accordingly.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Clerks of the Crown and Clerks of the Peace, to whom it belongs to make Returns of Estreats into the Exchequer, if it shall not be convenient to them to deliver such Estreats into the Court of Exchequer in Person, shall and may, in the Place of the said Oath, take and subscribe the Oath following; (that is to say, )

t

i

i

s

i

S

i

T do swear, That these Estreats now by me subscribed are truly and carefully

made up and examined, and that all Fines, KTues and Amerciaments, Recognizances and Forfeitures, which were set, loft, imposed or forfeited, and in right and due Course of Law ought to be estreated into the Court of Exchequer, are to the best of my.Knowledge, Understanding and Belief therein contained i and that in the fame Estreats are also contained and expressed all such Fines as have been paid into the Court from which the said Estreats have been made, without any fraudulent or wilful Discharge, Omission, Misnomer or Defect whatsoever 5 and that I will not erase or alter, or cause or consent to be erased or altered these Estreats or any Part thereof 5 and that, in these Estreats now by me subscribed, the Names and Additions of the several Persons therein mentioned respectively, together with their respective Places of Residence, and the Parishes, Baronies, Half Baronies, and Counties, or Town, or City, and Street therein, in which such Places of Residence are respectively situate, are truly and faithfully set forth according to the best of my Knowledge, Understanding and Belief* So help me GOD.'

Which said Oath a Commissioner for taking Affidavits in the said Court of Exchequer is hereby empowered to administer from time to time in the Presence of Two Justices of the Peace for the County or Place where such Oath shall be taken; and the said Commissioner and Justices shall subscribe the said Oath, and the said Clerk of the Crown or Clerk of the Peace shall, in the Presence of the said Commissioner and Justices, carefully seal up the said Estreats in a Paper Cover, and shall affix his Seal thereto; and the said Commissioner and Justices shall also affix their Seals thereto 5 and the said Clerk of the Crown or Clerk of the Peace shall cause the said Estreats, so sealed up, to be carefully delivered to the Comptroller of the Pipe in the said Court of Exchequer.

By whom only,

IX. And be it further enacted, That from and after the taking of the said Oaths respectively, the Fines Fines^ma be*an<* R^og^zances therein referred to respectively shall net be reduced, mitigated or altered by any Court or reduce?* Judge, or by any Person or Persons whatsoever, save only by the Commissioners of Reducements, or in the

manner herein after mentioned.

Estreats not re-

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Estreats so to be delivered from the said Clerks of the Crown and Cerks 0£^Peace in manner last mentioned shall not be received by the Comptroller of the Pipe, unless. Pipe unless Oath at^t"ne delivering the fame, Oath shall be made in the said Court, or before One of the Barons thereof, made that they (which Oath the Barons of the said Court, or one of them, are and is hereby authorized and required to ad-

12 minister, )

A.D. 18j7« 57° GEORGII III. O.56.

minister, ) by the Person who shall have received the fame from the said Clerk of the Crown or Clerk of the Peace, for the Purpose of delivering the same to the said Comptroller of the Pipe, that, the Eilreats or any of them have not been opened or altered since the fame were so received for the Purpose aforesaid.

XI. And be it further enacted, That on the last Day of every Term the Comptroller of the Pipe shall at the fitting of the Court of Exchequer deliver in open Court to the Chief Baron, or in his Absence to the senior Puisne Baron present, a Statement in Writing of all the several Officers and Persons by whom any such Estreats ought to have been returned in the said Term as aforesaid, and shall therein specify particularly which of such Persons have or hath duly made such Returns, and which of them have er hath neglected or omitted to make such Return, and shall, if required by the said Court, verify such Statement on Oath in open Court; andf such Comptroller of the Pipe shall on the fame Court Day of each Term deliver a Copy thereof to the Solicitor for the casual Revenue, who shall enter, as of course, a Rule for a Fine of Twenty Pound* against every Person mentioned in such Statement as having neglected or omitted to make such Return, unless such Person shall make such Return'within Four Days if in the County or County of the City of Dublin, and within Ten Days if in any other Part of Ireland; and the said Solicitor for the casual Revenue shall at the Expiration of such time respectively make such Rule absolute as of course, and shall thereupon issue an Attachment against such Person as of course, and without further Notice 5 and if any such Comptroller shall neglect or omit to deliver in such Statement as aforesaid, or shall omit therefrom the Names of any Person who ought to be included therein, or shall make any false Statement therein, not being required to verify the fame on Gath, or shall omit to furnish such Copy as aforesaid to the Solicitor of the casual Revenue; or if the Solicitor for the casual Revenue shall omit to enter or make absolute such Rule, or to issue such Attachment, such Comptroller and Solicitor for the casual Revenue respectively shall be punished for such Omission or Neglect by Fine and Attachment at the Discretion of the said Court, and shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds, to be recovered and levied by and under the summary Order of the Court, by any Person who shall duly apply for the same.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the Comptroller of the Pipe shall, on every such Return of Estreats, issue the Second Summons of the Pipe for the levying of all Sums of Money contained in such Estreats; save as aforesaid, out of the Goods, Bodies and Lands of the respective Debtors named in such Process; and such Process shall be directed to the several Sheriffs of Counties, Counties of Cities, Counties of Towns and Districts respectively, in which the several Debtors appear respectively to reside.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Estreat and Estreats which at the Commencement of of this Act shall remain or be in any Office of or in the said Court of Exchequer, other than the Office of the Comptroller of the Pipe, and on which no Process of the Pipe shall have actually issued, shall be then forthwith delivered over to the Comptroller of the Pipe, who shall cause the Process of the Pipe, and all subsequent Proceedings, according to the manner and Form and for the Purposes prescribed by this Act, to be issued and had on all such Estreats so delivered over to him, and also on all Estreats which shall then remain or be in his Office, and whereon no Process of the Pipe shall have previously issued.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That such Process shall be issued by the Comptroller of the Pipe within Ten Days after the End of every Hilary and Trinity Term, and shall be returnable on the first Return Day of the next Hilary Term, and such Process shall and may from time to time be-renewed and issued as often as Occasion shall require; and such Comptroller shall cause every such Procefe to be delivered to the Sheriffs respectively to whom the same shall be directed, without any unnecessary Delay.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the several Sheriffs, to whom such Process shall be directed, shall have the fame Powers to levy the Debts therein to be comprised, and in executing such Process, whether by fammoning and empannelling Juries, or holding Inquiries upon the several Matters aforesaid, or in any other way, as Sheriffs in Ireland had by Law in such cases previous to the passing of the said Acts so hereby repealed respectively.

XVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That every such Sheriff shall, in the first Place, resort to the Goods of every Person against whom any such Process shall be issued, for the levying thereout of the Debts due by them respectively, or so much thereof as such Goods shall be sufficient to answer; and shall not in any case resort to the Body or Lands of any such Person, if such Debts can be levied out of his or her Goods.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That there shall be allowed to every such Sheriff the Sum of Six Shillings and Eight pence on every Twenty Shillings which shall have been actually levied by him for or in respect of any forfeited Recognizance, in lieu of all other Allowances in that respect 5 and the like Sum on every Twenty Shillings for which any Person or Persons shall have been taken by such Sheriff or Sheriffs for or on account of any Recognizance forfeited; and a Sum of Three Shillings and Four pence on every Twenty Shillings which shall have been actually levied by him for or in respect of any Fine in such Process as aforesaid 5 and a'like Sum for every Twenty Shillings for which any Person or Persons shall have been adlu-ally taken by such Sheriff or Sheriffs, under such Process as aforesaid, for ot in respect of any Fine.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That every Sheriff shall, at every Assizes within their respective Jurisdictions, return to the Justices of Assize a Certificate containing the Names of the several Persons in their Custody respectively, under any Process issued for or by reason of any Fine or Fiues imposed, or any Recognizance or Recognizances forfeited, at any antecedent Court of Oyer and Terminer, Gaol Delivery, Assize or Nisi Prius, within such County, County of a City or County of a Town, and who were in their Custody it any time during the then next preceding Assizes for such County, County of a City or County of a Town, or have been since committed to them; and shall also at every General Sessions of the Peace return to the Court 7t like Certificate of Persons committed under any Process issued for or by reason of any Fine or Fines imposed, or Recognizance or Recognizances forfeited, at any antecedent Sessions of the Peace for such

County,

103

have not been opened or altered.

On the last Day % of every Term, Comptroller of the Pipe to deliver to the Court of Exchequer in open Court a List of all Persons bound to return any E(t rests, fcc. What such Lift if 10 specify, and Proceedings thereon. Comptroller and Solicitor neglecting,

Attachment and Penalty 50l.

Comptroller of the Pipe to issue to Sheriff Second Summons for levying Fines, &c.

All Estreats on which no Procefe of the Pipe shall have issued, to be delivered to.Comptroller, &c.

When such Process to be issued and made returnable.

Sheriffs to have the usual Powers of levying.

Sheriff to levy on Goods before resorting to Body or Lands of Debtor. Allowance to Sheriff on Levy or Arrest.

Sheriffs to return to Justices of Assize, <tc. a Certificate of Names of Pri* toners.

Gaoler to verify such Certificate on Oath.

Certificate and Affidavit annex* ed to Estreats.

Sheriffs chargeable with Sums for which Prisoners were committed.

In what case Sheriff exonerated by Order of Discharge from Exchequer, &c.

Poundage to Sheriff.

In case of false Return to Writs, although not wilful, Court may fine Sheriff at Under Sheriff on Application.

Caffs of Application.

Sheriffs, fice.net to receive Fee for levying or forbearing to levy.

Sheriff nihiling or neglecting to answer to the Crown for any Sum actually levied,

[Penalty.]

Sheriff, 5cc. taking Fee or Gift of executing or forbearing to execute any Green Wax Process,

[Penalty.]

Court of Exchequer may award Damages to

Party charged in a fumrqary Way.

C. 56. 57° GEORGII III. A.U.i$i7-

County, County of a City or County of a Town, and who wfre in their C^°47 af an7 time during the next preceding Sessions of the I^eace, or at any time since; and every such Certificate as aforesaid shall set forth the times when such Persons were respectively committed to Prison, and the Sums for which they were so in Custody, and whether any and which of such Persons then remain in their Custody, and if so, how long such Persons respectively have been in actual Confinement for such Cause* and if not then in Custody, then by what Authority and at what time they were respectively discharged j and the Gaoler of every such Sheriff shall verify the said Certificate by Affidavit, to be sworn beforq such Justice8 of Affile, or in case of a Return to the Sessions, before any Two Justices of the Peace (which any Two Justices of the Peace are hereby authorized and required in such case to administer); and such Certificate and Affidavit shall be lodged with the Clerk of the Crown of the County, or if at Sessiona, with the Clerk of the Peace, who shall annex the same to the Estreats of all forfeited Recognizances returned by them respectively pursuant to this Act,

XIX. And be it further enacted, That all Sheriffs in whose Custody any such Persons as aforesaid shall be 9S aforesaid shall be chargeable with all Sums for which such Persons were, so in Custody respectively, iathe same manner as they are now by Law chargeable for Fines on Persons convicted of any criminal Offences and committed to them for such Fines, and the Comptroller of the Pipe shall issue his usual Propefs against such Sheriffs for the fame accordingly.

XX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That where any Person for whom any Sheriff or Sheriffs shall have become chargeable as aforesaid shall not remain in the Custody of such Sheriff or Sheriffs, then such Sheriff or Sheriffs shall, upon his or their producing an Order of the said Court of Exchequer in any case* or of Justices of Assize, or of a Court of General Sessions of the Peace in cases cognizable by them respectively for the Discharge of any such Person, be exonerated from the Sum for which such Person so discharged

committed.

XXI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That no Sheriff shall have, receive or be entitled unJtp any Benefit of Poundage or Allowance under or by virtue of this Act, unless such Sheriff shall pay into the Receipt of the Exchequer, according to the Course of the Court, the Sum, with which he shall be chargeable.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Sheriff shall, for want of exercising due Diligence, make a false Return, not knowing the same to be false, with respect to any of the Persons mentioned in the said Writs or Process which shall be directed and delivered to him, th^t it shall be lawful for the Court of E^chp-quer, on Application made to the Court in that Behalf, to inquire furnmarily into the Truth of the Charge* and if they shall find that the fame is true, to fine the Sheriff, by pr i0 whose Name such Return shall have been made, or his Under Sheriff, in a Sum equ^l to the full Amount of the Sum which the said Sheriff was by the Writ or Process ordered to Jevy of the Person with respect to whom such false. Return shall have been made, together with the full Costs of such Application, ^nd to enforce the fame by Attachment against such Sheriff or his Under Sheriff, as the Court shall judge expedient.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That no Sheriff, Under Sheriff, Bailiff o, r other Person employed in levying or pollefting any of the said Debts or Sums of Money, shall alk or take or receive any Fee, Gift, Gratuity or Reward whatsoever, of the Person or Persons liable to pay the same, nor of any other Person for or upon Pretence of such levying or collecting, or for or upon Pretence of forbearing to levy or col-left the fame, or any Part or Proportion thereof; and in case any Sheriff shall nihil or not duly answer to the Crown any Debt or Sum of Money which shall have been levied, collected or received by him, such Sheriff for every such Offence shall forfeit Treble Damages to the Party aggrieved, and double the Sum nihiled and not duty answered as aforesaid, to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors $ which said Damages and Penalty shall be ordered, decreed and given by the Court of Exchequer, on Complaint and Proof of such Abule as aforesaid, made and exhibited before the Barons of the said Court, in such summary Way and Method as to them shall seem meet 5 and in case any Sheriff, Under Sheriff, Bailiff or other Person so employed as aforesaid, shall demand, take or receive any Sum or Sums of Money, Gift, Gratuity or Reward of any Kind whatsoever, or any Security, Promise or Engagement of or for any Sum or Sums of Money, Fee, Gift, Gratuity or Reward of any Kind whatsoever, be the fame more or less, of any Person whomsoever, for or in respect or upon Pretence of executing any Green Wax Process of the Court of Exchequer ip Ir dandy or for pr in respe^ or upon Pretence of Fees due to them, or any of them, for collecting or receiving the fame, or for not executing or for delaying to execute any such Process or any Warrant issued thereon, of shall accept of a less Sum upon Account, pr in Payment or Discharge of any such Process or Warrant than as in such Warrant or Process is mentioned $ then and in all and every such case, every Person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be deemed guilty of Extortion; and every Person, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall forfeit for every such Offence, to the Party aggrieved in such Process or Warrant, the Amount of the Sura ordered to be leviecj by such Process or Warrant, and double the Sum so extorted, together with full Costs of Suit, to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of the superior Courts of Record in Dublin.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Court of Exchequer xo award and order in a summary Way, to every or any Person or Persons charged in such Process, such Damages, Penalties and Costs, not exceeding the Amount aforesaid respectively, as such Court shall think reasonable; and thereupon such Offender shall not be liable to any Action or Indiftnient for such Offence; and every such Order and Award shall have the fame Effect and Force, to all Intents and Purposes, as any other Order of the fame Court; and the said Costs, Damages and Penalties shall be raised and levied by such Proofs* Ways ap4 ftdethada a* ape used in the said Coupt to enforce a Compliance with any other Order of the !*W Court.

A.D. 18: 17.

W* GEORGII HI.

lieve Parties in Custody.

G.56. 70

XXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful, from and after the Commencement Parties aggrieved of this Act, for all and every Person and Persons who shall hereafter forfeit any Recognizance or R, ecogni- by Forfeiture 9! zances, or incur any Fine or Fines, or against whom any Estreat or Estreats shall or may hereafter issue, by yir. Recognizance, tue of this A A or otherwise, and who shall findhimself, herself or themselves respectively aggrieved thereby, to lo&cmmiSon-go before His Majesty's Commissioners of Reducements, who are hereby authorized and empowered to examine er$ of Reduce, into the respective Circumstances of the case in a summary manner; and if they shall see sufficient Reason so menu, who may to do, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to remit the Whole or any Part of such Recognizance, remit Penalties. Fiue or Estreat, as they shall think fit.

XXVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if such Person or Persons shall so have gone before Person* obtain-His Majesty's said Commissioners in manner aforesaid, and that they shall have thought fit altogether to remit ing Order for or partially to reduce the Sum or Sums contained in the said Recognizance or Recognizances, Fine or Fines, Relict from such Estreat or Estreats, then and in that case the said Person or Persons who shall respectively have obtained to^eVhe fIme an Order of the said Commissioners for that Purpose shall, within Six Days from the time of obtaining on Comptroller the fame, serve the said Order upon the Comptroller of the Pipe, or his known Deputy, at his Office in of the Pipe, Dublin; and the said Comptroller of the Pipe is thereupon required to file the fame in his Office, and not who is to file the to issue Process thereon, dr to issue such Process according to the Terms of the said Order, as the case fame*

may require.

XXVII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That in case any such Fines and Recognizances which shall be Poundage on so reduced or mitigated by His Majesty's Commissioners of Reducements, shall have been actually levied by Su.m*

any Sheriff, and not paid by him into the Exchequer, that then and in every such case no Allowance shall be^.

made for Poundage on the Debit of any such Sheriff for any such reduced Fines or Recognizances, but that tJfining order of the Poundage or Allowance, provided as aforesaid, on such Fines and Recognizances respectively, shall be Reducement. paid to such Sheriff by the Person in whose Favour or for whose Benefit the Order of Reducement shall be made, which shall be so expressed in such Order, and every such Sheriff may accordingly dedud the said Poundage upon repaying the Sums so levied.

XXVIII. Provided ?dfo, and be it enacted, That if any Person or Persons who shall hereafter be in the Court of Exche-Custody of any Sheriff or Sheriffs under any of the Provisions of this Act for the Non Payment of any Sum or quer or Assize or Sums, shall petition His Majesty's Court of Exchequer in any case, or the Judges of Assize upon the re- _Seffio"5 fc* spective Circuits, or the Court of General Sessions of the Peace in the cases directed to be certified to them respectively as aforesaid, the said Court of Exchequer, and the said Judges of Assize and Court of General Sessions of the Peace respectively shall examine into the Fads of the said Petitions respectively in a summary manner; and it shall be lawful for the said Court of Exchequer and Judges of Assize and Court of General Sessions of the Peace respectively to grant an Order or Warrant (as the case may be) under their Hands to

discharge any Person or Persons so in Custody, and petitioning them respectively as aforesaid, if they shall respectively fee sufficient Reason so to do 5 which Order or Warrant, upon being filed with the Comptroller Order thereon of the Pipe, shall respectively be an Acquittance to the said respective Sheriffs for the Sum and Sums for filed* >n Acquit-which the Person or Persons so discharged was or were in Custody. tanc* to shcry*

XXIX. Provided also, and be it enacted, That no such Order or Warrant of the Court of General Sessions of the Peace shall be valid unless made with the Concurrence and under the Hand of the Assistant Barrister of the County in which such Court of General Sessions shall be, or in Counties of Cities and Counties of Towns, unless made with the Concurrence and under the Hand of the Recorder,

XXX. And in order that all Persons who shall be entitled to petition any such Court of General Sessions £c.

as aforesaid may be enabled so to do, be it enacted, That whenever the General Sessions of the Peace for any Petitioners ra County in IrelandihdR be held in any City or Town of such County, other than that in or near to which the County Gael County Gaol shall be, the Sheriff of such County shall at any time, not more than One Week before the First uf

Day of such Sessions, and he is hereby required to causeeach and every Prisoner in such Gaol, who shall be ofanvTowrT* entitled to petition such Court, and shall desire the fame, to be removed at the Expense of such Person to the j*h«re the Sef-Bridewell of such Town where such Sessions shall be so held, and to detain them respectively therein so long as fioiis are held, may be necessary for the Purposes of such Petition 5 and, before the End of One Week from the last Day df

such Sessions, to cause such of them as shall not be discharged to be removed again to the County Gaol.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That if the Petition in any such case shall allege the Poverty or Inability In cases of alleg* of the Petitioner to pay the Amount of the Sum or Sums for which he or she shall be so in Custody, the Court,d Poverty of or Judge, in examining into such Petition, shall inquire whether such Petitioner may not be of Ability or have, ^eti*, onc^n lh the Power to pay and discharge feme and what Part or Proportion of the Sum or Sums for which he or she |f^tion?n»n* shall be so confined; and such Court or Judge shall not on the said Ground of Poverty or Inability order such not pay part of Petitioner to be so discharged, except on the Payment of such Part or Proportion of such Sum or Sums a9 he or (be may so have the Power to pay and discharge; and if such Petitioner shall have been a Surety in a forfeited Recognizance, then the Court or Judge shall also inquire when and by what Means such Person became unable to pay such Amount; and unless such Court or Judge shall be satisfied that such Inability arose without Fraud, Contrivance or wilful Default, after the time of entering into such Recognizance, such Court or Judge shall not order that such Person be discharged until after the End of Four Calendar Months at the least from the Commencement of his or her Imprisonment under such Process.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That in any case in which such Petitioner shall have been fined, or shall have been the Principal in any Recognizance in which he or she shall be so in Custody, such Court or Judge shall also inquire into the Nature of the Offence for which such Fine shall have been imposed, or of the Charge in consequence of which such Recognizance shall have been entered into, and under what Circumstances the fame was forfeited; and in case such Petitioner shall be so in Custody under any Recognizance to

57 Geo. III. P answer

Orders at Sessions to be mad* with Concurrence, See. of Assistant Barrlfler,

the Sum due, &c.

In what case not to discharge such Person un* til after Four Months.

Where Petitioner is the Party fined, or is the Principal in any forfeited Recog* nizance, the Court shall iu«

io6

quire into all the Ciroumftancet of the case before granting Relief.

Order valid.

Clerks of the Crown and Peace, at Termination of the Affixes or Sections, to post a List of Recognisances forfeited, and deliver Copy toTreatiirer of County. Inspection thereof.

Clerk of the Crown, See. offending. Penalty 5L

Proviso for Rights of Corporation to Fines.

[General Issue.]

Sheriff, Sec. on Ad ion may plead

[Treble Costs.]

Act may be amended, &c. this Session. Commencement of Ad.

His Majesty may suspend the training and exerciting the Militia.

42 G. 3 c. 90.

C. 56, 57. 57° GEORGII III. A.D. 1817.

answeror appear to any Charge, and shall after the Forfeiture of such Recognizance have been tried and acquitted of such Charge, such Court or Judge shall inquire whether on such Trial all the Witnesses for the Prosecution attended and were examined; and if not, then whether by the Forfeiture of such Recognizance the Attendance of any such Witness was in any respect prevented 5 and if such Petitioner shall be a Surety, then such Court or Judge shall inquire whether such Surety used due Diligence to moke the Principal amenable to the Law; and in all and every of such cases the said Court or Judges or Judge of Assize shall have full Power and Authority, if they or he shall think proper, to order the Discharge of such Petitioner, either

fenerally or after such Length of time as such Court or Judges or Judge in his or their Discretion shall think t, having respect to the Circumstances of the case, and the Length of time that such Petitioner shall have been in Custody previous to the making of such Order, and to the Object and Purposes of this Act; and such Order in such Form shall be good and valid to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the several Clerks of the Crown and Clerks of the Peace throughout Ireland shall, within Three Days after the Termination of the several Assizes or Sessions of the Peace respectively in every County, County of a City, and County of a Town, cause to be polled on the Door of the Court House or Sessions House of such County, County of a City, or County of a Town where such Assizes or Sessions were held, and if such Sessions were held in any Place other than the County Town, then also on the Door of the Court House in such County Town, a true Lift, signed and subscribed by such Clerk of the Crown or Clerk of the Peace, of all the Recognizances forfeited and Fines estreated at such Assizes or Sessions respectively, specifying the Names, Descriptions and Residences of the Persons against whom such E(treats shall have been made; and shall also deliver or transmit to the Treasurer of the County, County of a City or Town in which such Assizes or Sessions were holden, a Copy of such Lift 5 and such Treasurer shall permit all Persons to inspect such Copy who shall apply for that Purpose at his Office at any reasonable time of the Day; and if any Clerk of the Crown or Clerk of the Peace, shall omit or neglect to cause such Lift to be posted as aforesaid, or to deliver or transmit a Copy thereof to the Treasurer of such County, County of a City or Town, such Clerk of the Crown or Clerk of the Peace so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds, to be recovered in a summary manner before any One Justice of the Peace of such County, County of a City or Town respectively.

XXXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend to deprive any Corporation, or any Person or Persons, of any Rights which they now have under their respective Charters or Patents, to any Fines, Amerciaments or Recognizances whatsoever.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Action upon the case, Trespass, Battery or False Imprisonment, shall be brought against any such Sheriff as aforesaid, or any other Person or Persons, who in his Aid or Assistance, or by his Commandment, shall do any thing touching his aforesaid Office, or for or concerning any'Matter, Cause or thing by them or any of them done by reason thereof, it shall be lawful for the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action to plead thereunto the General Issue of not guilty, and to give the Special Matter of Evidence to the Jury who shall try the fame 5 and if upon such Trial a Verdict shall be had for such Defendant or Defendants, or if the Defendant or Defendants shall have Judgment upon Demurrer, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs therein shall be nonsuited or suffer any Discontinuance thereof, that in every such case the Defendant or Defendants shall have his or their Treble Costs, which he or they shall have sustained by reason of such Action or Suit, for which the said Defendant or Defendants shall have the like Remedy as in other cases where Costs by Law are given to the Defendant.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be amended, altered or repealed during the present Session of Parliament.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act and every Clause and Provision therein contained shall commence and have Effect on and from the Twenty fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, and not sooner.

CAP. LVII.

An Act to empower His Majesty to suspend Training, and to regulate the Quotas of the Militia*

[30th June 1817.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that His Majesty should be empowered to suspend the calling out the W Militia for the Purpose of being trained and exercised, and also to cause the Quotas of the several*Counties to be regulated Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this preterit Parliament assem* bled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, by any Order or Orders in Council, to suspend the calling out of the Militia of the United Kingdom, or any Part of the United Kingdom, or of any County, Riding, Shire, Stewartry, City, Town or Place, for the Purpose of being trained and exercised in any Year, and to order and direct that no training or exercising of the Militia of the United Kingdom, or of any Part of the United Kingdom, or of any County or Counties, Riding or Ridings, Shire or Shires, Stewartry or Stewartries, City or Cities, Town or Towns or Place or Places, specified in any such Order or Orders in Council, shall take place in any Year; any thing contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament relating to the Militia to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And Whereas by an Act passed in the Forty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled an Act for amending the Laws relating to the Militia in England, and for augmenting the Militia % the Quotas of the Militia of the several Counties, Ridings, Shires, Cities, Towns and Places in Great Britain ' were specified, and Provisions made for settling and ascertaining other Quotas at Periods specified in the said

14*A&;

A.D. 1817. 57° GEORGII III. C. 57, 58. 107

Act; but the Quotas specified in the said Act have since remained and continued, but may require to be regulated before the Expiration of the next Period specified in the said Act; and it is therefore expedient«that His Majesty should be empowered to cause the Quotas of the Militia to be regulated when the fame

*-may become necessary Be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty to order and direct His Majesty may that the Quotas of the several and respective Counties, Ridings, Shires, Cities, Towns and Places in Great order Quotas of Britain, shall be ascertained, settled, appointed and fixed by His Majesty's Privy Council, in the Manner spe- Militia of Gr^t cified in the said Act, if His Majesty shall deem it necessary, before the Expiration of the next Period fixed

in the said Act for} settling and ascertaining such Quotas; and all such Quotas, when so ascertained, settled. Expiration of appointed, and fixed in pursuance of any such Order of His Majesty, shall be deemed to be Quotas ascer- the next Period tained, settled and fixed under the Provisions of the said Act; and all such Proceedings shall be had thereon, specified in for the purpose of giving Effect thereto, and apportioning the fame respectively among the Hundreds, Rapes, rec, ted Lathes, Wapentakes or other Divisions of each County, Riding, Shire, City, Town or Place, and the several Parishes, Tithings and Places therein respectively, in like manner in any respect, and all Powers, Authorities,

Regulations, Provisions, Clauses, Penalties and Forfeitures, contained in any Act or Aft8 relating to the Militia of Great Britain shall be used, applied and enforced for giving effect to such Quotas and Apportionments, and carrying the Laws relating to the Militia into Execution in relation thereto, in like manner in every respect, and as fully and effectuaffy to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Quotas had been ascertained, settled and fixed at any Period specified in the said recited Act; any thing contained in the said recited Act, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament relating to the Militia, to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And Whereas Doubts have arisen whether Officers, Seneants or other Persons enlisting Men to serve

the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, are subject to the Penalties, For- r 4 feitures and Provisions contained in the said recited Act of the Forty second Year aforesaid, in relation to

enlisting into His Majesty's other Forces Men enrolled or engaged, to serve in the Militia 5 and whether

Militia men so enlisting or Militia men offering themselves to lerve for any other Parish or Place than the ' Parish or Place for which they are first enrolled, are within the Provisions of the said Act contained in

' relation to offering to be enrolled in any other Regiment, Battalion or Company of Militia For Remedy Enlisting Militia-whereof be it declared and enacted, That every Officer, Serjeant or Person who shall wilfully or knowingly men for th* East enlist any Man to serve the United Company of Merchants 01 England trading to the 1East Indies, who at the gndia. CoP*ny'* time of such enlisting shall be enrolled or engaged to serve in the Militia, shall be and be deemed to be within' crvlcc» the Provisions of the said recited Act, and shall be subject to the Penalties and Forfeitures therein contained Penalty* for enlisting Militia men to serve in His Majesty's other Forces; and that every Militia man offering to enlist MiUtiamea of-to serve the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, who shall deny to the Officer, Serjeant or other Person recruiting Men for such Service, that he is at the time of such offering a Militia man, or who shall offer himself to be enrolled and be enrolled as a Militia man for any other Parish or Place than the Parish or Place for Which he shall be then enrolled and serving, although hi the faihe Regiment, Puniftraent. Battalion or Corps, shall, be subject and liable to the Provisions in the said Act contained for the Pumflunent and subsequent Service of Militia men offering to enlist in His Majesty's other Forces, or to be enrolled and lerve in any other Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Militia; any thingin the said recited Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And Whereas by Two Acts passed in the Forty second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, relating to the Militias of England and Scotland respectively, the Number of Seneants, Corporals and Drummers to

be appointed to the Militia, when not in actual Service, was fixed at the following Proportions; that is to say, One Serjeant and One Corporal to every Thirty Private Men, and One Drummer to every Company,

with the Addition of One Drummer to each Flank Company of Regiments or Battalions confifnng of more than Five Companies: And Whereas it is expedient that His Majesty (hoiild be empowered to dimmish those

Numbers* Be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, by any Order or Orders signed Number of Ser-by His Majesty's Secretary of State, to direct that the Number of Seqeants, Corporals and Drummers to be j«*ntt, Corporals retained in the Militia on permanent Pay, when not in actual Service, shall be as follows 5 that is to say. OneDlPrura-m*8 Serjeant and One Corporal to every Forty Private Men, and One Drummer for every Two Companies, wkh Minton m an Addition of One Drummer for each Flank Company of Regiments or Battalions consisting of five or paj when not in ipore Companies. actual Service.

CAP. LVIII.

An Act to allow British Goods to be exported direct from this Country to the United States of America upon the fame Terms as when exported to any Foreign Country.

[30th June 1817.]

WHEREAS by a Convention of Commerce between Great Britain and the United States of America, Convention be-

signed at London on the Third Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, in Article the ^een.c- a"d 4 Second it is provided amongst other Matters, that no higher or other Duties or Charges be imposed in either

of the Two Countries on the Exportation of any Articles to Hi* Britannic Majesty's Territories in Europe* S'

4 or to the United States respectively, than such as are payable on the Exportation of the like Articles to any other Foreign Country j And Whereas by an Act passed in the Fifty sixth Year of His present Majesty's 5$ G* 3*c-15Reign, intituled An Act so carry into Effti5 a Convention of Commerce concluded between His Majesty mid 5 a*

the United States of America, it is enacted, that upon the Exportation from the United Kingdom of any Goods, Wares pr Merchandize, the Growth, Production or Manufacture of the said United Kingdom, or

any of His Majesty's Territories in Europe, direct to any of the Territories of the United States of f Americstf in any Ship or Vessel built in the said States or condemned as Prize there, nd being owned by

Pi 4 Subjects

ro8 C. 58, 59.

57° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1817.

From 3 July 1815, the fame Duties payable on Exportation of British Goods to America as ore payable on the like Exportation to any Foreign Country.

Where a greater Duty has been paid the Treasury shall cause it to be repaid.

Continuance of Att.

Subjects of the said States, and whereof the Master and Three Fourths of the1 Mariners are also Subjects of the said States, no higher or other Duties shall be paid or payable than such as are charged or imposed upon

such Goods, Wares or Merchandize when exported in a British built Ship or Vessel navigated and registered

according to Law: And Whereas it is expedient that the said United States of America should be placed, ' with respect to the Duties on Goods, Wares and Merchandize of the Produce of Great Britain exported

thither, on the fame Footing as when the same are exported to any other Foreign Country whatever* Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Third Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fifteen the fame Duties shall be paid or payable on the Exportation of all Goods, Wares and Merchandize of the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of Great Britain, exported direct from thence to any Port or Place within the Territories of the United States of America in British built Ships owned, registered and navigated according to Law, or in Ships built in the United States of America, or condemned as Prize there, and being owned by Subjects of the said States, and whereof the Master and Three Fourths of the Mariners are alTo Subjects of the said States, as are or shall be payable on the like Exportation to any other Foreign Country whatever.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commimoners of His Majesty8 Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or any Three or more of them, and they are hereby authorized and directed, in all cases where a greater Duty has been charged and paid on the Export-, atiop of any Goods, Wares or Merchandize of the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of Great Britain, to the; United States in manner aforesaid, than has been paid on the Exportation to any other Foreign Country, to cause the same to be repaid.

III. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue in force so long as the Convention between His Majesty and the United States of America shall continue in force.

CAP. LIX.

An Act for letting to Farm the Poll Horse Duties, and for better securing and facilitating the Recovery of the said Duties.

[30th June 1817.]

*7 G. 3. c.z6.

*1.

*5 G. 3. c. 51.

5 4.

44 G. 3. c. 98. §1)9. and Sch.

m

4»G. 3. c. IOO.

G.3. c. 98.

5r G. 3. c. 76.

54 G. 3. c. 174.

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Twenty seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to enable the Lord High Treasurerf or Commi/potiers of the Treasury for the time beingy to let to Farm the Duties granted by an Act made in the Twenty fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign on Horses let to Hire for travelling Post and by time, to such Persons as should be willing to contract for the fame, the i Commissioners of the Treasury were empowered to let to Farm the several Duties on Horses let to Hire ' therein particularly set forth and mentioned to have been granted by the said Act of the Twenty fifth Year of His Majesty's Reign, for any Term not exceeding Three Years, undef certain Regulations and Restrictions expressed and contained in the said Act of the Twenty seventh Year of His Majesty's Reign: And

Whersas by an Act passed in the Forty fourth Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to repeal the fevered Duties under the Commissioners for managing the Duties upon stumped Vellum y Parchment ana Papery in Great Britain, and to grant new and additional Duties in lieu thereof, the several Duties granted by the said Act of the Twenty fifth Year of His Majesty's Reign on Horses let to Hire as therein mentioned, and ' extended in certain Cases by an Act passed in the Forty second Year of His Majesty's Reign, for enlarging the time for which Horses might be let to Hire without being subject to any annual Duty, and other Purposes, were repealed; and in lieu thereof it was enacted, that from and after the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and four, there should be raised, levied, collected and paid unto His Majesty, His

Heirs and Successors, the several Duties following; (that is to say, ) For and in respect of every Horse,

Mare or Gelding hired by the Mile or Stage, to be used in travelling in Great Britain, the Sum of One Penny Halfpenny for every Mile such Horse, Mare or Gelding should be hired to travel; and for and m 4 respect of every Horse, Mare or Gelding hired for a less Period of time than Twenty eight successive Days, for drawing on any public Road any Coach or other Carnage used in travelling Post or otherwise, if the Distance at the time of hiring should be ascertained, the Sum of One.Penny Halfpenny for every Mile such Horse, Mare or Gelding should be hired to travel 5 and for and in respect of every Horse, Mare or Gelding

so hired as last above mentioned, in any case where the Distance should not at the time of hiring be afeer-

tained, the Sum of One Shilling and Nine pence for each Day for which such Horse, Mare or Gelding should be so hired, with an Exception of Horses, Mares and Geldings used in licensed Hackney Coaches, where the fame should be employed to go no greater Distance than Ten Miles from the City of London or Westminster, or the Suburbs thereof; which said several Duties are now secured, raised, levied and collected by and under the Provisions and Regulations of the said Acts of the Twenty fifth and Forty second Years of His Majesty's Reign relating to the said Duties so repealed as aforesaid, and by and under the Provisions and Regulations or another Act passed in the Forty eighth Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for letting to Farm the Duties on Horses hired by the Mile or Stage to be used in travellingy and on Horses hired for a less Period of time than Twenty eight Days for drawing Carriages used in travelling Post or others wifey in Great Britain, and for better securing the said Duties; and by and under the Provisions and Regulations of another Act, passed in the Fifty first Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for letting to Farm the Duties on Horses hired by the Mile or Stage to be used in travellingy and on Horses hired for a less Period of time than Twenty eight Days for drawing Carriages used in travelling Post or other wifey in Great Britain, and for facilitating the Recovery of the said Duties; and also by and under the Provisions and Regulations of another Act, passed in the Fifty fourth Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for

15 4 letting

A.D. 1817.

57° GEORGII III. C. 59. 109

I ft ting to Farm tit Pofi Horse Duties: And Whereas the said Duties granted by the said Act of the Forty

fourth Year of His Majesty's Reign, in respect of Horses, Mares and Geldings hired in the manner aforesaid, are now let to Farirt under the Authority of the said Act passed in the Fifty fourth Year of His Ma-

lefty's Reign, for a Term of Years which will expire on the Thirty first Day of January One thousand eight hundred and eighteen: And Whereas it is expedient that the said Duties should be let to Farm for a mr-

ther Term, and that other Provisions should be made for better securing and facilitating the Recovery of the said Duties, in lieu of those contained in the said Acts of the Forty second. Forty eighth, Fifty first and

Fifty fourth Years of His Majesty's .Reign i* May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted 5 and be it enacted by The King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury may Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or any Three or more of them for the time let t? Farn" the being, and they are hereby empowered, from time to time as it shall be necessary, either by themselves or by Su*j-e*°?. the Commissioners of Stamps in Great Britain, or some of them, to be authorized for that Purpose under the gr^nt2 by* Hands of the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them for the time being, to let to 44 g. 3. c. 98. Farm the said several Duties granted by the said Act of the Forty fourth.Year of His Majesty's Reign, for and in respect of Horses, Mares and Geldings hired in the manner aforesaid, to such Person or Persons as shall be willing to Farm the fame after the Expiration of the present Leases thereof, in such separate and particular Districts, and for such term or time as shall be deemed proper and convenient, and under and subject to the Regulations and Restrictions contained in the said Act of the Twenty seventh Year of His Majesty's Reign, with regard to the Duties thereby authorized to be let to Farm, so far as the same are applicable, and not

hereby altered: Provided always, that none of the said Duties shall be let to Farm for any longer term or Proviso as to

time than until the Thirty first Day of January inclusive One thousand eight hundred and twenty-one# Term.

II. And be it further enacted, That all the Powers, Provisions, Clauses, Regulations and Directions con- Powers and.

tuned in and prescribed by the said Act of the Twenty seventh Year of His Majesty's Reign, shall be deemed Prorifions of and taken to be in full Force and Effect with respect to the said Duties hereby allowed to be let to Farm, and '*

to the Letting of the fame, and to the Farmers thereof, and to all other Persons, Matters and things relating regardtothe thereto, as far as the same are or shall be applicable, and not altered by or repugnant to the express Provisions Duties to be let of this Act, as fully and effectually as if the fame had been herein repeated and specially enacted with reference to Farm under to the said Duties hereby allowed to be farmed. this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Treasury may

Three or more of them, or the said Commissioners of Stamps authorized as aforesaid, to prescribe the time time

for making a Deposit of a Sum of Money, and the Amount thereof, on account of the Rent to be paid by f°^i ^Persons the Person who shall be the best Bidder for, and be declared the Farmer of any of the said Duties hereby comraaing to allowed to be farmed; and in case any such Person shall fail to make such Deposit at the time prescribed, or farm the Duties, shall fail to execute a proper Contract in Writing, and to give Security for the Payment of the Rent and and Amount the due Performance of such Contract, in the manner directed by the said Act of the Twenty seventh Year!jercof-

of His Majesty's Reign, within the time to be appointed for that Purpose, then and in every such case it

shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them, or the said Commissioners of Stamps authorized as aforesaid, to declare the Bidding and Contract of such Person null and Contra^ void void, and his Deposit, if made, forfeited, and to cause the Dtfties whereof he shall have been declared the and Deposit for-Farmer to be again put up, to be let to Farm pursuant to the Directions of this and the said Act of the f?lted»and Du; Twenty seventh Year of His Majesty's Reign, and so from time to time as often as such Failure shall be t, es Put UP aSa, n* made.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the said Duties arifingin any District or Districts Power to let shall not be let to Farm at the time to be fixed by Public Advertisement, pursuant to the Directions of this Duties by private and the said Act of the Twenty seventh Year of His Majesty's Reign, for want of a sufficient Bidding, it Contra^h^not shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them, or the said Com- el y u , on* missioners of Stamps authorized as aforesaid, at any time afterwards to receive Proposale for farming such

Duties, and toilet the same to Farm by Private Contract, for any Term or time not extending beyond the said Thirty first Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty one.

V. And be it further enacted, That it mall be lawftil for the Commissioners of Stamps in Great Britain Commissioners for the time being, or the major Part of them, from time to time, as Occasion shall require, to depute and of Stamps to de-appoint not only the Persons who shall become Farmers or Lessees of the said Duties, and their Executors, pute the Farm-Administrators and Assigns, but also any other Person or Persons, at the Request and upon the Nomination, Q^herVersons and for the Use of such Farmers or Lessees, or their Executors, Administrators or Assigns, to be Collectors to be Collectors, of the said Duties arising within their respective Districts, with full Powers to grant the necessary Licences with full Powers to Persons within the respective Districts for letting out Horses to Hire in the manner aforesaid, and to take as herein men-Securities by Bonds from the Persons to be licensed, in the Name of His Majesty, His Heirs and Sue- tioned* cessors, with such Conditions as are required by the Acts relating to the said Duties, and to receive the Stamp

Office Weekly Accounts, by the Acts relating to the said Duties directed and required to be delivered by Persons letting Horses to Hire in the manner aforesaid, within their respective Districts, and the Money due thereon, and to administer the Oath or Affirmation herein after required to be made as to the Truth of the Accounts to be delivered by the Persons licensed under the said Acts, and generally to execute and do all other the Powers, Matters and things touching the collecting, managing and enforcing the Payment of the said Duties within and for their respective Districts, which by the several Acts of Parliament relating to the said Duties are given to and authorized to be done by any Collector or Collectors of the said Duties.

I IO

Regulation as to Stamp Duty on Deputations, notwithstanding

55 G. 3. c. 184. Sched. Part 1.

Regulation as to Date of Licences for letting Horses to Hire.

Repeal of- Provisioas in 48 G. 3. c. 98. 51 G. 3. c. 76. 54 G. 3. c. 174. for Recovery of Duties by 4 % G. 3. C.IOO.

Provisions of 35 G. 3. C. 5X, §19-

applied (Exception) to Hirings for less than Twenty eight Days, and to Hirings for Twenty eight Days or above.

Commissionefiof Stamps to supply proper Tickets and Exchange Tickets, to be fitted up and used for denoting Hirings for a less Time than Twenty eight Days.

What such Tickets to specify.

C. 59. 57° GEORGII III. A.D. 1817.

VI. And be it further enacted, That notwithstanding any thine to the contrary contained in an Act of the Fifty fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for repealing the Stamp Duties on Deeds and other Instruments in Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof, no Deputation or Commission to be hereafter granted pursuant to the said hereinbefore mentioned A£U and this Act, or any of them, appointing any Person to be a Collector of the said Duties on Horses, Mares and Geldings hired in the manner aforesaid, shall be charged or chargeable with any higher Stamp Duty than One Pound Fifteen Shillings.

VII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Thirty first Day of January One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, all Licences for letting Horses to Hire which shall be granted in pursuance of the said hereinbefore mentioned Acts or any of them, between the Thirty first Day of January and the Sixteenth Day of March in any Year, shall be dated on the First Day of February; and all Licences for letting Horses to Hire which shall be granted in pursuance of the said Ada or any of them, at any other time, shall be dated on the Day on which the same shall be granted, and all such Licences respectively shall have effect and continue in force from the Day of the Date thereof, until the Thirty first Day of January following, both inclusive, and no longer*

VIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Thirty first Day of January One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, all the Regulations and Provisions contained in the said hereinbefore mentioned Acts of the Forty eighth, Fifty first and Fifty fourth Years of His present Majestyft Reign, for better securing and facilitating the Recovery of the said Duties granted by the said Act of the Forty fourth Year of His Majesty's Reign, in respect of Horses, Mares and Geldings hired in the manner aforesaid, and also all the Provisions of the said hereinbefore mentioned Act of the Forty second Year of His Majesty's Reign, which by force of the said Act of the Forty fourth Year of His Majesty's Reign are now applicable to any of the fame Duties, shall cease and determine as to all the said Duties arising after the said Thirty first Day of January, and as to all Matters and things to he done and performed in respect thereof.

IX. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Thirty fira Day of January One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, all the Powers, Provisions, Regulations and Directions, Fines, Forfeitures, Pains and Penalties, contained in and imposed by the said Act of the Twenty fifth Year of His Majesty's Reign, for the raising, levying, collecting and securing of the Duties thereby granted for and in respect of Hones hired for a Day or left Period of time, for drawing on any Public Road any Coach or other Carriage used in travelling Poll or otherwise, both where the Distance to he travelled should he ascertained and where not, save and except the Provision which declares that every Horse hired for any left Period than Two successive complete Days shall he deemed to he hired for a Day, ) shall, so far as the same shall be confident with the exprest Provisions of this Act, be observed, applied, enforced and put in Execution for the raising, levying, cofleding and securing of the said Duties granted by the said Act of the Forty fourth Year of His Majesty's Reign, for and in respect of Horses, Mares and Geldings hired for a left Period of time than Twenty eight successive Days, for drawing on any Public Road any Coach or other Carriage used in travelling roft or otherwise, both where the Distance to be travelled shall be ascertained and where not respectively, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the fame had been inserted and specially enacted in this Act, with such Alterations and Variations as may be necessary for applying the same to the said last mentioned Duties and Hirings; and that all the Powers, Provisions, Regulations and Directions, Fines, Forfeitures, Pains and Penalties contained in and impofad by the said Act of the Twenty fifth Year of His Majesty's Reign, with respect to Horses hired for Two or more Days for drawing any Carriage used in travelling as aforesaid, shall, so far as the same shall be confident with the exprest. Provisions of this Act, he observed, applied, enforced and put into Execution with respect to Horses, Mares and Geldings hired for Twenty eight successive Days or above, for drawing any Carriage used in travelling as aforesaid, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the fame had been inserted and specially enacted in this Act, with such Alterations and Variations as may be necessary for applying the same to Hirings of the Description last mentioned.

X. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners of Stamps shall supply all Person who shall be licensed to let Horses to Hire in the manner aforesaid, with proper and convenient Tickets, nd the Toll-Gate Keepers with proper and convenient Exchange Tickets, for denoting Hirings for any left Period of time than Twenty eight successive Days, both where the Distance to be travelled shall he ascertained and where not, all which Tickets and Exchange Tickets shall specify the Number of Horses to be let to Hire as heretofore; and the Original Tickets shall have Blahks to be filled up with the Day or Number of Days for which the Hiring shall be made, the Name of the Person letting to Hire, if not an Innkeeper, or the Name of his or her Sign or House of an Innkeeper, the Name of the Place of his or her Reticence, and the Month and Year and Day of the Month when the Hiring shall commence; and also in cases of Hirings to go to any certain Place or Places and back, the Name or Description of such Place or Places, and the full Number of Miles thither and back; and also in cases of Hirings for Two or more Days, the Name and Place of Residence of the Perfop hiring the Horse or Horses; and the Exchange Tickets shall have blanks to he filled up with the Number of Days for which the Hiring shall be made, the Name of the Town or Place where the original Ticket shall have been issued, and the Date thereof, and the Name of the Toll Gate and County where the Exchange Ticket shall be given; and also in cases of Hirings to go to any certain Place or Places and hack, the Name or Description of such Place or Places, and the Number of Miles thither and hack, as the same shall be expressed in the original Ticket, and also the Name and Residence of the Hirer if expressed in the original Ticket for which the Exchange Ticket shall be given; and all such Original and Exchange Tickets shall he filled up accordingly,

and

A.D. 1817. 57° GEORGII III. C. 59.

and shall be delivered, shewn and used by all Persons concerned, in such and the like manner as by the said Act of the Twenty fifth Year of His Majesty's Reign is directed of and concerning the Original and Exchange Tickets thereby required to be provided, delivered, shewn and used in cases of or for denoting Hirings for a Day, and under and subject to the like Penalties and Forfeitures for every Refusal, Neglect or Omission as are thereby iriposed.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners of Stamps shall also supply all Persons who shall be licensed to let Horses to Hire in the manner aforesaid with proper and convenient Certificates, and the Toll Gate Keepers with proper and Convenient Check Tickets, for denoting Hirings for Twenty eight successive Days or above not liable to the before .mentioned Duties, which Certificates Thall have Blanks to be filled up witfcthe Number of Horses let to Hire, the Number of Days for which the same shall be hired, the Name and Residence of the Person hiring, and of the Person letting to Hire, and the Month and Year and Day of the Montfi when the Hiring shall commence; and the Check Ticket? shall have Blanks to be filled up with the fame Particulars as the Certificates for which they shall be given in Exchange, and with the Name of the Toll Gate and County where the Check Tickets shall be given 5 and all such Certificates and Check Tickets shall be filled up accordingly, and shall be delivered, shewn and used by all Persons concerned, in such and the like manner as by the said Act of the Twenty fifth Year of His Majesty's Reign is dire^ed of and concerning the Certificates and Check Tickets thereby required to be provided, delivered, shewn and used in cases of or for denoting Hirings for Two or more Days, and under and subject to the like Penalties and Forfeitures for every Refusal, Neglect or Omission as are thereby imposed.

XII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Thirty first Day of January One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, where any Person so licensed as aforesaid shall let to Hire any Horse, Mare or Gelding, Horses, Mares or Geldings for drawing any Carnage used in travelling as aforesaid, either for Two or more Days under Twenty eight, or for a Period of Twenty eight successive Days or above, and the Horse, Mare or Gelding, Horses, Mares or Geldings so let to Hire, shall be given up and returned to the Person letting the fame before the Expiration of the time agreed for, the Person so letting the same shall thereupon adk and receive of the Person so returning such Horse, Mare or Gelding, Horses, Mares or Geldings, the Exchange Ticket or Check Ticket which he or she shall have received in Exchange for the original Ticket or Certificate delivered to him or her on the Hiring of such Horse, Mare or Gelding, Horses, Mares or Geldings, and shall deliver up such Exchange Ticket or Check Ticket to* the Farmer or other Collector of the aforesaid Duties, to whom he or she shall be bound to deliver his or her Stamp Office Weekly Accounts at the next time of delivering any such Account; and if any Person so licensed as aforesaid shall refuse or neglect to alk for such Exchange Ticket or Check Ticket, or having received the same shall refuse or neglect to deliver up the same to the said Farmer or other Collector at the time aforesaid, he or she shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds; and if he or she shall use such Exchange Ticket or Check Ticket, or permit the same to be used, qr give out the same to any Person for the Purpose of being used to cover and protect any other Hiring whatever from the Duty payable by Law for the fame, he or she shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if the Hirer of any Horse, Mare or Gelding, Horses, Mares or Geldings, shall not deliver or shew at any Turnpike, Toll Bar or Bridge die proper Ticket, Exchange Ticket, Certificate or Check Ticket which he or she ought to do, pursuant to the Directions of this Act and the said Acts of the Forty fourth and Twenty fifth Years of His Majesty's Reign, or any of them, and shall falsely allege the Horse, Mare or Gelding, Horses, Mares or Geldings, with which he or she shall pass such Turnpike, Toll Bar or Bridge, to be his or her own, or not hired, in order to avoid being flopped, or to avoid the Payment of the Sum which the Toll Gatherer there shall be entitled to demand in default of such Ticket, Exchange Ticket, Certificate or Check Ticket, being delivered or shewn as aforesaid, every PerfoB Jo offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Thirty first Day of January One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, where any Person or Persons who shall be licensed to let Horses to Hire in the manner aforesaid, in pursuance of the said herein before mentioned Acts or any of them, shall keep any Carriage or Carriages uled in travelling, to be furnished at the same time with any Horse, Mare or Gelding, Horses, Mares or Geldings, by him, her or them let to Hire, by the Mile or Stage, {other than and except Hearses and Mourning Coaches used to attend Funerals, which mall remain subject to the fame Regulations as heretofore, ) he, she or they shall, before any such Carriage shall be so furnished, cause every Carriage kept by him, her or them for the Purpose aforesaid to he numbered with a different Number, beginning with Number One, and proceeding upwards successively to the highest Number of Carriages which he, she or they shall so keep; and shall also mark or paint or cause to be marked or painted, in one of more straight Line or Lines on the outside Pannel of -each Door of every such Carriage which shall have a Door thereto, and on some conspicuous Part of each of the Outsides of every such Carriage which shall not have a Door thereto, his, her or their Christian and Surname, and the Name of the City, Town or Place where he, she or they shall keep such Carriages to be furnished as aforesaid; and the Number of every such Carriage, in large and legible Characters and Figures, of Black or White, whichever shall most differ from the Colour of the Carriage whereon the same shall be marked or pointed, each Letter to be at leail One Inch in Length, and each Figure at lead One Inch and an Half in Length, and both Letters and Figures to be of a proper Breadth in Proportion to the Length thereof respectively, and shall continue the fame on every such Carriage as long as such Carriage shall be kept for the Purpose aforesaid, varying the Numbers on such Carriages from time to time as Occasion shall require, so as to make the fame correspond with the actual Number of such Carriages which he, Ihe qr they ihailxhen keep and if any Person or Persons so licensed as aforesaid shall neglect or omit to number, mark or

paint

III

Commissionenof Stamps to Tup-ply proper Certificates and Check Ticket#, to be filled up and used for denoting Hirings for Twenty eight Days or above.

When Horses hired for any Period of time are given up before time expires, Exchange Ticket, &c. to be delivered up to Farmer or Collector of Duties.

Persons licensed refilling, &c. to aik for or dlUvsr up the fame, Penalty iol. Unduly using fame,

Penalty 50L Persons falsely alleging hired Horses to be their own, and not delivering proper Tickets at Toll Gates,

Penalty 20I Carriages kept to be let with Horses hired by Mile or Stage (Exception) are to be numbered? and the Number and Owner's Name, See. to be painted thereou, under the Regelations herein mentioned.

Neglecting to nark, or falsely

I 12

marking Carriages, or unduly continuing Number on Carriage,

Penalty iol. Particulars to be inserted in Stamp Office Weekly Accounts, instead of the Particulars of

2S G*3- c-51* §27.

In cases of Hirings by Mile or Stage.

In cases of Hirings for any Time left than Twenty eight Days.

In cases of Hiring for Twenty eight Days or more.

In cases of Hirings for any Period of time, when the Horses shall be given up before the time expires.

Neglect, kc. Penalty 20l.

Persons licensed charging for Horses, let by the Mile or Stage, a specific Sura for the whole and not by the Mile, to pay One Fourth of Sum charged, as for Duty under 44 G. 3. c. 98. and to deliver Tickets as in case of charging per Mile, and otherwise to act as herein mentioned*

Penalty iol-

Persons letting Horses to Hire as aforesaid, to make Entries in Stamp Office Weekly Account, on fame

C. 59. 57° GEORGII III. A.D. 1817.

t

paint any such Carnage in manner aforesaid, or paint or cause to be marked or painted thereon any false or fidritious Name or Place, or any higher Number than the greatest Number of such Carriages which he, she or they shall then keep, or shall keep Two or more such Carriages with the fame Number marked or painted thereon, or shall continue any Number upon any such Carriage after he, she or they shall cease to keep a Number of such Carriages corresponding therewith, he, she or they shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds.

XV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Thirty first Day of January One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, all and every Person and Persons so licensed as aforesaid, shall, instead of the Particulars required by the said Act of the Twenty fifth Year of His Majesty's Reign (a) to be inserted in his, her or their Stamp Office Weekly Account, insert and let forth therein the several Particulars following; (that is to say, J whenever he, she or they shall let to Hire by the Mile or Stage, any Horse, Mare or Gelding, Horses, Mares or Geldings, to be used in travelling, the Number of Horses, Mares or Geldings, so let to Hire, the Number of Miles which the same shall be hired to go, the Names of the Towns or Places from which and to which the same shall be hired to go, the Month and Day of the Month and Week when the same shall be hired, the Sort or Description of every Carriage, if any, which he, she or they shall fumish, together with any such Horse, Mare or Gelding, Horses, Mares or Geldings, and the Number of every such Carnage, if hereby required to be numbered, and the Christian and Surname of every Postillion or Driver employed therewith, and also the Amount of the Duty payable for and in respect of the fame, upon every such Hiring; and whenever he, she or they shall let to Hire for any Period of time less than Twenty eight successive Days, any Horse, Mare or Gelding, Horses, Mares or Geldings, for drawing any Carriage used in travelling as aforesaid, the Number of Hones, Mares or Geldings so let to Hire, the Month and Day of the Month and Week when the same shall be hired, the Sort or Description of every Carriage, if any, which shall be furnished therewith, and the Number of every such Carriage, if hereby required to be numbered, the Christian and Surname of every Postillion or Driver employed with such Horse, Mare or Gelding, Horses, Mares or Geldings, the time for which the same shall be hired, and the Number of Miles which the same shall be hired to go or travel, and the Names of the Towns or Places from and to which the same shall be hired to go, where the Distance shall be ascertained, and also the Amount of the Duty payable for and in respect of th* fame upon every such Hiring; and whenever he, she or they shall let to Hire for Twenty eight successive Days or more, any Horse, Mare or Gelding, Horses, Mares or Geldings, for drawing any Carriage used in travelling as aforesaid, the Number of Horles, Mares or Geldings so let to Hire, the Month and Day of the Month and Week when the same shall be hired, the Sort or Description of every Carriage, if any, which shall be furnished therewith, and the Number of every such Carriage, if hereby required to be numbered, the Christian and Surname of every Postillion or Driver employed with such Horse, Mare or Gelding, Horses, Mares or Geldings, the time for which the same shall be hired, and the Name and Place of Abode of the Person hiring the fame; and he, she or they shall also insert in every such Account a Memorandum or Notice of all Holies, Mares or Geldings which shall have been let to Hire by him, her or them, for drawing any Carriage used in travelling as aforesaid, either for Two or more Days under Twenty eight, or for Twenty eight successive Days or above, and which since the Date of his, her or their last Account mall have been given up and returned to him, her or them by the Hirer, before the Expiration of the time agreed for; and in case of any Refofal or Neglect to insert the said several Particulars or any of them in any such Weekly Account as aforesaid, he, she or they shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty-Pounds. (a) [25 G. 3. c. 51. $27. but fee the Particulars required by 48 G. 3. c. 98. j 7. 9. instead of the-Particulars required by 25 G. 3. c. 51. §27.]

XVI. And for preventing Frauds and Evaiions of the said Duties granted by the said Act of the Forty fourth Year of His Majesty's Reign, be it further enacted, That from and after the said Thirty first Day of January One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, where any Person or Persons so licensed as aforesaid shall let to Hire by the Mile or Stage any Horse, Mare or Gelding, Horses, Mares or Geldings, to be used in travelling, and shall charge the Person or Persons hiring the fame a specific Sum of Money for the whole Stage or Distance which the same shall be hired to go, and not after the usual Rate per Mile, the Person or Persons letting such Horsey. Mare or Gelding, Horses, Mares or Geldings, shall be accountable for One Fourth Part of the Sum of Money so to be charged by him, her or them, as and for the Duty imposed by the said Act of the Forty fourth Year of His Majesty's Reign in such case, and shall deliver to the Person or Perfooe hiring such Horse, Mare or Gelding, Horses, Mares or Geldings, the like Stamp Office Ticket, as if the fame had been charged for per Mile, and shall add thereto the specific Sum charged for the fame; and the Person or Persons letting such Horse, Mare or Gelding, Horses, Mares or Geldings, shall also enter iu his, her or their Stamp Office Webkly Account One Fourth Part of the Sum so to be charged as aforesaid, as and for the Duty payable in respect of such Horse, Mare or Gelding, Horses, Mares or Geldings, and shall pay the same accordingly to the Collector or Collectors who shall be authorized to receive the said Duties; and if any such licensed Person or Persons shallrefufe or neglect so to do, he, she or they shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Thirty first Pay of January One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, all and every Person and Persons so liettfed as aforesaid, who shall let to Hire by the Mile or Stage any Horse, Mare or Gelding, Horses, Mares or Geldings, to be used in travelling, or shall let to Hire for any less Period of time than Twenty eight successive Days, or for a Period of Twenty eight successive Days or above, any Horse, Mare or Gelding, Horses, Mares or Geldings, for drawing any Carriage used in travelling as aforesaid, shall enter or cause to be entered in his, her or their Stamp Office Weekly Account the fevered Particulars by this Act required to be inserted therein, on the same Day oa

>vhicfy

A.D. 1817. 5f GEORGltIII. C. 59. 113

which such Horse, Mare or Gelding, Horses* Mares or Gelding'S* feufl be so let to Hire as aforesaid; and Day on which in Default thereof, he, she or they feall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Forty Shillings. Horses let.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Thirty first Day of January One thou- Pe*shy 40s.

frnd eight hundred and eighteen, instead of the Oath or Affirmation required by the said Act of the Twenty* to

fifth Year of His Mmefhrs Reign to be made by Persons licensed to let Horses to Hire as to the Truth of Hte to makV° their Stamp Office Weekly Accounts* the following Oath or Affirmation (halt be made and subscribed by Oith as to every Person so to be licensed as aforesaid: Truth of their

...Stamp Office

I A.B. do swear [or affirm, in the case of Quakers"], That the Stamp Office Weekly Account or Act. Weekly Accounts now delivered by me doth or do contain a just and true Statement of all Horses, Mares and Get counts.

dings which have been let to Hire by me or my Servants, or on my Behalf, either by the Mile or Form.

with or without a Carriage, or for any less Period of .time than Twenty eight successive Days, for drawing

any Coach or other Carnage used in travelling, from the Day of to the

'.Day of both inclusive, together wish the true Number of Mfilea i* the

1 cases of Hirings by the Mile or Stage, and the true Number of Pays and Miles in the cases of Hirings by

time, where the Distance to be travelled was ascertained, and the true Number of Days in the cases of f Hirings by time where the Distance to l?e travelled was not ascertained* for which such Horses, Mares and«Geldings respectively were so let to Hire, and also the full and whole Duty due and payable by me, or for

which I am accountable or chargeable for or in respect of such Horses, Mares and Geldings so let ta Hire c as aforesaid; and that the said Account or Accounts doth or do also contain a just and true Statement of«all Horses, Mares and Geldings which within the Period aforesaid have been let to Hire by me or my Ser-

vants, or on my Behalf, for drawing any Coach or other Carriage used in travelling, for the Space of

Twenty eight successive Days or more, together with the true Number of J)ays for which the fame were i so let to Hire in each caie all which laid Statements, matters and things, and all the other Particulars contained in the said Account or Accounts, so far as regards myself and my own Acts, are true, and so far c as regards the Acts of my Servants, or of any other Person or Persons on my Behalf, are true to the belt«of my Knowledge and Belief, So help me GOD.

Which said Oath or Affirmation shall be made and ftrbscribed before the Cofledor of the said Duties fajj Oath authorized to receive such Account or Accounts, who is hereby empowered to administer such Oath or Af- to b* made be-firmation 5 and if any Person making such Oath or Affirmation feall knowingly and wilfully make a falft lore Collector. Oath or Affirmation of or concerning any of the matters to be therein specified and set forth, every Perforr so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be fhbjed and liable to such Pahis and Penalties as by Perjury. any Law now in force Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury are firbjed and liable So. '

XIX. And be it further enacted, That aM the Regulations, Fhmfions, Dtredions, Forfeitures, Pains1 am! How far Penalties contained in and imposed by the said! Ad of the Twenty fifth Year of His MajestyV Retoprr, re-3 G* 3* c-5*« lating to the Stamp Office Weekly Accounts, and to the Oath or Affirmation to be made m Verifoatfon ^extend to thereof, so far as the same are not hereby altered or varied; shall be deemed and taken to be hr full Fbrce, and Account# by this to apply to such Accounts with the Alterations and Variations hereinbefore directed to be made therein, and Act.

to the Oath or Affirmation hereby required to be made refoedtog. the feme as aforesaid.

XX. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Thirty first Day of January One thousand At what Placet eight hundred and eighteen, every Person so to be licensed as aforesaid; redding so the City of London or Et- licensed Pferftn# berty of Westminster, or within Five Miles of the Head Office of Stamps, or within the BiHa of Mortality;

shall attend and deliver his or her Stamp Office Weekly Accounts, and pay the Duties for which hr or ftn count$ gmj

shall be accountable, unto the Collector authorized to receive the feme, at such Plate hi London or Wtfk Duties.

msnfler and at facb time as shall be appointed for that Purpose by a Notice to be written or printed upon the

Blank Forms of the Stamp Office Weekly Accounts, which shall from time to time be dfehveretU to him or

her by any authorized Conedor of the said Duties, for the Purpose of making therein the Entries required by

this Act 5 and every Person so to be Ecensed as aforesaid, not redding within Five Miles of the Head Office

of Stamps, or within the Bills cf Mortality, shall1 attend and deliver his or her Stamp Office Weekly Ac*

dounts, and pay the Duties for which he or she shall be accountable, unto the Chlkdor authorized'to receive

the fame, at such Place to the Market Town in which he or she shall reside, or in the near eft Market Town

to his or her Place of Residence, if out of a Market Town, and at* such time as shall be appointed for that Purpose by a Notice to be written or printed upon the Bhrnk Forms of the Stamp Office Weekly Accounts* Not delivering

which shall from time to time be deffirered to him or her by any authorized Collector of the said Duties* for Account, and the-Purpose of making therein the Entries required by this Act, under the Pedalty of Ten Pounds for every 5°tPa)rra*

Default in not dlelfrenng such Account, and double the Amount of the Duties due and payable by foeh li- penalty.

censed Person for the Non payment* thereof.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, not being licensed as aforesaid, feall, Pferfonsnocli-after the said Thirty first Day of January One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, let to Hire by the Mile or Stage any Horse, Mare or Gelding to be used in travelling, or fed! let to Hire for any Period of time less f0/Horses letto than Twenty eight successive Days any Horse, Mare or Gelding for drawing any such Coach or other Car- Hire by them riage as aforesaid, he, fee or they shall be chargeable with and accountable for the Duty or Duties granted by the fame a# if the said Act of the Forty fourth Year of His Majesty's Reign for and to respect of every Horse, Mare or they had been Gteldfog so to be let to Hire, in such and the same manner as if he, fee os they had obtained such Licence as aforesaid, and had received Inch Duty or Duties of and from the Person or Persons hiring such Horse,

Mare or Gelding, and feall' from time to time, upon a Week's Notice in Writing for that Purpose given by any Collector of the said Duties for the County, District or Place where he, fee or they shall so let any 57Guo.HL Q Horse,

II,

C. 59.

5>*' GEORGII III.

A.D. 1817.

[Penalty.]

Distress.

Proceedings on Distress.

Horse, Mare or Gelding to Hire as aforesaid, deliver to such Collector whenever by him requested, after the Expiration of such Notice, a true Account in Writing, signed by him, her or them, of every Horse, Mare and Gelding which he, she or they shall have let to Hire in the manner aforesaid, and shall not then have al-realy accounted for, and of the mode and manner in which every such Horse, Mare and Gelding shall have been let to Hire, and of the Duty or Duties payable in respect thereof, in such and the same manner as is hereby required to be done by Persons licensed as aforesaid, and shall also verify such Account by Oath or Affirmation (to be administered by such Collector), in like manner as licensed Persons are hereby required to do, and shall thereupon pay to such Collector the Amount of such Duty or Duties; and in case of any Refusal or Ne-gleft so to do, then he, she or they shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds for every Default in not delivering such Account verified as aforesaid, and double the Amount of the Duty or Duties which he, (he Proviso for Deli- or they shall be then chargeable with for th^ Non Payment thereof: Provided always, that where any such very of Account Notice shall have been given and Request made for the Delivery of such Account as aforesaid, then, upon and Payment of the Delivery of such Account and Payment of the Duty due thereon, in pursuance of such Notice and Re-ticeandRe ue(t an<* upon taking out such Licence or Licences as ought to have been taken out by him, her or them

ce an eque previously thereto, the Person or Persons so delivering such Account shall be indemnified and discharged from any Penalty or Penalties which he, she or they may be then liable to in consequence of having let to Hire any Horse, Mare or Gelding, in the manner mentioned in such Account without having obtained such Licence as aforesaid.

Duties not ex-

XXII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Thirty first Day of January One thousand ceeding rot. may eight hundred and eighteen, where any Person or Persons liable to account for and pay any Duty or Duties be recovered by granted by the said Act of the Forty fourth Year of His Majesty's Reign, for and in respect of any Horse, Mare or Gelding, Horses, Mares or Geldings, by him, her or them let to Hire as aforesaid, shall refuse or neglect to account for and pay*he fame, according to the Directions of the said herein before mentioned Acts^ or any of them, or of this Act, to the Collector appointed to receive such Duties for the County, District or Place where he, she or they shall have let to Hire such Horse, Mare or Gelding, Horses, Mares or Geld- ings, and such Duty or Duties shall not exceed the Sum of Ten Pounds, it shall be lawful for such Col-leaor, first obtaining a Warrant for that Purpose under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of any One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace redding near the Place where any such letting to Hire shall have been made, (which Justice or Justices, on Complaint made to him or them, shall summoa the Party complained of, and the Witnesses on either Side, and examine into the Matter of Fact, and shall grant such Warrant, on due Proof being made of the Sum due and owing for such Duty or Duties as aforesaid, by the voluntary Con-session of the Par^y, or by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, ) to distrain such Person or Persons by his, ner or their Goods and Chattels for the A.mount of such Duty or Duties, and the Distress so to be taken to detain and keep for the Space of Four Days, at the Costs and Charges of such Person or Persons; and if he, she or they shall not within that time pay the Amount of such Duty or Duties, with the Costs and Charges of taking and keeping such Distress, tnen the Goods and Chattels so distrained shall be (old by such Collector, who shall render the Overplus of the Money arising by the Sale thereof, if any shall remain, after deducing and retaining the Amount of such Duty 6r Duties, and the Costs and Charges of taking, keeping and lelling such Distress* to the Person or Persons so to be distrained as aforesaid; and it; shall also be lawful for such Collector, for the Pirtpose of taking such Distress, to break open in the Day.time any House or Place where any Goods or Chattels of such Person or Persons shall be, being thereunto b" auth°rized by such Warrant as aforesaid, and calling to his Assistance a Constable, Tythingman or Headbo-

uking Distress, rough «f the County, Shire, Stewartry, City, Town or Place where any Refusal or Resistance shall be calling to his Af- made, which said Officers are hereby required to aid and assist therein; and that the leaving of the Summons fiftance a Con- to appear before such Justice or Justices at the Dwelling House or usual or last known Place of Abode of the liable, &c. Party complained of, shall be deemed a good Service thereof.

Duties not to at-

XXIII. And to prevent Doubts, be it further enacted and declared, That from and after the passing of each on Horses this Act the said hereinbefore mentioned Duties shall not be deemed to attach upon or be payable for or in drawing FHh respect of any Horses, Mares or Geldings which shall be hired for drawing any Carts or Carriages kept or nev^hariots " u^ua^y employed for the Conveyance of Fish, or for or in respect of any Horses, Mares or Geldings used in, kc. but to attach Chariots or other Carriages duly licensed by the Commissioners of Hackney Coaches, where the same shall be on those drawing hired to go no greater Distance than Ten Miles from the City of London or Westminster or the Suburbs Hearses. thereof \ but that the said Duties shall be deemed to attach upon and be payable for or in respect of Horses,

Mares and Geldings which shall be hired for drawing Hearses, in the fai»e manner a9 those hired for drawing Mourning Coaches or other Carriages.

Justices of Peace

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Thirty first Day of January One thou-may cause Roads sand eight hundred and eighteen, it shall be lawful for Two or more Justices of the Peace for any Division iq to be measured Great Britain* to cause the Distances between any Places in their Division and the Neighbourhood to be Meaforeraent measured by some proper Person or Persons, who shall be paid for such Measurement such Sum as shall ap-being verified on P^1* reasonable to the said Justices out of the County Stock by the Treasurer of such County, upon the War-Oath. rant of the said Justices 5 and the Measurement being verified before the said Justices by the Oath of the

Person or Persons making the same, to publish such Measurement under the Hand of the Clerk of such Di-la what case vision, Twice in some Newspaper of the County for which such Justices shall act; and from and after such Post Matters Publication, if any Person letting Horses to hire shall charge for a greater Number of Miles than shall be more Miles than* ^Pec^e<^ in the Table of Distances so to be published, if the Stage or Distance for which any Horse, Mare Meaforement, or Gelding shall be hired shall exceed Seven Miles, he or she shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence the Penalty 10l. Sum of Ten Pounds.

; , '12 " XXV. And

House, See. may bt broken open

A.D. 1817. 57° GEORGII III. C. 59, 60. 115

XXV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Thirty first Day of January One thousand Penalties how eight hundred and eighteen, all pecuniary penalties amounting to Ten Pounds or upwards, and not amount- recovered, ing to Fifty Pounds, imposed by this Act or by the said Act of the Twenty fifth Year of His Majesty's

Reign, may be sued for, recovered and levied, either in the manner prescribed by that Ad with regard to Penalties amounting to Fifty Pounds, or in the manner thereby prescribed with regard to Penalties not amounting to Fifty Pounds; and all pecuniary Penalties not amounting to Ten Pounds imposed by this Act shall be sued for, recovered and levied in the manner prescribed by the said Act of the Twenty fifth Year of.

His Majesty's Reign, with regard to Penalties of the lame Amount.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Thirty first Day of January One thou- Application of faod eight hundred and eighteen, all pecuniary Penalties imposed by this Act, and by the said hereinbefore' Penalties, mentioned Acts or any of them, in anywise relating to the said Duties hereinbefore particularly mentioned,

which shall be sued for within Six Calendar Months after the same shall be incurred, shall be divided and go. in the manner following; that is to say, One Moiety thereof shall go to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof, together with full Costs of Suit, shall go to the Person or Persons who shall inform and sue for the fame 5 and it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons whomsoever to inform and sue for the fame within the time aforesaid, notwithstanding the Provisions to the contrary contained in the said Act of the Forty fourth Year of His Majesty's Reign, or in any other Act or Acts; and all such Penalties as shall not be sued for within the time aforesaid shall go and belong wholly to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Fanner of any Profiscutions for,

of the said Duties, or for any other Person or Persons, to prosecute for any such pecuniary Penalty in any of Penalties not to His Majesty's Courts at fVekminster, or in Scotland, without having first obtained the Consent in Writing of t<

the said Commissioners of Stamps, or any Two of them, nof unless the Prosecution for the same shall be ^riting^carried on by the Solicitor of Stamps, or some other Solicitor or Attorney approved of by the said Com- Commissionem missioners, or any Two of them; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Stamps, or the major of Stamps, and Part of them, it they shall think fit, to order the Proceedings to be flayed in any such Prosecution, on Pay- j be tarried 00 ment of Part only of the Penalty incurred, with or without Costs, or on Payment only of the Costs incurred

in such Prosecution, or any Part thereof, as they shall judge proper and expedient.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall not be necessary What Proofe upon the Trial or Hearing of any Action, Suit or Prosecution already commenced, or hereafter to be com- shall be fuftdent menced for the Recovery of any of the said Duties on Horses, Mates and Geldings hired in the manner iforefc Duties'and^said, which are or shall be let to Farm in pursuance of the said Act of the Fifty fourth Year of His Majesty's

Reign or of this Act, or of any future Act of Parliament, or for the Recovery of any Penalty or.Penalties imposed by the said herein before mentioned Acts or any of them, or by this Act or any future Ad in anywise relating to the said Duties, to produce the Instrument whereby the Commissioners of Stamps in Great Britain or any of them were or shall be authorized by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to let to Farm the said Duties on Horses, Mares and Geldings, or any of them, or to produce the Commifikm whereby the said Commissioners of Stamps were constituted and appointed such Commissioners, or to prove the Execution of any Contract or Agreement whereby any of the said Duties on Horses, Mares and Geldings are or shall be let to Farm; or of any Assignment of any such Contract or Agreement, or of any Commission,

Deputation or Authority whereby any Person or Persons is or are qr shall be appointed a Collector or Collectors of any of the fame Duties by the said Commissioners of Stamps, or any of them, or to prove the Signatures of the said Commissioners to any Consent to prosecute for any such pecuniary Penalty as aforesaid:

Provided always, that such Contract, Agreement, Asignment, Commission, Deputation or Authority and Consent to prosecute, shall be produced on the Trial or Hearing of such Action, Suit or prosecution, and it shall be made to appear that the Person or Persons claiming under such Contract, Agreement, Asignment,

Commission, Deputation or Authority, had in fad acted as the Farmer or Farmers, Collector or Collectors of the Duties therein mentioned and described, or some of them; and that in every such case such Proof.shall be deemed and taken by the Judges or Justices before whom any such Trial or Hearing shall be had, to be good and legal Evidence of such Person or Persons being the Farmer or Farmers, Collector or Collectors of the Duties mentioned and described in such Contract, Agreement, Asignment, Commission, Deputation or Authority, unless by other Evidence the contrary shall be made to appear; any Law or Usage to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

CAP. LX.

An Act to regulate certain Offices in the Court of Exchequer in England.

[7th July 1817.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that certain Offices in the Court of Exchequer in England, not given or granted by the Lord Chief Baron or Barons of the Court of Exchequer, or any or either of them, or by the Chief Justice or Judge of either of His Majesty's Courts of.Record at Westminster9znd certain Offices in the Alienation Office, should be regulated 5' Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after and upon the Termination respectively of the present existing Interests in the undermentioned Offices, videlicet, King's Remembrancer, Clerk of the* Pleas, Clerk of the Pipe, Comptroller of the Pipe, Marshal, Foreign Appoicr, Surveyor and Receiver General of Green Wax* Lord Treahirer's Remembrancer, Clerk of Foreign Eftreata, Clerk of the Nichells, Comptroller of First Fruits; and in the Alienation Office Three Commissioners, the Reeeivsr General, Two entering Clerks, Matter in Chancery and the Solicitor of the Exchequer 5 and so soon


Certain Offices, after the Termination of the present Interests therein, to he executed in Person, and not by IX puty;

u6

and as they become vacant, the Duties, Emolument* and Establishments to be regulated by the Treasury.

The Fee* at present charged to continue and to be applicable to Payment of 3aUries, and the Red due to nufce Part of the Cou-folidated Fund.

The Offices of Wardens, &c. abolished on Termination of ezifting IntereUf, and the Duties to be performed by the First Commissioner of His Majesty's Woods, For efts.and Land Revenues;

who is not to receive any Salary, Fee or Emolument.

Salaries of the abolished Offices to make Part of the.Consolidated Fund.

C.f>o, 6l. $7* GEORGII III. A.D. 1817.

as the bid Offices respectively shall become vacant by the Death, Resignation or Removal of the Person or Persons now hiding the fame, the Duties thereof respectively shall be discharged by the Officers respectively appointed to hold the fame in Person, and not by Deputy; and from time to time as any of the said respective Offices shall become vacant as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or any Three or more of them for the time being, and they are hereby authorized and required to regulate the Duties* Emoluments and Establishraents of the said respective Offices as they become vacant, so as that the several Duties to be discharged therein respectively shall be performed in Person, and not by Deputy; and for that Purpose shall appoint inch and such Number of fit and proper Persons as may be Sufficient and necessary to perform and execute the Duties to be done, performed and executed in the said Offices respectively, as the said Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners shall deem fit, with such Salaries or Allowances as shall be ordered and appointed by the said Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners, or any Three or more of them in that Behalf; Regard being bad in every such case to the Nature and Extent of the Duties to be performed, and to the - Responsibibty which may attach or belong to the several and respective Offices or Persons executing the Duties of the said Offices respectively; and all such Regulations, Appointments, Salaries and Allowances, when so made and established, shall thereupon become and be in full Force and Effect in relation to the said Offices respectively; any thing contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament, or any Law or Laws, or Usage, Custom or Practice to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, That any Fees at present charged or chargeable for or in respect of any of the said Offices, or received or receivable according to Law ia any of the find Offices respectively, (hah continue to be received, and the same shall be applied in Payment of the Salary or Salaries, Allowance or Allowances, authorized by this Act to be granted or made in each of the said Offices in which such Fees shall be received; and if any balance of such Fees shall remain, after paying and Satisfying such Salaries or Allowances respectively, the same shall be paid by such Officer or Officers so to be appointed as aforesaid, once in every Three Months, into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, and go to and make Part of the Confo-fidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

CAP. LXL

An Act to abolish die Offices of the Wardens, Chief Justices and Justices in Eyre, North and South

of Trent* [7th July 1817.]

WHEREAS the Office of Warden, Chief Justice and Justice in Eyre of His Majesty's Forests, W Chafes, Parks and Warrens North of 7rm/, and the Office of Warden, Chief Justice and Justice

in Eyre of His Majesty's Forests, Chafes, Parks and Warrens South of Treaty are Offices of considerable ( Emolument, - and by reafton of the Difaftbrefting of numy of the great Forests, and the enelofing of others

of such Forests, and the Regulations which have from time to time been made relative to the Management

of the Woods, Forests and Land Revenues of the Crown, and the Rights appertaining thereto or connected

therewith, the efficient Duties of the said Offices have in a great raeafure ceased, and the remaining Duties of such Offices may be otherwise provided for without Prejudice to the Rights of the Crown; and it is ' therefore expedient that such Offices respectively should, upon the Termination of the present existing Interests

therein, be abolished May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spirittsal and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said respective Offices of Wardens, Chief Justices and Justices ia Eyre of His Majesty's Forests, Chafes, Parks and Warrens North and South of Trent respectively, shall, upon the respective Terminations of the present existing Interests therein, be wholly abolished; and from and after such Abolition all the Duties of inch Offices respectively shall be performed by the First Commissioner for the time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues; and for that Purpose all the respective Powers and Authorities be* longing or appertaining to the said Offices of Wardens, Chief Justices and Justices in Eyre of His Majesty's Forests, Chafes, Parks and Warrens North and South of Trent respectively, shall, immediately upon the ceasing of such Offices respectively, become and be and remain vested in such First Commissioner for the time being, without any special or other Appointment for that Purpose or in that Behalf 5 and every such First Commissioner for the time being shall and he is hereby authorized, empowered and required to perform all such Duties, and for that purpose to use and exercise all such Powers and Authorities, and enforce the feme by all such and the like Ways, Means, Suits and Proceedings, and do and perform all such Acts, matters and things, as may be necessary in that Behalf, as fully and effectually to all Inteutg and Purposes as if the said First Commissioner had been duly and legally appointed to the said Offices respectively, and was, in virtue of a legal Appointment, Warden, Chief Justice and Justice in Eyre of His Majesty's Forests, Chafes, Parks and Warrens North and South of Trent respectively; provided that such First Commissioner shall not be entitled to, or have, take or receive any Salary, Fee or Emolument whatever in respect thereof.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Salaries of the said Officers shall, uphn the Termination thereof respectively, make Part of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland? and a Sum equal to the Amount of each of such Salaries shall, upon such Termination of each of such Offices respectively, be retained in the Exchequer as Part of the Consolidated Fund, and not issued or carried to the Account of the Civil List; any thing contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

A.D. 181y,

57° GEORGII III. C. 62. 117

CAP. LXII.

An Act to abolish certain Offices, and to regulate certain other Offices* in Ireland. .[7th July 1817.]

WHEREAS the Offices in Ireland hereto after mentioned respectively are Offices some of which it ( W is expedient to abolish, and with respect to others it is'expedient to make Ptovifioo for a more

effectual and economical Execution of the Duties thereof respectively after the Termination of the present

existing Interests therein respectively 5' May it therefore pledfe Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, - That from and after and upon the respective Terminations of the respective present existing Interests in each and every of the following Offices; that is to say, Surveyor General of Crown Lends; Keeper of Records in the Birmingham Tower at Dublin; Keeper of the Records of Parliament; Clerk of the Paper Office; and as each of the said Offices shall respectively become vacant, upon the Termination of such present existing Interests, each and every of the said Offices shall be abolifted; and the said Offices shall not, nor shall any of .them, from and after the passing of this Act, be granted to any Person or Persons whomsoever; and the said Offices are hereby, from and after the respective times when the same shall respectively become vacant, wholly abolifted.

II. And be it further enacted, That all Records, Maps, Books and Papers whatfdeter, now in the Custody, Power or Possession of the said before mentioned Officers, or any of them, or of any of their Clerks or Deputies, shall upon the respective Terminations of the present existing Interests in each and every of the said Offices respectively, be removed, transferred and delivered to the Office or Offices, Place or Places appointed or to be appointed for the preserving and Securing of the Records of Ireland; and shall from thenceforth be there Safely kept and preferred according to the Directions of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being; and.it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, at any time either before or after the Termination of the present existing Interests in any of the said Offices hereby abolifted, to order and direct that all such Records, Books, Maps and Papers shall be removed, transferred and delivered into the said Record Office or Offices, and the feme shall then be forthwith removed, transferred and delivered accordingly; and it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other. Chief Governor or Governors oi Ireland for the time being, from time to time to give such Orders ancTDireftions for the Safe Custody, Preservation and Arrangement of the said Records, and of all or any other Records relating to Ireland, as to such Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland shall at any time Seem fitting and expedient*

III. And be it further enacted, That from and after avid upon the respective Terminations of the respective existing Interests in each and every of the following Offices; that is to fey. Accountant to the Board of General Officers; Secretary to the said Board; Correftor and Supervisor of His Majesty's Printing Press j Compiler of the Dublin Gazette;Master of the Revels; Seneschal of His Majesty's Manors; Accountant General (now held by Stephen Moore Esquire); Supervisor of Accounts in the Barrack Department; Barrack Master of the Royal Barrcks; and as each of the said Offices shall respectively become vacant upon the Termination of such present existing Interests, each and every of the said Offices shall be respectively abolifted; and the said Offices shall not, nor shall any o& them, from- and after the passing of this Act, be granted to any Person or Persons whomsoever; and the said Offices are hereby, from and after the respective times when the feme shall respectively become vacant, wholly abolifted.

IV. And be it further enacted, That from and after and upon the respective Terminations of the respective existing Interests in each and every of the following Offices; that is to fey, Constable of the Castle of Lu merich; Constable of the Castle of Dublin; Constable of the Caftk of Cafilemain; no Salary or Allowances whatsoever, other than and except the Rents and Profits of the Lands and Hereditaments attached to the said Offices respectively, shall be paid or payable out of His Majesty's Civil List or otherwise to the said Officers, or to any or either of them; but all such Salaries or Allowances (except as aforesaid) shall cease and determine; and the said Salaries and Allowances (except as aforesaid) are hereby, from and after the respective time8 when the said Offices shall respectively become vacant at any time after the passing of this Act, wholly abolifted.

V. And be it further enacted, That the fevexyl and respective Duties of the several and respective Offices in Ireland hereafter mentioned; that is to fey. Clerk of the Council; Mufier Master General; Pratique Master of the Port of Dublin; Storekeeper of the Customa in the said Port; stall from and after and upon the respective Terminations of the respective present existing Interests in each of the said Offices respectively, and as each of the said Offices shall become vacant upon the Termination of such present existing Interests, be regulated under the Provisions herein after ip this Act contained 5 and shall thereafter be executed and performed by the several and respective Persons to be appointed to execute the feme in Person.

VI. And be it further enacted, That from time to time at any of such Four last mentioned Offices shall become vacant upon the Termination of the present existing Interest or Interests therein, it shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, in Concurrence with the Lord High Treasurer or the Commissioner6 of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, or any Three or more of such Commissioners, and they are hereby authorised and required, to regulate the Duties and Establishments of the said last mentioned Offices so becoming vacant, so as that the said Duties shall be performed in Person by such and such Number of fit and proper Persons as may be sufficient and necessary to

perform

Certain Offices in Ireland. 00 Termination of existing Interests, aboiUhed.

The Records, fee. of the said Offices transferred to the Public Record Office, under Direction of Lord Lieutenant.

Lord Lieutenant, either before or after the Termination of existing Interests, may order such Records to he removed into the said Office.

Certain ether Offices abelished on Termination of existing Interest*

Salary, & C. (Exception) of certain Offices abolifted on Termination of existing Interests.

Certain Offices regulated.

Lord Lieutenant of Ireland, with Concurrence of Treasury, to make Proton for the Execution of the Duties of such Offices becoming

C. 62.

Sf GEORGII III.

A.D. 1817.

vacant afier the perform and execute the Duties to be done, performed and executed in the said Offices, as the said Lord Expiration of Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland and the said Commissioners of His Majesty's and a^int^3a* treasury shall deem fit, with such Salaries or Emoluments as shall be ordered and appointed by the said Lord laries^adequate Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors, and the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, to the Duties or any Three or more of them, in that Behalf; Regard being had in every such case to the Nature and Ex-snd Responsibili- tent of the Duties to be performed, and to the Responsibility which may attach or belong to the several and ties attached to respective Officers or Persons executing the Duties of the said Offices respectively; and all such Regulations, Appointments and Salaries, when so made and established, shall become and be in full Force and Enest in relation to the said Offices respectively$ any thing contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament, or any Law or Usage, Custom or Practice, to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them for the time being, mall within Six Weeks after the Regulation under the Provisions of this Act of any such Office so becoming vacant as aforesaid, if Parliament shall then be fitting, or if, Parliament shall be then fitting, or if Parliament shall not be then fitnng, then yrithin Six Weeks after the Commencement of the then next Session of Parliament, lay before both Houses of Parliament an Account of such new Establishment of the Office so regulated, with a Statement of the Number of Offices and Amount of Salaries of each respectively, together with a Statement of the former Establishment of the Office so regulated.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after and upon the respective Terminations of the re-Bwi^oYworks ^Pe^ve Present existing Interests ia each and every of the Offices of Commissioners of the Board of Works in aboWhed asOiey Ireland and as each of the said Offices shall respectively become vacant upon the Termination of the present become vacant/ existing Interests, each and every of the said Offices shall respectively be abolished, and the said Offices shall not, nor shall any of them, from and after the passing of this Act, be granted to any Person or Persons whomsoever; and the said Offices are hereby, from and after the respective times when the same shall respectively become vacant, wholly abolished; and after the Offices of the said Commissioners shall become vacant, it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, in Concurrence with the Lord High Treasurer or the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, to make such Arrangement, by the Appointment of One or more Officer of Officers, as shall provide for the efficient Execution in Person of all Duties connected with the Superintendence of the public und^Ch^ge of Buildings now Under the Charge of the said Board of Works, at such reasonable Rate of Salary or Salaries as the said Beard. (Ml be sufficient for the Purpose; and an Account of every such Appointment and Rate of Salary shall be laid before Parliament in like manner as by this Act is required with respect to the Regulation of other Offices under this Act.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all Sums of Money arising from Salaries, Fees or Emoluments, which

nuns shall by reason of the Regulation of any such Office be more than sufficient to defray the Salaries and inci-

EftTbhChment of dental Charges of the new Establishment of any such Office, shall be paid (by the Orders and Directions of such Offices, to the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, which Orders and Directions the said

Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, are hereby authorized and required to make and give for that Purpose) into the Receipt of the Exchequer in Ireland, and shall be carried to and make Part of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom 5 any thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that any such Salary or Allowance as shall be payable to any or either of the said Offices out of the*Civil List of Ireland, shall be carried to and make Part of the said Consolidated Fund during the Life of His present Majesty only, and no longer, unless Provision shall hereafter be made by Parliament for that Purpose.

X. And be it further enacted, That every Office and Appointment belonging to and making Part of the Establishment of any of the said Offices respectively, when so regulated as aforesaid, shall be deemed and taken to be a new Office within the true Intent and Meaning of an Act passed in the Forty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for declaring what Persons shall be disabled from fitting and voting in the House of Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; and dlfo for carrying into elseS Part of the Fourth Article of the Union of Great Britain and Ireland, by providing in what cases Persons holding Offices pr Places of Profit under the Crown of Ireland shall be incapable of being Members of the House of Commons of the Parliament of the said United Kingdom /and every Person holding any such Office shall be incapable of fitting or voting as a Member of the House of Commons j and every such Officer who shall fit or vote in the House of Commons shall be liable and subject to the Penalties and Forfeitures contained* in the said recited Act with respect to such Person or Persons as shall be disabled or incapacitated by the holding or accepting of any Office, Employment or Place of Profit in the said Act enumerated and particularized.

XI. And be it further enacted, That from and after and upon the Termination of the present existing Interest in the Office of Keeper of the King*s Privy Seal for Ireland, the said Office shall be granted during The King's Pleasure only; and that the said Office shall from thenceforth always be holden, and the Duties thereof shall be executed, by the Person who for the time being shall hold the Office of Chief Secretary to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland: Provided always, that none of the Provi-

each Office.

Treasury to lay before Parliament Statement of former and new Establishment.

Offices of Com-

ic.

and Lord Lieutenant, with Concurrence of Treasury, to make Arrangements for the Execution in Person of Duties

Savings arising by new Regulations of the

go to the Consolidated Fund

Persons belonging to the said Offices when regulated, incapable of fitting or voting as Members of the House of Commons.

41 G. 3. c. 51.

Office of Keeper of the Privy Seal in Ireland shall in future be granted during Pleasure, and

holden in manner fion8 jn t^j8 Act before contained*, with respect to the several other Offices hereinbefore mentioned, shall extend cdT'^Chief to l^e 0ce Keeper of the Privy Seal 5 but that the said Office shall, from and after the Termination Secretary to the present existing Interest therein, be holden by such Chief Secretary for the time being in like manner in

Lord Lieutenant.11 Respects as the fame was usually holden before the Grant of such present existing Interest.

A.D. 1817.

37° GEORGII III.

0.63, 64. 119

CAP. LXIII.

An Act to regulate the Offices of Clerks of the Signet and Privy Seal.

[7th July 1817.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the respective Offices of Clerks of the Signet and of Clerks of the 4 W Privy Seal should be regulated; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after and upon the respective Terminations of the respective existing Interests in each of the said Offices of Clerks of the Signet and Privy Seal respectively, and as each of the said Offices shall become vacant, upon the Termination of such present existing Interests, the Duties of the said Offices respectively shall be executed and performed by the several and respective Persons who shall be appointed to execute the fame in Person.

II. And be it further enacted, That from time to time as any of the said Offices of the Clerks of the Signet and of the Clerks of the Privy Seal respectively, shall become vacant, upon the Termination of the present existing Interests therein respectively, it shall be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer of the United Kingdom- of Great BrU tain and Ireland, or the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for the time being, or any Three or more of them, and they are hereby authorized and required, to regulate the Duties and Establishmenls of the Offices so becoming vacant, so as that the said Duties shall be performed in Person by such Number of fit and proper Persons to be appointed by the Persons authorized to appoint such respective Clerks as the said Commissioners of the Treasury or any Three or more of them shall deem fit, with such Salaries or Emoluments as shall be ordered and appointed by the said Commissioners or any Three or more of them in that behalf. Regard being had in every such case to the Nature and Extent, of the Duties to be performed, and to the Refpofibility which may attach or belong to the several and respective* Officers or Persons executing the Duties of the said Offices respectively; and all such Regulations, Appointments and Salaries, when so made and established, shall become and be in full Force and EfFeft in relation to the said Offices respectively; any thing contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament, or any Law or Laws, or Usage, Custom or Practice, to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury of the United Kingdom, or any Three or more of them for the time being, shall, within Six Weeks after the Regulation under the Provisions of this Act, of any such Office of Clerk of the Signet or Clerk of the Privy Seal so becoming vacant as aforesaid, if Parliament shall be then fitting, if Parliament shall not be then .fitting, then within Six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, lay before both Houses of Parliament an Account of such new Establishment of the Office so regulated, with a Statement of the Number of Offices and Amount of Salaries of each respectively, together with a Statement of the former Establishment of the Office so regulated.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all Sums of Money arising from Salaries, Fees or Emoluments, which shall by reason of the Regulation of any such Offices of Clerks of the Signet and Privy Seal respectively be more than sufficient to defray the Salaries and incidental Charges of the new Establishment of any such Office, shall, by the Orders and Directions of the said Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury (which Orders and Directions the said Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them* are hereby authorized and required to make and give for that Purpose) be carried to and paid into and make Part, of the* Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland / any thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted, That every Office and Appointment belonging to and making Part of the Establishment of any of the said Offices respectively, when so regulated as aforesaid under the Provisions of this Act, shall be deemed and taken to be a new Office within the true Intent and Meaning of an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of Her late Majesty Queen Anne; and every Person holding any such Office shall be incapable of fitting or voting as a Member of the House of Commons; and every such Officer who shall fit or vote in the House of Commons shall be liable and subject to the Penalties and Forfeitures contained in an Act passed in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act to exclude certain Officer* from being Member of the House of Common*.

CAP. LXIV.

An Act to abolish certain Offices, and regulate others in Scotland. [fth July 1817.]

WHEREAS certain Offices in Scotland require to be regulated, and it is expedient that certain other Offices in that Part of the United Kingdom should be abolished May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted 5 and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after and upon the Termination of the present existing Interest in the Office of Keeper of the Great Seal for Scotland, or when the said Office shall become vacant, it shall not be lawful for His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, to grant any higher Salary to the Keeper of the Great Seal for Scotland, nor shall any Keeper of the Great Seal for Scotland henceforth to be appointed enjoy a higher Salary in respect of such Appointment than the Sum of Two thousand Pounds per Annum.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Fees heretofore charged or chargeable for or in respect of any Charters, Letters Patent or other Instruments passing the Great Seal of Scotland, shall continue to be paid and

payable

After Termination of existing Interests, Office* of Clerks of the Signet and Prjvy Seal tt> be performed in Person.

Treasury to make Provision for the Execution of the Duties of such Offices,

and for Salaries, Sec.

Treasury to lay Statements of former and new Estabiiftunent before Parliament.

Savings arising by new Regulations to go to the Consolidated Fund.

Persons belong- > ing to the said Offices, when regulated, incapable of fitting or voting as Members of the House of Commons.

6 Ann. c. 7.

15 G. 2. c. 22.

After Termination of existing Interest, the Salary of Keeper of the Great

Seal for Scotlaml limited to 2, occl. per Annum.

Fees continued.

120

Application

thereof.

If Fees insufficient, Deficiency how defrayed.

Salary of Keeper of the Privy Seal for Scotland in like manner limited to i, iool. per Annum.

Fees Continued-

Application

thereof.

If Fees inefficient, Deficiency how defrayed.

After Termuaa-tiqp of eaifting inteieAs, Office of Keeper of the Signet difirherged by Lord Re-gilter, Salary limited to i, 100l. per Annum. Clerks* &c. appointed by Treasury.

Fees continued.

Application

thereof.

Balance of Fees how and to whom to be

paid.

Protifion if Office of Keeper of the Signet become vacant before that of Lord Register, as to Performance of Duties and Payment of Fees to Receiver General.

The like Provision k case the Office of Lord Register shall

C. 64. 57° GEORGII III. A.D. 1817.

payable for or in respect of such Instrumenls passing the fame j and all such Fees shall be applied* in the first Place, in the paying and defraying such Salary as the Lord High Treasurer of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of the said United Kingdom for the time being, or any Three or more of them, shall think fit to grant to the Deputy Keeper of the said Great Seal 5 and, in the next Place, in the paying to the Keeper of the said Great Seal the said Salary of Two thousand Pounds per Annum hereby authorized to be granted to him 5 and the Surplus of such Fees shall, at the Expiration of every Quarter, be paid to the Receiver General of Scotland for the time being, to be by him accounted for with other Public Monies received by him; and if such Fees shall not be sufficient to pay such Salary, the Balance remaining unsatisfied by such Fees shall and may be defrayed in the same manner as the Salary of the Keeper of the Great Seal is at present paid and defrayed.

III. And be it further enacted, That from and after and upon the Termination of the present existing Interest in the Office of Keeper of the Privy Seal for Scotland, or when the said Office shall become vacant, it shall not be lawful for His Majesty, Hie Heirs or Successors, to grant any higher Salary to the Keeper of the Privy Seal for Scotland, nor shall any Keeper of the Privy Seal for Scotland henceforth to be appointed enjoy a higher Salary in respect of such Appointment than the Sum of One thousand two hundred Pounds per Annum*

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Fees at present charged or chargeable for or in respect of Instruments passing the Privy Seal of Scotland, shall continue and be paid and payable for or in respect of such Instruments passing the fame; and all such Fees shall be applied in the first Place in paying and defraying such Salary as the said Lord High Treasurer, or the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, or any Three or more of then, shall think fit to grant to the Deputy Keeper of the said Privy Seal 5 and in the next Place, in the Payment of the said Salary of One thousand two hundred Pounds per Annum hereby authorized to be granted to the Keeper of the Privy Seal; and any Balance which may remain of such Fees shall be paid at the Expiration of every Quarter to the Receiver General of Scotland for the time being, to be by him accounted for with other .Public Monies received by him; and if such Fees shall not be sufficient to pay such Salaries, the same shall and may be defrayed in the same manner as the Salary heretofore granted to the said Keeper of the Great Seal is paid and defrayed.

V. And be it further enacted, That from and after and upon the Termination of the present existing Inte-

rests in the Offices of Keeper of the Signet and Lord Register in Scotland respectively, or upon either of the feme becoming vacant, the Duties of Keeper of the Signet in Scotland shall be discharged by the Lord Register; and it shall not be lawful for His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, to grant to any Person who shall henceforth be appointed to discharge the Duties of Lord Register in Scotland a higher Salary, nor shall any Person who shall he appointed to discharge such Duties enjoy a higher Salary in respect of such Appointment than One thousand two hundred Pounds per Annum; and every Person henceforth to be appointed Lord Register shall discharge the Duties of Keeper of the Signet, as well as of Lord Register, with the Aid of such Assistance from Clerks and other Officers as the said Lord High Treasurer or the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them for the time being, shall think fit to appoint.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Sums at present paid and payable to the Keeper of the Signet for Scotland, and the Fees at present payable for or in respect of Instruments passing the Signet in Scotland\ and also the Fees paid and payable to the Lord Register for Scotland, or in respect of the £>uties at present discharged by any Person or Persons in the Office of the .feifl Lord Register, mall continue to be paid and payable in the same manner as such Fees respectively are now paid and payable; and such Fees shall be applied in the first Place in satisfying and paying such Salaries or Allowances as the said Lord High TYcafujrer or Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, shall think fit to grant and direct to be paid to any Person or Persons whom they may think necessary for the due Discharge of the Business appertaining to the Offices of Lord Register and Keeper of the Signet for Scotland respectively; and in the next Place, in the Payment of the said Salary of One thousand two hundred Pounds per Annum hereby authorized to be granted to the Person holding the said Office of Lord Register; and any Balance of such Fees which shall remain after such Payment shall be paid to the Receiver General of Scotland at least Once in Three Months, or as the said Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them, shall direct, and shall be paid and accounted for by him with the other Public Monies received by him.

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if the present existing Interests in the said Office of Keeper of the Signet shall terminate, or the said Office shall become vacant before the present existing Interests in the said Office of Lord Register shall terminate, or before the said last mentioned Office (halt become vacant, then the Duties of Keeper of the Signet shall be discharged by the present Lord Register for Scotland, and the Duties and Establishment of the said Office of Keeper of the Signet shall thereupon be regulated in the manner directed by this Act; and the said Fees appertaining to the said Office of Keeper of the Signet* or received therein, shall, after paying and defraying the Salaries and Allowances to be granted to the several Persons to be appointed by the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, for the due Discharge of the Business of the Office of Keeper to the Signet, be paid to the Receiver General for Scotland at least Once in every Three Months, and shall be paid and accounted for by him in the feme manner with other Public Monies received and accounted for by him.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if the present existing Interests in the said Office of Lord Register shall terminate, or the said Office shall become vacant before the existing Interests in thp said Office of Keeper of the Signet shall terminate, or before the said last mentioned Office shall become vacant, then the

j 3 Duties

c.

A.D. 181y. 57° GEORGII III. C. 64. 121

Duties and Establishment of the said Office of Lonf Register shall be regulated in the manner directed by become vacant this Act 5 and the Fees at present payable for or in respect of the said Office of Lord Register, or received before that of therein, after paying and defraying the Salaries and Allowances of such Person or Persons as shall be ap- Keeper of the pointed by the said Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, for the Purpose of s, &nct-transacting the Business of the said Office of Lord Register, shall be paid and applied towards Payment of the Salary by this Act allowed to be granted to the Lord Register; and if any Balance of such Fees shall remain after being so applied, the fame shall, at least Once in Three Months, be paid to the Receiver General of Scotland, and shall be paid and accounted for by him in the same manner with other Public Monies received and accounted for by nim.

IX. And be it further enacted, That every Cashier and Receiver General of Excise in Scotland henceforth Offices of Caffi-

to be appointed shall discharge the Duties of the said Office in Person, subject to such Rules and Regulations ier and Receiver as shall be established by the said Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any .E*7

Three or .more of them for the time being for that Purpose, which they are hereby authorized and required to remitted, and direct to be observed for the due Discharge of the Duties of the said Office 5 and no Caftiier or Receiver Ge- Salary limited to neral of Excise henceforth to be appointed shall enjoy or receive, for or in respect of such Appointment, a lpool per higher Salary than One thousand Pounds per Annum; and every such Cashier or Receiver General shall give Annum, such Security for the due Discharge of the Duties of his Office m Person as the said Lord High Treasurer or5*to

Commissioners of the Treasury; or any Three or more of them, shall think (it to order and direct in that gwe umy* Behalf.

X. And be it further enacted, iThat no PeHon henceforth to be appointed to either of the Offices of Knight Knight Marshal

Marshal or Vice Admiral in Scotland shall enjoy or receive any Salary whatever for or in respect of either of awl Vice Adroi-the said Offices. wl to have no

XI. And be it further enacted, That from and after and upon the Termination respectively of the present Certain other lifting Interests in the under mentioned Offices, videlicet, the Office of Auditor of the Exchequer in Scotland, offices regu-the Office of King's Remembrancer in Exchequer in Scotland, the Office of Lord Treasurer'* Remembrance^ lattd.

in Exchequer in Scotland, the Office of Prefemer of Signatures in Exchequer in Scotland, the Office of Keepet of the General Register of Seizins in Scotland, the Office of Clerk to the Admission of Notaries in Scotland, the Office of Director of the Chancery in Scotland, the Office of Clerk of the Chancery in Scotland, and the Office of Clerk of the Coart of Admiralty in Scotland / and so soon as the said Offices or any or either of them respectively shall become vacant, the Duties thereof shall be discharged by the Officer appointed to hold the fame in Person; and from time to time as any of the said respective Offices shall become vacant, it shall be lawful for the said Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Three or more of diem for the time being, and they are hereby authorized and required, to regulate the Duties and EstabhAi-ments of the said Offices respectively as they respectively become vacant, so as that the federal Duties to be discharged therein respectively shall be performed in Person; and thereupon and thereafter such and such Number of fit and proper Persons shall be appointed, or (halt be authorized and directed to be appointed, as may be sufficient and necessary to perform and execute the Duties to be done, performed and executed in the said Offices respectively, as the said Commissioners shall deem fit, with such Salaries or Allowances as shall be StUriesappoint-ordered and appointed by the said Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury in that behalf, <* by Treasury. Regard being had in every such case to the Nature and Extent of the Duties to be performed, and' to the Re-fponfibflity which may attach or belong to the several and respective Offices or Persons executing the Duties of the said Offices respectively % and all such Regulations, Appointments, Salaries and Allowances when so made and established shall become and be in full Force and Effect in relation to the said Offices respectively, any thing contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament, or any Law or Laws, or Usage, Custom or Pftftice to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that any Fees at present charged or chargeable for or in re- Fees continued, spect of any of the said Omces, or received or receivable according to Law in any of the find Offices respectively, shall continue to be received 5 and the same shall be applied in Payment of the Salary or Salaries, Appbutkm Allowance or Allowances, authorized by this Act to be granted or made in each of the find Office* in which thereof, such Fees shall be received; and if any Balance of such Fees shall remain after paying and fotisfyfog such Balance paid to Salaries or Allowances respectively, the same shall be paid at least Once in Three Months to the Receiver R«i*er Gene-General of Scotland, and shall by him be paid and accounted for in the same manner With any Public Monies received and accounted for by him.

XII. And be it further enacted, That from and after and upon the Termination respectively of the efcift- After Tormina-ing Interests in the following Offices; videlicet, the Office of One of the Clerks of the Pipe in Scotland, the j*on of eaiftjug Office of Clerk Assistant to the General Surveyors and Inspectors of Taxes in Scotland, the Office ofv Coirip*

t roller General of the Customs in Scotland, the Office of Receiver of Bishops' Rents in Scotland, the Office* of aWiflied. Inspectors of Wheel Carriages in Scotland, the Office of Gazette Writer in Scotland, and the Office of Inspector General of the Roads In Scotland, without Prejudice nevertheless to the Discharge of the Duties of the In- Provtfo for Du-speftor of Road*, pursuant to an Act naffed in the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, °^nlPe^or intituled An Act for maintaining and keeping in Repair certain Roads and Bridges made in Scotland for the M*5 purfu-Purpose of Military Communication, and for making more elseBuctl Provision for maintaining and repairing^q^ct I0^ Roads 'made and Bridges built in Scotland under the Authority of the Parliamentary Commissioners for Highland Roads and Bridget; and so soon as any of the said Offices shall become vacant, the same shall be and from thenceforth become for ever abolished.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners of His Treasury to or-

Majesty's Treasury, and they are hereby authorized and required, to order and direct in what manner the h<*Biih0p« Bishops' Rents in Scotland, heretofore collected by the said Collector of Bishops' Rents, shall be collected at ke

57 Geo. III. R the

v^»

122 C. 64, 65.

*57° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1817.

Salary, Ire.

Treasury to lay before Parha-mem a comparative Statement of former and new Establishment.

Regulation of any Office existing previous to 6 Ann. c. 7. rot to bringit within the Provisions of that Act.

the least possible Expence with Certainty and Safety after the Abolition of the said Office, and to grant such Salary, or to make such Allowances, as shall be deemed necessary for that Purpose.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them for the time being, shall, within Six Weeks after the Regulation, under the Provisions of this Act, of any Office hereby directed to be regulated, if Parliament shall be then fitting, or if Parliament shall not be then fitting, within Six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, lay before both Houses of Parliament an Account of every new Establishment of any such Office so regulated, with a Statement of the Number of Officers, and Amount of Salaries or Allowances of each respectivety, together with a Statement of the former Establishment of the Office so regulated; and the said Coinmi(Boners of the Treasury shall in like manner within the above mentioned Period lay before Parliament a Statement of every Office that shall be abolished under the Provisions of this Act, shewing the Saving thereby made to the Public.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the Regulation of any Office under the Provisions of this Act, which was an Office existing previous to an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of Her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled An Act for the Security of Her Majesty's Person and Government, and of the Sue-cejfton to the Crown of Great Britain in the Protestaut Line, shall not be held to be a new Office within the Intent and Meaning of that Act of Parliament; but every Person holding any such Office so regulated shall be and remain in the fame Situation with respect to that Act of Parliament, as if the fame had not been regulated under the Provisions of this Act.

CAP. LXV.

An Act to enable His Majesty to recompense the Services of Persons holding, or who have held, certain high and efficient Civil Offices.

[7th July 1817.

WHEREAS the Abolition and Regulation of various Offices will deprive the Crown of Part of the* f W Means by wluch His Majesty has been heretofore enabled to recompense the Services of Persons holding, or who have held, high and efficient Civil Offices: And Whereas it is expedient and necessary, and

confident with found Policy and proper Economy, that upon the Abolition and Regulation of various

Offices of Emolument, other Means mould be afforded to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, of reedm-

penfing the meritorious Services of Persons filling or who have filled high effectice Civil Offices, and making

competent Provision for Persons holding such Offices upon their quitting or being removed from the same : May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this

After the Ex- present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That after the Expiration of Two Years from the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful for His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, by any Warrant Mi'eftren* under His Royal Sign Manual, countersigned by any Three or more of the Commissioners of His Majesty's powered to grant Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for the time being, to grant unto any Person Fenfioosof whp shall have served His Majesty, Hit Heirs or Successors, for any Period not less than Two Years in the 3^>ool. to Per- whole, either uninterruptedly or at different times, in any one or more of the Offices of First Lord of the foot holding cer- Treasuryor of one of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, or Chancellor of the Exchequer, or First imderLhnita- Lord of the Admiralty, a Pension during Life not exceeding Three thousand Pounds per Annum; and at the tions and Re- Expiration of every further progressive Period of Two Years more from the passing of this Ad/to grant in ftri&ioos herein like manner other like Pensions to any other such Persons as aforesaid, until, at the Expiration of Twelve mentioned. Years from the passing of this Act, Six of such Pensions shall have been granted in' the whole; and from and after such Six Pensions of Three Thousand Pounds each shall have been granted to Six such Persons as aforesaid, it shall not be lawful for His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, to grant any further or other Pension in respect of any such Offices as aforesaid: Provided always, that from time to time whenever and as often as any such Pension shall cease, by Death, Forfeiture or Resignation thereof respectively of the Person holding, the fame, it shall be lawful for His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, to grant in like manner other like Pen-

fions tqany other such Persons as aforesaid, under such and the like Circumstances, Limitations, and Restrictions as aforesaid; so nfi that no more or greater Number of such Pensions than are allowed under the Provisions of this Act shall be in force at the same time, and so as that after the Expiration of Twelve Years no greater Number than Six such Pensions shall thereafter he granted or existing at any one and the same time, except as is in this Act excepted. r*II. And Whereas it may be essential to the Good oT His Majesty's Service, and is therefore expedient

( and necessary, that His Majesty should be empowered to grant One other like Pension, not subject to such < Limitations and Restrictions as aforesaid* Be it therefore further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, by any Warrant under His Royal Sign Manual, countersigned by any Three or more of the said Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, to grant, at any time after the Expiration of Two Years from the passing of this Act, One other like Pension of Three thousand

__________ Pounds, to any Person who shall hold or who shall have held any One or more of such Offices as aforesaid,

although Six fill- although the Person to whom such Pension shall be so granted shall not have held any such Office as aforesaid ed up, to be for such Period of Two Years as aforesaid, and although the full Number of Pensions allowed to be granted numer*Pen-" un<^er^Provisions of this Act shall have been then granted and remain in force: Provided always, that every fionpl^be<x!me Pension so granted as aforesaid shall be deemed a supernumerary Pension, and shall, upon the ceasing of One of theregu- the first of any such Pensions as shall then be in force under the Provisions of this Act, become and be and be Ur Number on deemed, considered and counted as One of the Number of Pensions allowed by this Act, as if the fame had the full Ming in beeQ

His Majesty empowered to grant one other like Pension, not subject to the fod Limitations,

23

A.D. 1817. 57° GEORGII III. C. 65.

been granted at the Expiration of any Period, also wed by this Act, ' or upon the ceasing of any One of the Number of Pensions allowed by this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That after the Expiration of Four Years from the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful lor His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, by any Warrant under the Royal Sign Manual,

Countersigned by any Three or more of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, to grant to any Person who shall have served His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, for any Period not less than Five Years in the whole, .either uninterruptedly or at different times, in either or both of the Offices of Chief Secretary for Ireland, or Secretary at War, a Pension during Life not exceeding Two thousand Pounds per Annum; and at and upon the Expiration of every further progressive Period of Four Years more from the passing of this Act, to grant in like manner other like Pensions to any other such Persons as aforesaid, until, at the Expiration of Twelve Years from the passing of this Act, Three of such Pensions shall have been granted in the whole; and from and after such Three Pensions of Two thousand Pounds each shall have been granted to Three such Persons as aforesaid, it shall not be lawful for His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, to grant any further or other such Pension in respect of any of such Offices as aforesaid: Provided always, that from time to time, when and as often as any such Pension shall cease, by Death, Forfeiture or Resignation thereof respectively of the Person holding the fame, it shall be lawful for His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, to grant in like manner other like renfions to any other such Persons as aforesaid, under such and the like Circumstances, Limitations and Restrictions as aforesaid; so afe that no more or greater Number of such Pensions than are allowed under the Provisions of this Act shall be in force at the same time, and so as that after the Expiration of Twelve Years no greater Number than Three such Pensions shall thereafter be granted or existing at one and the same time.

IV. And be it further enacted, That after the Expiration of Two Years from the passing of this Act, it After the Ex-

shall be lawful for His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, by any Warrant under the Royal Sign Manual, piration of cer-counterfiened by any Three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, to grant to any Periods, Hu

Person who shall have served His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, for any Period not left than Five Years, "Jecre5 nt

iu any one or more of the Offices of One of the Joint Secretaries of the Treasury, or First Secretary of the Pensions of

Admiralty, a Pension during Life not exceeding One thousand five hundred Pounds per Annum; and at the 1, 5001. to certain Expiration of every further progressive Period >0? Two Years more from the passing of this Act, to grant in olhe, r Persons like manner another like Pension to any other such Person as aforesaid, until, at the Expiration of Twelve qI

Years from the passing of this Act, Six of such last mentioned Pensions shall have been granted in the whole; i/, mtatbnsand and from and after such Six Pensions of One thousand five hundred Pounds each shall nave been granted to Restrictions Six such Persons as aforesaid, it shall not be lawful for His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, to grant any herein men-further or other Pension in respect of any such last mentioned Offices as aforesaid: Provided always, that from tioneJ-

time to time, when and as often as any such Pension shall cease, by Death, Forfeiture or Resignation thereof respectively of the Person holding the fame, it shall be lawful for His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, to grant in like manner other like renfions to any other such Persons as aforesaid, under such and the like Circumstances. Limitations and Restrictions as aforesaid; so as that no more or greater Numbers of such Pensions than are allowed under the Provisions of this Act shall be in force at the same time, and so as that after the Expiration of Twelve Years no greater Number than Six such Pensions shall thereafter be granted or existing at any one and the feme Period of time.

V. And Whereas, in consequence of the Provisions contained in an Act made in the last Session of Par- Duties of Chan-< liament, intituled An Act to unite and consolidate into one Fund all the Fublie Revenues of Great Britain cellor of the Ex.

and Ireland, and to provide for the Application thereof to the General Service of the United Kingdom, the Duties of the Chancellor of the Exchequer of Irelandi from and after the Fifth Day of January last, have

become such as not to require that the Services of any Person who may hereafter fill the said Office shoukl S3- c*y

be recompensed in respect thereof in the same manner as heretofore; hut it may happen that some Per- tf

son or Persons, having filled the said Office for some Period left than Five Years before the said Fifth ' Day of January, may be appointed to some other high and efficient Office, in respect whereof a Pension

f is granted by this Act; Be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, His Heirs and Sue- His Majesty may cessors, under the Regulations of this Act, to grant to any Person who shall have filled the Office of Chan- g*111*Pension cellor of the Exchequer of Ireland for any Period previous to the said Fifth Day of January, and who shall 5° any £erson fierve His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, in any other Office, in respect whereof His Majesty is by this ChMcelloTof Ad enabled to grant any Pension left than Three thousand Pounds, and who shall have served and shall serve the Exchequer of in the said Office of Chancellor of the Exchequer of Ireland, and also in any one or more of thfe said other Ireland, and af-Offices, not left than Five Years in the whole, reckoning the Period during which such Person shall have terwardr holding filled the Office of Chancellor of the Exchequer of Ireland as Part of the said Five Years, a Pension to the officer herein like Amount, and in like manner and under the like Regulations in all respects, as His Majesty, His Heir6 mentioned, and Successors, are by this Act euabled' to grant to any Person having served not left than Five Years in one or more of such other Offices respectively.

VI. And be it further enacted, That after the Expiration of Two Years from the passing of this Act, it shall Act«r the El-be lawful for His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, by any Warrant under the Royal Sign Manual, countersigned by an v Three or more of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, to grant to any Person Majestyerol*who shall have served His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, for any Period not ftfs than Ten Years in any One powered to grant or more of the Offices of the Under Secretaries of State, or Clerk of the Ordnance, or Second Secretary to Penfumiof the Admiralty, a Pension during Life not exceeding One thousand Pounds per Annum; and at the Expiration ooooL to certain of every further progressive Period of Tv^o Years more from the passing of this Act, to grant in like manner J^d^n^8 another like Pension to any other such Person as aforesaid, until the Expiration of Twelve Years from the passing under of this Act, Six of such last mentioned Pensions shall have been granted in the whole; and from and after such 1


After the Expiration of certain Periods, His Majesty alkmed to grant Pennons of x, ooool to certain other Persons holding Civil Officet^under Limitations and Restrictions herein mentioned.

124

I/'initations and Restrictions as her«wi mentioned.

When Person* have Curved Bigfir Years in sevenri Classes of certain Offices, the Pen? fion attached to the highest Class of such Offices may be granted on Three Years* Service in the highest Office. Regulations as to Pen6on« made to Person9 holding Offices, as to the taking Effefl, Sul pension and Abatement of such Pensions.

Interest of Persons in Office to cease with re-lpe& to such Office on obtaining Pensions.

Persons holding Pensions heretofore granted (Exception) on obtaining Pensions under this Act, torelin-quish fcch prcvi-< ous PenGons, and the same to go to Confoii-dated Fund.

Order of Treasury in respect thereof valid.

Pensions under this Act payable Quarterly put of the Consolidated Fund, free from Taxes.

The Treasury may by Warrant

J.65. 57° GEORGII III. A.D. 1817.

Six Pensions of One |hoafaod Pounds each shall have been granted to Six such Persons as aforesaid, it shall not be lawful for His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, to grant any further or other Pension in respect of any such last mentioned Offices os aforesaid: Provided always, that from time to time and as often as any such Pension shall Cease, by Death, Forfeiture, or Resignation thereof respectively of the Person holding the fame, k fhaR be lawful for His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, to grant in like manner other like Pensions to any other such Person as aforesaid, under such and the like Circumstances, Limitations and Restrictions as aforesaid; so as that no more or greater Number of Pensions than are allowed under the Provisions of this A A shall be m-force at the same time, and so as that after the Expiration of Twelve Years no greater Number than &x such Pensions shall thereafter be granted or existing at any one and the same Period of time.

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case it shall happen that any Person shall have served His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, in more than One of the Classes of Offices specified in this Act, in respect whereof His Majesty is by this A A enabled to grant any Pension less than Three thousand Pounds, it fcaH be lawful for His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, to grant under the Regulations of this Act to such Person any Pension not exceeding such Pension as is annexed to the highest Class of Office in which such Person may have been employed, whenever the whole Period of the Service of such Person in the several Offices in which he shall have been employed shall amount to Eight Years, although the Period of the Service of such Person in such highest Class shall not have extended to the Period of Five Years; provided always, that such Person shall have served in such highest Ctafe for a Period of not less than Three Years.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That every Grant of any Pension under this Act, if made to any Person actually holding at the Period of such Grant any Office entitling him to the fame, shall not take effect during the time of the Person to whom such Pension shall be granted continuing to hold such Office; and that every Grant of any Pension made under this Act shall also contain a Provision and Limitation for the Suspension of such Pension during the Period of the Person to whom the fame is granted holding any Office, Place or Employment under His Majesty, the S&laty or Profits whereof shall be not less than double the Amount of such Pension, and shall also contain a Provision and Limitation for the Abatement of One Half of the Pension granted, during the time any Person having any such Pension shall continue to hold .any Place, Office or Employment under His Majesty of equal or greater Amount in Salary, Profit or Emolument than* the Amount of such Pension; and no Grant of any such Pension shall be valid unless such Grant shall contain such Provisions and Limitations as aforesaid.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any Pension shall be granted under the Provisions of this A A to any Person holding any Office, Place or Employment, or any Offices, Places or Employments, for the Abolition or Regulation of which any Provision shall have been made by any Act or Acts of Parliament which, shall have been passed in the present Session of Parliament, or which shall have been included and returned in the Lift made out and certified under the Provisions of this Act 5 then and in every such case all the Interest: of such Person in such Office or Offices, Place or Places, Employment or Employments, shall, upon and from the time of the Receipt of any Payment to such Person in respect of such Pension, wholly cease and determine; and every such Office, Place or Employment, which shall by the ceasing of such Interest become-vacant, shall thereupon be abolished or regulated according ta the Provisions contained in relation thereto in-any such Act or Acts of Parliament as aforesaid of this present Session of Parliament.

X. And be it further enacted, That all the Right, Title, Claim and Interest of any Person to whonv any Pension shall be granted under the Provisions of this Act, in every other Pension which may be held by such Person (other than and except such Pension or Pensions as are or may be charged by any Act or AAt-of Parliament upon the Consolidated Fund) shall, upon and from the Commencement of any Pension granted under the Provisions of this Act, wholly cease and determine; and the Amount of every such Pension shall, from and after such Determination thereof, and during the Period of the Interest of such Person in such

1 Pension, go to and make Part of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; and the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or any Three or more of them for the time being, shall and they are hereby required in every such case to order and direct the retaining in or paying into the Receipt of the Exchequer, to the Credit ot and as Part of the said Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom, the Amount of every such Pension during the Period of the Interest of such Person therein, and so long as such Person would have been entitled to hold, take and receive the same under any Letters Patent, Warrant, Instrument or Grant by which such Person held or received such Pension; and all such Orders and Directions so made by the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury shall be valid and effectual, and be carried into Execution by all Persons concerned in the issuing or paying any such Pensions; any thing contained in any A A or A Act of Parliament, or Letters Patent, Warrant, Instrument or Grant, or Law or Custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XI. And be it further enacted, That every Pension granted under this Act shall be issued and payable out of and charged and chargeable upon the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland\ next in Order of Payment to and after paying or referring sufficient to pay all such Sums of Money as have been directed to be paid by any former Act or Acts, but with Preference to all other Payments hereafter to be charged thereon as aforesaid; and the same shall from time to time be paid and payable quarterly, free and clear of all Taxes and DeduAion9 whatsoever, at the four usual Days of Payment in the Year; (that is to say) the Fifth Day of January, the Fifth Day of Afril, the fifth Day of July, and the Tenth Day of October, in each and every Year, by even and eaual Portions.

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of the Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for the time being, or any Three or

13 more

A.D. 1817. 57° GEORGII III. C. 65, 66. 125

more of them, and they are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under their Hand*, to direct De- aired the Of-bentures to be made forth and passed by the proper Officers at the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer from ficers of the Extime to time, for paying the said feveraUPensions or Sums of Money in manner as aforesaid, and as the fame cl»equer to pass shall from time to time become due and payable, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, with- of the

out any Fees or Charges to be demanded or taken for paying the fame or any Part thereof; which said War- pJ^Js, with* rants and Debentures to be made forth and passed thereupon respectively, shall be sufficient Authority to the out Fees, several and respective Officers of the Receipt of the Exchequer, now and for the time being, for the Payment of all such Petition? or Sums of Money at the respective Days in this Act before appointed for such Payments, without any further or other Warrants to be sued for, had or obtained in that behalf,

XIII. And be it further enacted, That after the figoing of any such Warrants or Debentures respectively, Warrants not

the fame shall be good, valid and effectual in Law, according to the Purport and true Meaning thereof and determinable on of this Act, and shall not be determinable or revocable by or upon the Demise of His Majesty (whom God the Death of Hit long preserve) or any of his Heirs or Successors, or by or upon the Death or Removal of any of the said &c-

Commissioners of the Treasury or the Lord High Treasurer, or by or upon the Determination or the Power,

Office or Offices of them or any of them,

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners of the Treasury and Lord High Treasurer, The Treasury Chancellor and Under Treasurer, Chamberlains and Barons of the Exchequer, and all other the Officers and and Exchequer Ministers of the Court of Exchequer, and of the Receipt thereof, now and for the time being, shall and they to do without # are hereby authorized and strictly enjoined and required to do, without Fee or Reward, all such Acts, mat- directed ten and things as are hereinbefore directed and required, or shall be necessary to be done and performed by ercm* them or any or either of them, in order to render this Act and the several Payments hereby directed

effectual.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the Acquittance or Acquittances, Receipt or Receipts of the Per- The Receipts of son or Persons to whom any such Pensions shall have beta granted as aforesaid, shall be good and sufficient the Penfiooers Discharges for the Payment of the said Pensions respectively before mentioned, without any further or other to be sufficient Warrant to be sued for or obtained in that behalf; and that the said several Pensions, and every Part thereof, p^g^ax shall be clear and free from all Taxes, Impositions and other Charges whatsoever; and in case any of the

Officers of the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer shall refuse or neglect to pay any such Pension, or any officers of the Part thereof, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, or to do any Act necessary to enable Exchequer re-any Person to whom any such Pension shall have been granted as aforesaid to receive the same, then any fuchfufingt0 P*y»&c* Person as aforesaid may from time to time sue, prosecute and implead such Officers or any of them, their Heirs, Executors or Administrators, by Bill, Plaint or Action of Debt, and shall and may recover Judgment, and sue out Execution thereupon against such Officers respectively, their respective Heirs, Executors or Administrators, for so much of any such Pension respectively, then due and owing, or any Part thereof, as shall be in the Hands of the Officer or Officers of the Receipt of the Exchequer, at the time or times when such Demand shall have been legally made for Payment of any such Pensions, or any Part thereof as aforesaid, or for the Refusal or Neglect to do any Act necessary to be done by any such Officer or Officers respectively.

XVI. And Whereas it is expedient that Accounts should be from time to time laid before Parliament of the various Offices which may be abolished or regulated by or under or in pursuance of any of the Provi-

fions of any Act or Acts of Parliament which may be passed in the present Session of Parliament Be it CertiBed Lilts of therefore enacted, That within One Month after the Expiration of the present Session of Parliament, a List all Offices abo-shall be made out and certified by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of or re£u* Great Britain and Ireland, or any Three or more of them for the time being, and returned to and entered in Jf

the Exchequer, of all Offices and Places which have been abolished, or for the Abolition or Regulation of session to be re-which any Provision shall have been made by any Act or Acts of Parliament which shall have been passed in turned to the the present Session of Parliament; and the Lord High Treasurer of the United Kingdom, or Commissioners Exchequer, and of His Majesty, 8 Treasury of the United Kingdom, or some Three or more of them for the time being, shall , A55?unj2 t0Jl* within Six Weeks after the next Session of Parliament cause Accounts to be laid before both Houses of Par- J^fore ParKa^7 liament of every Office contained in such Lift, together with every Office dependent upon any Office con- ment at che tained in such Lift, which shall have been abolished or become vacant, and been regulated under or in pursuance Commencement of the Provisions of aoy Act or Acts of this present Session of Parliament since the passing thereof re- of every Session, spectively; and shall also from time to time cause like. Returns to be made to both Houses of Parliament Offices within Six Weeks after the Meeting of every subsequent Session of Parliament, until all the Offices contained*lated in such Lift, and all Offices dependent upon any such Offices, shall have been abolished or regulated in manner paf&ng of such directed by the said Acts of Parliament. Acts.

CAP. LXVI.

An Act. to amend an Act of the Twenty second Year of His present Majesty, for suppressing or regulating certain Offices therein mentioned, so far as relates to the Board of Trade; and for enabling the Vice President of the Board of Trade to send and receive Letters and Packets free from the Duty of Postag?.

[7th July 1817.]

WHEREAS an Act passed in the Twenty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled % % G. 3. c. 8*.

An Act for enabling His Majesty to difebdrge the Debt contraQed upon His Civil List Revenues, and for preventing the fame from being in Arrear for the futurer by regulating the Modi of Payments out of the said Revenues, and by suppressfing or regulating certain Offices therein mentioned which are now paid out of the Revenues of the Civil Lip t And Whereas it is expedient to make Provision for enabling fiis Majesty

126 C. 66.

57° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1817.

Salary of 2, ooool. ro the Vice President of the Board of Trade.

Not to be considered a new Office.

46 G. 3. c. 61.

1.

Vice President to receive and lend Letters and Packets free of

Poltige.

' jesty to grant a competent Salary to the Person holding the Office of Vice President of the Committee of ' Council appointed lor the Consideration of matters relating to Trade and Foreign Plantations, in confi-< deration of the Duties and Responsibility attached to the said Office* Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, by any Order or Warrant under His Royal Sign Manual, countersigned by the Lord High Treasurer, or by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treauiry of the United kingdom of Great Britain and 1reload, or any Three or more of them for the time being, to order and direct that the Vice President of the Committee of Council, appointed for the Consideradon of matters relating to Trade and Foreign Plantations, for the time being, shall have a Salary not exceeding Two thousand Pounds, to be paid and payable out of the Fee Fund of the Council Office; and such Office shall not, by reason of such Salary being annexed thereto, be deemed a new Office: Provided always, that no such Order or Warrant, or Receipt of Salary under the fame by the Person holding such* Office at the time of passing this Act, shall make void the Election of any such Person, nor shall any new Writ issue for a new Election in consequence of any such Order or Warrant, or Receipt of Salary under the fame; any thing iu any Act or Acts to the contrary notwith flan ding.

II. And Whereas by an Act passed in the Forty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to authorize certain Public Officers to send and receive Letters and Packets by the Post free from the

Duty of Postage, certain Public Officers therein named were authorized to send and receive Letters by the roll free from the Duty of Postage in the United Kingdom, in the manner and under the Restrictions ' therein mentioned: And Whereas it is expedient that the Vice President of the Committee of Council appointed for the Consideration of matters relating to Trade and Foreign Plantations should in like manner

send and receive Letters and Packets by the Poll free from Postage; Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act it shall be lawful for the Vice President of the Committee of Council, appointed for the Consideration of matters relating to Trade and Foreign Plantations, for the time being, to send and receive Letters and Packets by the Poll free from the Duty of Postage within the United Kingdom, in the same manner and under such Restrictions as the several Public Officers specified in the said recited Act are authorized by the Laws now in force to send and receive Letters and Packets free from Postage.

14 G. 3. c. 92.

Office of Warden of the Mint abolished after Termination of existing Incereft. Djties to be performed by the Master and Worker of the Mint without any additional Salary, fee.

After Termination of existing Interest*, Office of Comptroller

CAP. LXVII.

An Act to regulate certain Offices) and abolish others, in His Majesty's Mints in England and Scotland respectively.

[7th July 1817.]

WHEREAS the Duties of the Office of Warden of His Majesty's Mint in England have been hereto- V\ fore usually executed by Deputy; and several of the said Duties have, under an Order of Hw

Royal Highness the Prince Regent in Council, and certain Indentures of the Mint made in pursuance thereof, been transferred to the Master and other Officers of the Mint: And Whereas an Act passed in the Fourteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for regulating and ascertaining the Weights to be made use of in Weighing the Gold and Silver Coin of this Kingdom: And Whereas the Duties

required by the said Act to be performed by the said Warden may be executed by the Master of the Mint* or his Deputy; and it is therefore expedient that the said Office of Warden should, upon the Termination of the present existing Interest therein, be abolished: ' May it therefore please Your Majesty, that it may be enacted, and be enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Office of Warden of His Majesty's Mint in England shall, upon the Termination of the present existing Interest therein, be wholly abolished; and that from and after the passing of this Act, all the Duties required to be performed by the said Warden, under or by virtue of the said recited Act of the Fourteenth Year of His present Majesty's , Reign, shall be performed by His Majesty's Master and Worker of the said Mint, or his Deputy 5 and for that Purpose all the Powers and Authorities belonging or appertaining to the said Office of Warden of the Mint, whether such Powers and Authorities, or any of them, are required to be executed and performed by the said Warden alone, or by the said Warden in conjunction ^vith the said Master, or with any other Person or Persons whomsoever, shall immediately from and after the passing of this Act become and be and remain veiled in His Majesty's Master and Worker of the said Mint for the time being, without any special or other Appointment for that Purpose, or in that behalf j and every such Master and Worker for the time being, or his Deputy, shall and he is hereby authorized, empowered and required to perform all such Duties, and for that Purpose to use and exercise all such Powers and Authorities, and to do and perform all such Acts, matters and things as may be necessary in that behalf, as the said Warden might have done either in conjunction with or separately from the said Master or any other Person or Persons: Provided that such Master and Worker, or his Deputy, shall not be entitled to, nor shall have, take or receive any additional Salary, Fee or Emolument whatever, for executing the Duties of the said Warden, or any other than such as the said Master and Worker and his Deputy is and are entitled unto by virtue of their said Offices of Master and Worker, or Deputy Master and Worker respectively.

II. And Whereas it is expedient, that, after the Termination of the existing Interest in the Office of

Comptroller of the Mint in England, the Duties thereof should be executed in Person and not by Deputy Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the Termination of the present existing Interest, in the said Office of Comptroller of His Majesty's Mint in England, and when the said Office shall become vacant by the Termination of such existing Interest, the Duties of the said Office shall be performed in Person by the

*12 Office

57° GEORGII III. C. 67, 68. 127

Officer to be appointed to such Office of Comptroller; and it shall not be lawful for any such Comptroller of the Mint to appoint any Deputy or other Person to execute the Duties of the said Office 5 and that from and after the hereafter to be wading of this Act the said Office of Comptroller shall not be granted to any Person or Persons whom- xecu*in ibever, with Power to execute the fame by Deputy; any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary in any wise not y

notwithstanding.

III. And Whereas it was enacted by the said recited Act of the Fourteenth Year of His present 14 Q. 3*0.90.

Majesty's Reign, that Duplicates or Copies of the Standard Weights of the Gold and Silver Coin of the i

Realm should be lodged in the Custody of an Officer to.be appointed by His Majesty, with a Salary not exceeding the yearly Sum of Two hundred and fifty Pounds, to be paid out of the Monies arising by the Coinage Duties, and that all Weights to be made use of for weighing the said Gold and Silver Coin should be damped by the said Officer: And Whereas by an Act made in the Fifteenth Year of His present 15 G. 3.0.30.

Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for allowing the use of in weighing the Gold and Silver Coin of this

4 of Parliament^ to tale certain Fees in the Execution of his Office,

such Officer to a(k, demand and receive any Sum of Money not exceeding One Penny for every Twelve ' Weights so stamped: And Whereas it is expedient, that upon the Termination of the present existing Interest in the said Office, the said Salary of Two hundred and Fifty Pounds a Year should be abolished; Be it After Tennina-therefore enacted, That from and after and upon the Termination of the present existing Interest in the said Office, Jion ex, ftiDI no Salary whatever shall be granted or paid or payable to the said Officer under or by virtue of the said to*St*mp-recited Act of the Fourteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, nor any Salary, Fee or Emolument er of Weights, whatsoever, other than and except such Fees and Sums of Moneyas the said Officer is authorized to aflc, but to take only demand, and receive under and by virtue of the said recited Act of the Fifteenth Year of His present Fees allowed Majesty's Reign; any thing in the said recited Act of the Fourteenth Year aforesaid of the Reign of His und" present Majesty to the contrary notwithstanding. 15 '3*c*3°'

IV. And Whereas it is expedient that the Office of Governor of the Mint in Scotland should, upon the Office of GoTermination of the present existing Interest therein, be held by the Matter of the Mint in England for the vernor of the

time being 5 and that the other Offices of the Mint in Scotland should, upon the Termination of the respective S<2.t*

present existing Interests therein, be held by the Officers discharging Duties corresponding to the Duties of er-

these Offices in England; and that the Buildings of the Mint in Scotland should be sold; Be it further existing Interest, enacted, That from and after the termination of the present eliding Interest in the Office of the Governor of to be held by the Mint in Scotland\ the said Office shall vest in and thenceforth and for ever thereafter be held by the Matter Matter Mint and Worker of the Mint in England for the time being, without any special Appointment for that Purpose or" V»and

in ftiat behalf, and without any Salary, Fee or Emolument in respect thereof; and all the other Offices in the offices

Mint in Scotland shall, from and after the respective Terminations of the present existing Interests therein re- cf Mint in Scot-spectively, be held by the Officers respectively discharging in England Duties corresponding to the Duties of land, after eiift-such Offices, without any additional Salary, Fee or Emolument in respect thereof; any thing contained in any "8 Interests,

Act or A6l« of Parliament, or Law or Laws, or Custom or Indenture relating to the Mint of Scotland\ to the abollft*d* contrary notwithstandingv

V. And be it further enacted, That upon the Termination of the whole of the existing Interests of Treasury to di-such of the said Officers as are entitled to Apartments in the said Buildings, of upon their relinquishing their Rights thereto, it shall be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and J^be^old?*Ireland, or the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of the said United Kingdom, or any Three or more of them, and they are hereby authorized and required, as soon as conveniently may be after such Termination or Relinquishment, to order and direct the Buildings appropriated to the Mint in Scotland to be sold; and the Proceeds, after deducting the Charges attending the Sale or Sales, to be paid to the Receiver General in Scotland; and the fame when so paid shall be accounted for by him in the same manner with any Public Monies received by him.

CAP. LXVIII.

An Act to amend the Laws relating to Sheriffs in Ireland.

[7th July 1817.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the Laws relating to Sheriffs in Ireland should be amended, as w4ll

for the Relief of such Sheriffs as to enforce a more regular Discharge of their Duty Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, Sheriff! may That from and after the Commencement of this Act it shall and may be lawful to and for every Sheriff in Ire- make R-htnd to account and make like Return for, upon and in respect of any Writ or Process issued against the Per- tur?

son's Lands and Goods, or any of them, of any former Sheriff, as if such Writ or Process had issued against sheriffs ts"* any other Person whatsoever; any Law, Usage, Construction or Intendment to the contrary in anywise against any other notwithstanding. Persons.

[Double Costs.]

II. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Sheriff or any Person or Persons who shall have been In Actions by a Sheriff or Joint Sheriff in Ireland, shall obtain Judgment in any Action against any Person who shall then Sheriffs against be Or shall have been his or their Under Sheriff, or against the Surety or Sureties or any of the Sureties of such Fnd/r Rheri*j?* Under Sheriff such Surety or Sureties having become such after the Commencement of this Act, for or by 0fiw/* reason or in respect of any Breach of the Duty of such Office, or for or by reason or in respect of any Mal-feazance, Misfeazance, Nonfeazance or Neglect therein, then and in every such case the Plaintiff in every such Action shall be entitled to Double Costa of Suit, to be included in such Judgment, and such Plaintiff shall for

that

128

[Proviso.]

Actions against Sheriff for Mif-eon<Ju& may be brObghc against.Under Sheriff.

Sheriffs paying Money into Exchequer before the time required by Law shall be allowed Discount thereon.

After Attachment for not accounting, Sheriff shall pay Interest for all Money remaining unpaid by him. After Attachment for Non Payment, Sheriff to pay Double Interest.

Irish Act,

36 G.3.

/continued.

Bounties on the Exportation of Fish, See. under Acts in force in Ireland to be paid under the established Regulations.

19 6.3.1c. 44-

53O.3-c.j60.

6G.i.<E)m-

pcalerf, and the

C. 68, 69, 70. 57° GEORGII III. A.D. 1817.

that Purpose be entitled, under the Direction of the Court in which such Action shall be brought, to suggest oa the Record that such Action was brought for such Cause, if the same shall not sufficiently appear on the Pleadings.

III. And be it further enacted, That in all cases in which by Law any Action or Actions might be maintained against any Sheriff for any Neglect or Misconduct in Office, it shall and may be lawful for the Person or Persons to whom such Action or Actions shall accrue, to bring such Action or Actions against the Under Sheriff, in lieu and in stead of the High Sheriff, if such Person or Persons shall think proper lo to do, unless it shall appear that the Cause of Action arose from feme immediate Act or Default of the High Sheriff alone, and not at all from any Act or Default of the Under Sheriff.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Sheriff, or any Person wHo shall have been Sheriff in Ireland* to pay or cause to be paid into His Majesty's Exchequer of Ireland, at any time before such Sheriff shall by Law be bound or required so to do, any Sum or Sums of Money which he shall think proper, on account of any Revenue which it shall belong to him or be his Duty to collect, receive or account for; and such Sheriff in such case shall be entitled to have and obtain an Acquittance from the proper Officer for such Sum or Sums so paid, and shall be entitled to Credit for the fame, and for Interest by way of Discount, out of the Sum so paid, at the Rate of Six Pounds per Centum per Annum from the time of such Payment until the time when, by or under any Act of Parliament, or by the Course of the Court of Exchequer, such Sheriff ought to pay in the same.

V. And be it farther enacted, That from and after the time when any Attachment shall be sealed in the Court of Exchequer in Ireland* against any Sheriff or Person who (halt have been Sheriff, for not accounting, such Sheriff shall be chargeable and charged with and shall pay legal Interest on all and every Sum and Sums of Public Money with which he shall be chargeable* so long as such Sum or Sums shall remain unpaid; and that from and after the time when any Attachment shall be actually sealed in the Court of Exchequer in Ireland* against any Sheriff or Person who shall have been Sheriff, for the Non Payment of any Sum of Public Money, such Sheriff shall be chargeable and charged with and shall pay double the ordinary legal Interest on such Sum until the Payment of such Sum; and the Payment of all such Interest and double Interest shall be ftfbrced in the same manner as the Payment of the Principal Sum in respect whereof such Interest or double Interest shall be payable as aforesaid.

CAP. LXIX.

An Act to continue until die Twenty ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and eighteen* and to amend an Act passed in Ireland, in the Thirty sixth Year of His present Maje^y, for the Improvement and Extension of the Fisheries on the Coasts of Ireland.

[7th July 1817.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirty sixth Year of the Reign of (, W His present Majesty, intituled An Act for continuing and amending the federal Acts for the further r Improvement and J&xttnsion of the Fisheries on the Coasts of this Kingdom; which said recited Act has by 1 several subsequent Acts been continued, and is in force until and upon the Twenty ninth Day of September

One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, and it is expedient that the said recited Act should be further continued; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Act shall be and the fame is hereby further continued and shall be in force in Ireland from the said Twenty ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, until and upon, the Twenty ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and eighteen.

II. And be it declared and eBafted, That all Bounties and Allowances payable under any Act or Acts in force in Ireland upon the Exportation of any Fish caught on the Coasts of Ireland* or in respect of the Duty on the Salt used in the curing of Fish caught on the said Coasts, shall be payable and paid and allowable and allowed in respect of all such Fish which, having been caught on the said Coasts, shall be salted and cured either at Sea or in Warehouses on Shore, under the Inspection of the Officers of the Customs there, under such Rules and Regulations as are required by any Act or Acts in force in Ireland* or as may be made from time to time by the Osmmissioners of Customs and Port Duties in Ireland* for the Prevention of Fraud in the claiming of such Bounties and Drawbacks,

CAP. LXX.

An Act to relieve Persons impugning the DoArine of the Holy Trmity from certain Penalties, in Ireland.

[7th July 1817.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, by the

Parliament of Great Britain* intituled An Act for the further Relief of Protestant Dissenting Ministers

and Schoolmasters* and the Provisions of the said Act have not been enacted or made Law in Ireland: And 1 Whereas it has been and may be reasonably doubted, whether the Provisions of an Act passed in the Fifty

third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty by the Parliament of the United Kingdom, intituled An Act to relieve Persons who impugn the DoSrine of the Holy Trinity from certain Penalties* do extend to or t were intended to affect Ireland; and it is meet and proper that equal Freedom of Religious Worship should be secured by Law to every Part of the United Kingdom May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted 5 and be it enacted by The Bang's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That such of the Provisions of an Act passed by the Parliament of Ireland* in the Sixth

Year

A.D. 1817. 57° GEORGII III. C. 70, 71.

Year of His late Majesty King George the First, intituled AnAd for exempting the Protestant Dissenterscf this Kingdom from certain Penalties to which they are now subject, as purport to affect by Penalties or Disqualifications any Person who by his preaching or writing shall deny the Doctrine of the Blessed Trinity, be and the same are hereby absolutely annulled, repealed and made void 5 and that all and every of the Provisions contained in each of the Two before mentioned Acts of the Nineteenth and Fifty third Years of His Majesty shall be henceforth deemed and taken to be of full Force and Effect in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, in like manner as if the fame and every Part of each of the said Acts had been hereby and iu Terms fully set forth and re-enacted.

CAP. LXXI.

An Act to amend an Act of the Fiftieth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for repealing the several Laws relating to Prisons in Ireland, and for re-enacting such of the Provisions thereof as have been found useful, with Amendments.

[7th July 1817.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that an Act made in the Fiftieth Year of His present Majesty's Reign,

intituled An Act for repeating the several Laws relating to Prisons in Ireland, and for reenacting such of She Provisions thereof as have been found ufefuU with Amendments, should be amended in manner herein-

after provided for Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and ?fter the passing of this Act it shall and may be lawful for the Grand Jury of any County, County of a City, or County of a Town in Ireland, to rent or purchase any Lands or Hereditaments, or any Rights, Easements or Advantages in, through or over any Lands or Hereditaments which may be required for the constructing, building, repairing, cleansing, emptying and keeping in Repair of any Sewer or Sewers, or Drain or Drains, belonging to any Gaol or Prison, or which shall by such Grand Jury be deemed necessary for the keeping any such Gaol or Prison free from Filth or Nuisance of any Kind, although such Lands or Hereditaments shall not be included in the Site of such Gaol or Prison, and to direct that all Lands or Hereditaments so rented or purchased, and all Rights, Easements and Advantages therein, shall be conveyed to such Commissioners as such Grand Jury shall have appointed or shall appoint according to the Directions of the said recited Act, and to their Heirs, Executors, Administrators and Assigns, in trust and for the Uses and Purposes aforesaid, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as such Grand Jury might do with respect to any Lands or Hereditaments necessary for the Site of any Gaol or Prison, and with all such Powers and under such Regulations as are mentioned and expressed in the said recited Act with respect to any Lands or Hereditaments necessary for the Site of any Gaol or Prison, and as if all such Powers and Regulations, and all Clauses in the said recited Act relating to the fame, were repeated and reenacted in this Act.

II. And Whereas in some Instances the building, enlarging or repairing of Gaols of Prisons for some ' Counties and Counties of Cities and Counties of Towns ip Ireland, has been begun according to the Provisions of some Act or Acts specially relating thereto passed before the passing or the said recited Act of the

Fiftieth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, and the said Works are in some Instances not yet completed

by reason of the restrided Powers of Grand Juries in such cases, and of the Want of Authority under such Acts in the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor of Ireland to advance the Sumo necessary for the

Completion thereof, upon Presentments of the fame by Grand Juries, to be repaid by Instalments; by reason whereof the said Works have proceeded (lowly, to the great Inconvenience of the Public, and are likely to be attended with greater Expense in the End than if the whole Sum necessary for the Completion thereof were to be advanced in the first Instance Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act it shall and may be lawful for the Grand Jury of every such County, County of a City, or County of a Town so circumstanced, in all cases in which they shall think the fame expedient, at any Afuzes after the passing of this Act, to present the whole Sum necessary tobe expended in completing and finishing the building, enlarging and repairing of such Gaol or Prison, over and above such Sum or Sums as may at the time of

1 making such Presentment be in the Hands of any Body or Person or Persons under the Provisions of any such special Act or Acts, and remaining unexpended; and to direct, in and by such Presentment, that such Stun io to be presented shall be raised on the County, County of a City or County of a Town, by such Half Yearly or Yearly Sums or Instalments, and in such manner and at such times, as shall be specified in such Presentment, and such Sums shall be so raised accordingly; and it shall be lawful for any subsequent Grand Jury at any Afliaes to present that any of the said JnftSments shall be increased to any Sum which shall be found necessary or proper; and after such Presentment for such Sum so deemed necessary for completing and finishing the building, enlarging and repairing of such Gaol or Prison, shall be made, it shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being to cause to be advanced at the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer in Ireland, to the Treasurer of such County, County of a City or County of a Town, on the Faith of such Presentment, the whole of the Sum so presented, or so much thereof as shall not have been raised or received at the time of such Advance, or any Part, Share or Proportion thereof 5 and such Sum or Sums shall be applied by such Treasurer to the Purposes of such Presentment, and shall be repaid by such Treasurer to the CoHe&or of Excise of the Distri£fc, in like manner and under the like Regulations in all respects as are mentioned, specified and set forth in the said recited Act of the Fiftieth Year of His Majesty's Reign, with respect to Advances by Order of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, for the Purposes of the said recited Act; and that it shall be lawful for the Grand Jury making such Presentment (if they shall think fit so to do) to appoint Commissioners for 57 Geo. III. S causing

I29

above recited 4 AtU extended to Ireland.

50 G. 3 c. 103.

Grand Juries may rent or purchase Premises for Sewers or Drams to Gaols;

and may direct a Conveyance thereof to Commissioners in trust as herein mentioned.

Grand Juries may present the whole Sums necessary for completing the building or repairing of Gaols over and above Sums in hand as herein mentioned.

Lord Lieutenant may order to be advanced at the Exchequer Money on such Presentments.

Commissioners may be appointed by Grand Jury.

130 C.ji, j2.

57° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1817.

Before Money is advanced Plan of the Works and Comra&s to be approved by Lord Lieute-naut.

Powers given by (pecul Ada to cease, after such Advances are nondou

Unapplied Monies raised under such Acts to be paid over to Treasurer of the County in Aid of Presentments. Materials previously purchased vetted in Commissioners. Persons who have received Money to account.

eaufing the said Presentments to be carried into Execution and Effect, and for such Commissioners to a d in carrying such Presentments into Execution and Effect, and to contract for the Execution thereof, and also to receive and expend and account for all Monies on account of such Presentment in such and the like manner, and with all such Powers and under all such Regulations to all Intents and Purposes, as such Grand Jury and Commissioners respectively, or any other Person or Persons; are authorized and required to do, under or by virtue of the said recited Act of the Fiftieth Year of His Majesty's Reign, in all cales provided for by the said recited Act, and as if all such Powers and Regulations, and all Clauses in the said recited Act relating to the fame, were repeated and reenacted in this Act; any thing in any Ad or* Acts specially relating to such Gaol or Prison to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted and declared, That before any Advance shall be made by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being in manner authorized by this Act, the Place or Site upon which such Gaol is intended to be built, or has been in part built, together with the Plan adopted for the Execution of the said Work, and also the Contract or Contracts for completing the fame, shall be laid before and approved of by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being; and that it shall not be lawful for the Graud Jury or Commissioners to depart from the Plan so approved of.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in all cases in which the Grand Jury of any County, County of a City, or County of a Town, shall, under the Provisions of this Act, make such Preferment as aforesaid, and that such Advance shall be thereupon made by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, then and in every such case, all Rights, Powers and Authorities given by such special Act or Acts to all Bodies and Persons therein mentioned shall cease and determine, apd be of no Effect, any thing in any such Act or Acts notwithstanding 5 and that all Monies theretofore raised by virtue of any such special Act or Acts, and remaining unapplied in the Hands or Power of any Body, or Person or Persons, to the Purposes thereof, shall, after the making of such Presentment and Advance, be forthwith paid over or transferred by such Body or Person or Persons respectively to the Treasurer of such County, County of a City, or County of a Town, in aid of such Presentment to be made under this Act, as if such Money had been originally presented for such Purposes under the Provisions of the said Act of the Fiftieth Year of His Majesty's Reign, or of this Act 5 and that from and after the Appointment of the Commissioners so to be appointed as aforesaid, all Materials previously purchased or procured for or towards the Completion of any such Gaol or Prison shall be and become veiled in such Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall prevent the Person or Persons whu may have received Money under the Provisions of any such special Act or Acts, and who shall not have the fame forthcoming at the time of making any Presentment or Advance by virtue of this Act, or who shall not have accounted for the fame, from being liable to account for the fame in the manner provided by such special Act or Acts, any thing in this present Act contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding; and that all the Provisions of any such special Act or Acts for the filing for and recovering all such Sums as shall not be accounted for shall remain in such cases in full Force; and all such Sums as mall be so recovered shall be paid over or transferred to the Treasurer of such County, County of a City, or County of a Town, to be applied in manner hereinbefore mentioned.

CAP. LXXII.

54 G. 3..149.

55 G. 3. C. 13s. i6, G, 3. c. 10 5.

54 G. 3.C. 149.«altered by 56 G. 3. c. 105. c. continued.

An Act to continue until the End of the next Session of Parliament Two Acts made in the Fifty fourth and Fifty sixth Years of His present Majesty for regulating the Trade in Spirits between Great Britain and Ireland reciprocally.

[7th July 1817.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to regulate until the End of the next Session of Parliament the Trade in Spirits between Great Britain and Ireland reciprocally, and which, by an Act made in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, was continued until the End of the then next Session of Parliament: And Whereas by an 1 Ad made in the last Session of Parliament to amend and continue the said recited Act of the Fifty fourth ' Year aforesaid, and to grant and allow new countervailing Duties and Drawbacks on Spirits imported and exported between England and Scotland and Ireland respectively, the said recited Act of the Fifty fourth 1 Year aforesaid was and is further continued, except so far as the fame was altered by the last mentioned Act,

until the End of the present Session of Parliament, and it is expedient that the said recited Act of the Fifty fourth Year aforesaid, so altered as aforesaid, and such Parts of the said recited Act of the

last Session of Parliament as are now in force should be further continued; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Act of the Fifty fourth Year aforesaid, as altered by the said recited Act of the last Session of Parliament, and also such Parts of the said recited Act of the last Session of Parliament as are now in force, and the several Duties and Drawbacks thereby granted and allowed and now payable, shall be and the fame is and are hereby further continued from and after the End of this present Session of Parliament, and shall remain and continue in force from thence until the End of- the next Session of Parliament.

A.D. 1817.

C. 73» 74-

57° GEORGII III.

13*

CAP. LXXIII.

Aa AG to allow the Exportation of Woollen or Bay Yarn from Ireland by Licence obtained there.

[7th July 1817.]

WHEREAS an Act passed in the Tenth and Eteventh Yean of the Reign of His late Majesty King ioftirW.3.

William the Third, intituled An Act to prevent the Exportation of Wool out of the Kingdoms of c. 10.

Ireland and England into Foreign Parts, and for the Encouragement of the Woollen Manufactures in the

Kingdom of England: And Whereas another Act passed in the Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of His 36 O.a. «.n.

Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for permitting the Exportation of Wool or Woollen or 1 Bay Tarn from any Port in Ireland to any Port in Great Britain: And Wherpas it is expedient to extend

ana amend the Provisions of the said recited Acts* Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act Exportation from it shall be lawful to export from that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, and to import into that Irebad to Great Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain, any Woollen or Bay Yam: Provided always, that Notice Bnuinof WooU be first given to the Commissioners of Revenue in Ireland, or the Chief Officers in the Port from which the d

fame is intended to be brought, of the Quantity, Quality and Package, together with the Marks and Num- tice, and other ber thereof, with the Name of the Ship and the Master or Commander on which the said Goods are to be the Conditions laden, and the Place or Poit into which they are intended to be imported; and that Bond be first en- herein reentered into, to the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, with One or more sufficient Sureties, in ti<med*

Treble the Value of the Goods u> intended to be exported, that the same shall (the Dangers of the Seas

excepted) be landed at the Port to which they are intended to be brought; and that a Licence be also first

taken under the Hands of the said Commissioners of Revenue, or any Two or more of them for the tune

being, or from the Chief Officers of the Port where such Bond is given, for the Landing thereof as aforesaid, which Licence they are hereby authorized and required to grant without any Fee or Reward, or any Licence granted

other Charge to the Person demanding the fame; any Law, Statute or Usage to the contrary in any wile without Fee.

notwithstanding.

CAP. L£XIV.

An Act to extend several Acts for allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods and Merchandize to Porto 'Maria in the Island of Jamaica, and to the Port of Bridgetown in the Island of Barhadbes.

[7th July 1817.]

WHEREAS it is provided by an Act passed in the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, 45 G.3. c 37.

intituled An Act to confoltdate and extend the several Laws now in force for allowing the Import- §1.

ation and Exportation of certain Goods and Merchandizes into and from certain Ports in the West Indies,

that certain Articles therein enumerated may be imported into the several Ports therein named from Foreign

Colonies in the West Indies: And Whereas by one other Act, passed in the Forty eighth Year of His said 48 G. 3. c. 125. Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to permit the Importation of Rice, Grain and Flour from any Foreign 5

Colonies on the Continent of America, into certain Ports in the West Indies; and to allow certain Articles to be imported from the United States of America into the British Provinces in North America, for the Purpose of Exportation to the British Islands in the West Indies, it is enacted, that in addition to the Articles enu-« merated in the afore recited Act passed in the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, it shall be lawful to import, under the like Authority, Restrictions, Rules, Regulations, Penalties and Forfeitures provided in the said recited Act, the Articles of Rice, Grain of all Sorts, and Flour, from any Colonies and Plantations in America belonging to and under the Dominion of any Foreign European Sovereign or State, into any of the Free Ports in Colonies or Plantations belonging to His Majesty in the West Indies

which are particularly enumerated in the said Act; or in another Act passed in the Forty seventh Year of 47 g. 3. felT. 1. 4 His Majesty respecting the Port of Amjlsrdam, in the Island of Curacoa, in any Foreign Ship, Schooner or c 34.

other Foreign Vessel whatever, not having more than One Deck, and being maimed and navigated by Persons inhabiting any of the said Colonies or Plantations belonging to any Foreign Sovereign or State; And Whereas by one other Act, passed in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An 5oG>3-c11- Act for amending, and continuing so amended, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twelve, an Act of the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty, for consoli dating and extending the several Laws in force for allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods and Merchandizes into and from certain Ports in the West Indies, it is enacted, that until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twelve, it shall and may be lawful to import and export the Articles in the said Act mentioned at the Ports therein mentioned, under the Rules and Regulations of the said Act, in any Foreign Sloop, Schooner or other Vessel as therein described, although such Sloop, Schooner or Vessel shall have more than One Deck; which by a subsequent Act was continued until the Twenty*fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, and by one other subsequent Act was revived and made perpetual: And Whereas it is expedient to permit the like Importation and Exportation of certain Goods and Commodities into and from the Port Maria on the North Side of the Island of Jamaica, and into and from the Port of Bridgetown in the Island of Barbadoes, in the West Indies Be it

132 C. 74, 75, 76. 57° GEORGII III. A.D. 1817.

Goods as by 45 G. 3. c. 57. may be imported into and exported from the Ports therein mentioned, and also Rice, Grain, &c. may be imported into and exported from Port Maria in Jamaica, and Bridgetown in Barbados, to any Foreign Colonies in America*

therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act such Goods and Commodities as !>7 the afore recited Act passed in the Forty fifth Year of His Majesty's Reign may be imported into and exported from the Ports therein mentioned, and also Rice, Grain of all Sorts and Flour, may be also imported into and exported from the Port Maria on the North Side of the Island of Jamaica, and into and from the Port of Bridgetown in the Island of Barbadoesf in the West Indies, from and to any Colonies and Plantations in America, be* longing to and under the Dominion of any Foreign European Sovereign or State, in the like Ships and Vessels, under such Rules, Regulations, Restrictions and Conditions, and subject to such Penalties and Forfeitures for Breach thereof, as are contained, described, and provided in the said Acts, and in the aforesaid recited Act passed in the Fiftieth Year of His present Majesty's Reign.

CAP. LXXV.

An Act to abolish the Punishment of Public Whipping on Female Offenders.

[7th July 1817.]

Judgment of Public Whipping fiull not be swarded on Females.

Instead thereof Herd Labour in the House of Cor red ion. Proviso,

WHEREAS the Punishment of Public Whipping of Female Offenders has been found inexpedient; 9

Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act Judgment shall not be given and awarded against any Female or Females convicted of any Offence that such Female Offender or Offenders do suffer the Punishment of being publicly whipped; any Law, Statute or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where the Punishment of Public Whipping on Female Offenders has hitherto formed the Whole or Part of the Judgment to be pronounced, it shall and may be lawful for the Court before whom any such Offender shall be tried, to pass such Sentence of Confinement to Hard Labour in the Common Gaol or House of Correction, in lieu of the Sentence of being publicly whipped, as to the said Court shall seem most proper: Provided, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend in any manner to change, alter or affect any Punishmment whatsoever, which may now be by Law inflicted in respect to any Offence, except only the Punishment of Public Whipping on Female Offenders, in manner as herein above is enacted.

J4O.3. c. 153.

3-

Oath to be made to certain Particulars before the Drawback on Pa^cr allowed to the University shall be paid.

Certificate to be produced to Commissioners of Excise.

CAP. LXXVI.

An Act to amend an Act of the Fifty fourth Year of His present Majesty, to regulate the Payment of Drawback on Paper allowed to the Universities in Scotland.

[7th July 1817.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to regulate the Payment of Drawback on Paper allowed to the Universities in Scotland, it is enacted, that no Allowance mail be made for Paper uled in the Printing of any Books in the

Latin, Greek, Oriental or Northern Languages, within the said Universities, unless the Chief Managers of the Press in such Universities shall subscribe at the Foot of the Certificate mentioned in the said Act an Oath-in Writing, made before the Vice Chancellors of tHc fame, that the Whole of the said Edition of the 1 Book so printed is printed for the Use and Behoof of the Universities respectively for which the fame express to be printed: And Whereas it is expedient that the said Oath Should be made in the Terms and before the Person or Persons herein after mentioned Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commo.is, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act such Allowance as is by the said recited Act granted shall be made for Paper used in the printing such Books in the Latin, Greek, Oriental or Northern Languages within the said Universities, at any time from and after the Twenty eighth Day of July in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, provided the Chief Manager or Managers of the Press in such Universities respectively shall subscribe at the Foot of such Certificate respectively, as is in the said Act mentioned, an Oath in Writing made before the Vice Chancellor, Principal or Rector, or by whatever other Name or Names the Principal of such Universities respectively may be known or distinguished, that the Whole of the said Edition of the Book so printed was and is printed for the said Universities respectively for which the fame express to be printed, and that no Book-feller or Book fellers or other Person or Persons had or hath or have any Share or Interest therein, or in the Drawback or Allowance payable on or in respect of the Paper on which the fame was and is printed, which Certificate shall be produced to the Commissioners of Excise or any Two of them, and without which the said Commissioners shall not be and are not authorized to cause Payment to be made of such Drawback or A1-lowance of the Duties on the Paper so used, or any Part thereof; and provided also, that all other the Conditions, Rules, Regulations, Restrictions and Provisions contained or referred to in the said Act, be fully observed, performed and fulfilled.

A.D. 1817.

57° GEORGII III. C. 77. , 3S

Cap. lxxvii.

An Act for extending the Provisions of an Act of the Fifty fourth Year of His present Majesty, fdr regulating the Payment of Army Prize Money; and for authorizing the Commissioners of Chelsea Hospital to suspend the Pensions of such Persons as shall be guilty of Frauds in respect of Prize Money or Pensions.

[7th July 1817.]

WHEREAS an Act passed in the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled J4G. 3. C. 86.

An Act for regulating the Payment of Army Prize Money, and to provide for the Payment of tm-

claimed and forfeited Shares to Chelsea Hospital: And Whereas Doubts may arise whether the Said Act, and the Provisions, Powers, Regulations, Pains and Penalties therein contained, are applicable and relate to

Grants, Captures or Prizes made in any War or Hostilities subsequent to that which existed at the time

when the said recited Act was passed: And Whereas it is expedient that the said Doubts should be prevented

or removed, and that the said Act should be explained, and the Provisions, Powers, Regulations, Pains and Penalties therein contained should be declared to extend to all Grants, Captures and Prizes made in any War or Hostilities in which His Majesty has been engaged since the passing of the said recited Act* Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all the Clauses, Enactments, Provisions, Rules, Regulations, Powers, Pains and Punishments, as Provisions of re* well of Death as otherwise, and all Penalties, Forfeitures, matters and things in the said recited Act contained, cite<1 3PP^ or thereby continued, and all Forms, matters and things in the Schedules to the said recited Act set forth £a[£e to p*?zes ind contained, shall be and the same are hereby declared to be applicable, as well to all Grants, Captures made?1*0*and Prizes made during the War which was in Existence at the time when the said Act was passed, as to all Grants, Captures and Prizes made in or in consequence of any War or Hostilities in which His Majesty has been engaged since the passing of the said recited Act, and that as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Clauses, Enactments, Provisions, Rule's, Regulations, Powers, Pains, Punishments,

Penalties, Forfeitures, matters, Forms and things were severally repeated and reenacted in the Body of, and made Part of this Act.

II. And Whereas no sufficient Provision is made for punishing Frauds relating to Pensions or Prize Money, and it is expedient that Power should be given to the Commissioners of the Royal Hospital for Soldiers at Chelsea, to take away or suspend the Pensions of such Persons a6 shall be guilty of Frauds or other

gross Misconduct; Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may Commissioners

be lawful for the Commissioners of the said Royal Hospital at Chelsea, and they are hereby authorized and of Chelsea Hof-empowered upon Complaint and Proof being made to them of any Fraud, either with respect to the Receipt f"f-

of Prize Money or Pension, or any other Money in the Nature of Allowance or Bounty Money, or of other p gross Misconduct attempted or practised by any Person being a Pensioner of the said Royal Hospital, to fuf- cTfes°of pend or entirely to take away the Pension of the Person so offending, and to issue to the Paymaster of Out Fraud. Pensions of the said Royal Hospital a Certificate, under the Hand of the said Commissioners or Three or

more of them, of any Pension being so suspended or taken away 5 and upon the said Certificate being issued to the said Paymaster of Pensions, he shall suspend the Payment of the Pension therein mentioned, according to the Tenor of the said Certificate; any thing in any other Act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Secretary at War for the time Regimental being, upon Proof having been satisfactorily made to him that there were any Regimental Debts due from Debts of deceas-any Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier at the time of his Death, and such Non Commissioned Officer and N Soldier had Prize Money due to him at his Decease, to issue to the Agent for the said Prize Money, or if soldiers^o be the same shall have been paid over to Chelsea Hospital, then to the Treasurer of the said Hospital or his palci out Df (heir Deputy, a Certificate of the Amount of such Regimental Debts, together with a Requisition that the fame Prize Money, may be paid out of the Prize Money of such Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier; and the said Agent or

Treasurer of Chelsea Hospital respectively shall thereupon reserve out of the said Prize Money and pay over to the Person named in such Requisition the Amount so due from the said Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier, before any other Claims upon the said Prize Money shall be paid; and the Order of the said Secretary at War and the Receipt of the Payee in such Requisition named shall be the full and sufficient Vouchers and Discharge to the said Agent or Treasurer of Chelsea Hospital respectively, for the Amount so paid by virtue of and in compliance with the said Requisition.

IV. And be it enacted, That all Sums of Money due in respect of any Military Clothing, Appointments Military Cl<*h-or Equipments, or in respect of any Quarters, or of any Mess or Regimental Accounts, and all Sums of ing, Appoint-Money due to any Agent or Paymaster or Quartermaster, or any other Officer upon such Account as afore- ments\&p' said, or on account of any Advances made for any such Purpose as aforesaid, shall be deemed and taken to

be Regimental Debts for the Purposes of this Act.

V. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be amended, altered or repealed by any Act or Acts to Act may be

be passed in this Session of Parliament. altered, &c. this

Sc Ibi on.

A. IX1817

134 C. 78. 57° GEORGII III.

Allowances for the Diet of Non Commissioned Officers and Soldiers iod. per Diem till July 24» and alter that Day is. ad.

Further Allowance of One Halfpenny per

Diem.

For Horsea quartered, iod. per Diem to be paid for Hay and Straw till July 24; after that Day is. Regulation with respect to dieting Non Commissioned Officers and Soldiers on their Match.

Persona liable to billetting paying Money to Noti Commissioned Officers or Soldiers on the March in lieu of furn'flhing Diet and Small Beer, liable to be fined.

When halted on a March, Non Commissioned Officers and Soldiers entitled to Diet and Small Beer ns after arriving at their Detonation; and if such Halting be only for a

CAP. LXXVIII.

An Act for fixing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers. # [7th July 1817.]

WHEREAS by Two Acts passed in the present Session of Parliament for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, it is enacted, that Officers and* Soldiers shall be furnished with Diet and Small Beer upon paying and allowing for the fame the several

Rates that are or shall be established by any Act or Acts of Parliament; and an Option is given to Innholders, and others upon whom Officers and Soldiers are quartered and billeted, to furnish certain Articles gratis in lieu of Diet and Small Beer; and it is just and expedient that an adequate Allowance shall be

made and established for Provision and other Articles furnished to Officers and Soldiers May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted j and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and bj the Authority of the same, That every Non Commissioned Officer and Private Soldier who shall be furnished with Diet and Small Beer, within those Parts of the United Kingdom specified in the said recited Acts, by the Innholders or other Persons on whom such Non Commissioned Officers or Private Soldiers shall be quartered and billetted by virtue of the said Acts, shall pay and allow for the fame the Sum of Ten pence ter Diem until the Twenty fourth Day of July inclusive, and from and after that Day the Sum of One Smiling and Two pence per Diem; and that for such Allowances of Ten pence and One Shilling and Two pence the Innholder or other Person shall furnish One Meal; videlicet, a hot Dinner, if required, in each Day to each Non Commissioned Officer, Trumpeter, Drummer and Private Soldier quartered and billeted.on him, to consist of such Quantities of Diet and Small Beer as have been or shall be specified and fixed in and by any Regulations made or to be made from time to time by His Majesty in that Behalf, but not to exceed One Pound and a Quarter of Meat previous to being dressed, One Pound of Bread, One Pound of Potatoes or other Vegetables previous to being cooked, and Two Pints of Small Beer, and Vine* gar, Salt and Pepper; and that the Accounts of the same shall be rendered, and Payment thereof made, in like manner as is directed by the said Acts.

II. And be it further enacted, That in case any Innholders, or other Persons on whom any Non Commissioned Officers or Private Men shall be quartered within the aforesaid Parts of the United Kingdom, shall, by virtue of the said Option in the said Acts, furnish such Non Commissioned Officers or Soldiers with the Articles therein mentioned in lieu of furnishing Diet and Small Beer, at the Rate prescribed by this Act, such Innholders or other Persons on whom such Non Commissioned Officers or Soldiers are quartered, and by whom the said Articles shall have been so supplied, shall receive in consideration thereof One Halfpenny per Diem for each Non Commissioned Officer and Soldier; which Sum of One Halfpenny per Diem shall be accounted for and paid in like manner as is directed touching the Rate aforesaid.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Sum to be paid to the Innholder or other Person within the aforesaid Parts of the United Kingdom, on whom any of the Horses belonging to His Majesty's Forces shall be quartered by virtue of the said Acts, for Hay and Straw, shall be Ten pence per Diem for each Horse until the Twenty fourth Day of July inclusive, and from and after that Day One Shilling per Diem.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all Non Commissioned Officers ^nd Soldiers shall be entitled to receive their Diet and Small Beer from the Innholders or other Persons on whom they may be billetted, within the aforesaid Parts of the United Kingdom, at the Rate hereinbefore prescribed while on the hlarch, as also on and for the Dav of their Arrival at the Place of their final Destinatlion, and on the Two subsequent Days, unless either of the Two subsequent Days shall be a Market Day in and for the Town or Place where such Officers or Soldiers shall be billetted, or within the Distance of Two Miles thereof; in which case it shall be lawful for the Innholder or other Person as aforesaid to discontinue on and from such Market Day the Supply of Diet and Small Beer, and to furnish in lieu thereof the Articles in the said recited Act specified, ana at the Rate hereinbefore prescribed.

V. Provided always, That if any Victualler or other Person liable by the said recited Acts to have SoL diers billetted or quartered on him or her shall pay any Sum or Sums of Money to any Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier on the March, in lieu of furnishing in Kind the Diet and Small Beer to which such Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier is entitled under the said Acts, every such Victualler or other Person may be proceeded against and fined in like manner as if he or she had refilled to furnish or allow, according to the Directions of the said recited Acts, the several things respectively directed to be furnished to Non Commissioned Officers or Soldiers so quartered or billetted on him or her as aforesaid.

VI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any Regiment, Troop, Company or Detachment, when on the March, shall be baited, either for a limited or indefinitive time, at ^ny intermediate Place, the Non Commissioned Officers and Soldiers belonging thereto shall be entitled to receive their Diet and Small Beer from the Persons on whom they shall be billetted at such intermediate Place, for such time only for which they would be entitled to receive the same after arriving at the Place of their final Deftmation, according to this Act.

VII. Provided nevertheless, That whenever it shall happen that any Regiment, Troop, Company or De-j tachment, when on their March, shall be halted, and it shall appear by the Marching Orders that it is not intended that such Regiment, Troop, Company or Detachment shall halt for any longer time than One entire Day after the Day of their Arrival at the Place of Halting, and the Day after such Arrival shall be such Market Day as aforesaid, it shall not be lawful for the Innholders or other Persons on whom the Non Com-

12 missioned

missioned Officers and Soldiers shall be billetted to discontinue on such Market Day the Supply of Diet and Small Beer to any such Officers or Soldiers 5 but that all such Officers and Soldiers shall be entitled to receive their Diet and Small Beer from such Innholders and other Persons aforesaid upon such Market Day as aforesaid, at the Rates hereinbefore prescribed, in like manner as they would have been entitled thereto, if such Day had not been a Market Day; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary hereof notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all Non Commissioned Officers and Private Men employed in Recruiting, and the Recruits by them raised, shall, while on the March, and for Two Days after the Day of their Arrival at any Recruiting Station, be entitled to the fame Benefits as are hereinbefore provided in regard to Troops upon the March 5 but no Recruit enlisted after the Two Days subsequent to the Arrival, of the Party at their Recruiting Station shall be entitled to be supplied with Diet and Small Beer at the Rates herein* before prescribed, except at the Option of the Person on whom he shall be quartered: Provided also nevertheless, that in case any such Recruiting Party, with the Recruits by them raised, shall remove from their Station, and after a time shall return to the same Place, they and the Recruits by them raised, so returning, shall not be again entitled to the Supply of Diet and Small Beer for such Two Days as aforesaid, unless the Period between the time of their Removal from such Place, and their Return thereto, shall have exceeded Twenty eight Days.

IX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall have Continuance and be in force from the Twenty fourth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seventeen until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eighteen; and that all Payments which have been made, and all Acts, matters and things done in pursuance of or in conformity with the Provisions thereof, shall be as good, valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes as if this Act had passed before the said Twenty fourth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seventeen.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered and varied by any Ad to be made in this Session of Parliament.

CAP. LXXIX.

An Act to permit the Transfer of Capital from certain Public Stocks or Funds in Great Britain, to certain Public Stocks or Funds in Ireland.

[7th July 1817.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that Facility should be given to the Transfer from Great Britain to Irev V land of certain Public Funds, Stocks or Annuities, and that for that Purpose the Dividends and

Interest upon certain Irish Funds, Stocks, Annuities and Debentures should be made payable at the fame Periods as the Dividends and Interest of certain British Stocks, Funds or Annuities are payable: In order to carry the fame fully into Effect, ' Be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Dividends or Interest which, under and by virtue of any Acts in force immediately before the passing of this Act, are due and payable at the Bank of Ireland on the Twenty fifth Day of March and Twenty ninth Day of September in every Year, and at the Bank of England on the Twenty fifth Day of March and the Twenty fifth Day of September in every Year, on the several Irish Annuities, after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, transferable at the said Bank of Ireland and Bank of England respectively, shall be paid up to the Twenty ninth and Twenty fifth Days respectively of September next after the passing of this Act; and that on the Tenth Day of October next ensuing the said Twenty ninth and Twenty fifth Days respectively of September, Eleven Days' Interest or Dividends on such of the said Annuities as are transferable at the Bank of Ireland, and Fifteen Days' Interest or Dividends on such of the said Annuities as are transferable at the Bank of 1England, from the said Twenty ninth and Twenty fifth Day8 respectively of September to the said Tenth Day of 0Sober, shall be paid to the Holders of any such Annuities, in addition to such former Half Yearly Interest or Dividends up to the said Twenty ninth and Twenty fifth Days respectively of September, so as fully to meet the Demand of the Public Creditor up to the said Tenth Day of October; and that all succeeding Half Yearly Payments of Dividends and Interest on the said Annuities shall become due and payable, and mall be paid and made at the said Banks respectively, on the Fifth Day of April and the Tenth Day of October in each and every Year; and the Dividends and Interest which under and by virtue of any such Acts are due and payable at the Bank of Ireland upon the Twenty fourth Day of June and Twenty fifth Day of December in every Year, on the several Annuities after the Rate of Three Pounds and Ten Shillings and Four Pounds per Centum per Annum, transferable at the said Bank, and 011 the Debentures payable there with Interest after the Rate of Three Pounds and Ten Shillings and Four Pounds per Centum per Annum> shall be paid up to the Twenty fifth Day of December next after the passing of this Act; and that on the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, Eleven Days' Interest or Dividends from the said Twenty fifth Day of December to the said Fifth Day of January shall be paid to the Holders of any such last mentioned Annuities or Debentures, in addition to such former Half Yearly Interest or Dividend up to the said Twenty fifth Day of December, so as fully to meet the Demand of the Public Creditor up to the said Fifth Day of January; and that all succeeding Payments of Dividends and Interest on such last mentioned Annuities and Debentures shall become due and be payable, and shall be paid and made at the said Bank, Half Yearly on the Fifth Day of July and the Fifth Day of January in each and every succeeding Year, in such manner to all Intents and Purposes as if the said several Periods of Payment had been feveraffy mentioned and specified in the several Acts whereby the said several Stocks, Funds, Annuities or Debentures, or any of them, or any Part of them, were

fmrally

Day after Arrival, and that be a Market Day, their Diet and Small Beer not to be discontinued.

Regulations respecting Recruiting Parties and Recruits on their March.

[Continuance of Act.]

Act may be altered, &c. this SeflSon.

Dividends payable bn March 15, and SepL 29, on Irish 5 per Cent. Annuities, to be paid at the times herein mentioned.

The Dividends payable on the Irish 3$ per Cent, and per Cent. Annuities to be paid up to the times herein mentioned.

136 C-79«

57° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1817.

Fund.

Persons holding 3 per Cent. Con-fols Stock transferable at the

transferable at the Bank of Ireland.

Scale upon which such Transfers shall be made.

severally created, and the Dividends and Interest thereon respectively made payable; any thing in the said Acts, or any of them, or any other'A A or Acts to thq contrary in anywise natwkhstanding.

Prorifo for issu- II- And be it further enacted, That upon Certificate from the Governor and Company of the Bank ing Sum necef- of Ireland, chequed and certified by the Loan Clerk in the Exchequer of Ireland\ of the Sum necessary Ury to discharge to meet the Payment of such several Interests or Dividends as shall be payable in Ireland for such Periods of Dividends for^ Eleven Days respectively, it shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors yond the former Inland for the time being, and he and they is and are hereby authorized and required, to grant his or their Days of Pay- Warrant for issuing out of the Produce of the Consolidated Fund arising in Ireland, to the said Governor

went out of Irish and Company, such Sum or Sums as may be necessary to discharge such several Interesti or Dividends for Consolidated such Periods of Eleven Days respectively.

III. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and seventeen it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons holding Stock in the Three Pounds per Centum per Annum Consolidated Annuities transferable at the Bank of England, to transfer such Stock or Annuities for the Purpose of having corresponding Sums written in and consolidated with and made Part of

Bank of England the Capital of Three Pounds and Ten Shillings per Centum per Annum Annuities and Debentures transfer-^ble at the Bank of Ireland; and that from and after Uie Tenth Day of 0Sober One thousand eight fpooding Stock hundred and seventeen it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons holding Stock in the Briitfk Funds of Four Pounds per Centum per Annum Consolidated Annuities transferable at the Bank of England, or in the Five Pounds per Centum per Annum Annuities of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety seven, transferrable at the Bank of England, or in Ir 'ish Five Pounds ter Centum per Annum Annuities transferrable at the said Bank of England, to transfer such Stock or Annuities respectively for the Purpose of having corresponding Sums written in and consolidated with and made Part of the Capital of Five rounds ter Centum per Annum Annuities transferrable at the Bank of Ireland; and that all such Transfers shall be made according to the Scale and on the Terms and Conditions herein after mentioned and set forth.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Scale upon which every such Transfer or Transfers shall be made under the Authority of this Act, of any Sum or Sums from the several before mentioned Stocks, Funds, or Annuities transferrable at the Bank of England for the Purpose of having correspondirtg Sums written into or consolidated with the said several before mentioned Stocks, Funds, Annuities or Debentures transferrable at the Bank of Ireland, shall be as follows; Nthat is to say, that every Person who shall so transfer any such Sum or Sums shall, for every Sum of One huudted Pounds in the Three Pounds per Centum per Annum Consolidated Annuities transferrable at the Bank of England, so transferred, be entitled to the Sum of Ninety two Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Two pence in the Three Pounds and Ten Shillings per Centum per Annum Annuities and Debentures transferrable at the Bank of Ireland; for every Sum of One hundred Pounds in the Four Pounds per Centum per Annum Consolidated Annuities transferrable at the Bank of Mnrland, so transferred, every such Person shall be entitled to the Sum of Eighty six Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Four pence in the Five Pounds per Centum per Annum Annuities transferrable at the Bank of /r eland; and for every Sum of One hundred rounds in the Five Pounds per Centum per Annum Annuities of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety seven, franferrable at the Bank of England, or in the Infix Five Pounds per Centum per Annum Annuities transferrable at the Bank of England, so transferred, every such Person shall be entitled to the Sum of One hundred and eight Pounds Six Shillings and Eight pence in the Five Pounds per Centum per Annum Annuities and Debentures transferrable at the Bank of Ireland; and so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity or Sum of any such Stocks, Fuads or Annuities so transferred respectively.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons havio^g or possessing any Stock in the several before mentioned Stocks, Funds or Annuities transferrable at the Bank of

8 to apply in writing to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and which Applica-

tion shall be according to such Form as shall be established by the said Governor and Company, and shall be

the fame in all cases, for Permission to transfer such Stocks, Funds, or Annuities respectively, for the Purpose of having corresponding Sums written in and consolidated with the several before mentioned Stocks, Funds, Annuities or Debentures transferrable at the Bank of Ireland, as the case may require, according to the Provisions of this Act; and thereupon, and upon such Person or Persons transferring such Stocks, Funds or Annuities so transferrable at the Bank of England, or any Part thereof, in the Books of the Governor and uuwmurwc Company of the Bank of England, into the Names of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Reduction of the for Purpose of their cancelling and discharging the fame from the National Debt in Great Br'r.

National Debt, tain, it shall and may be lawful for the Governor or Deputy Governor of the Bank of England for the time Certificate*to be being, and they are hereby respectively authorized and required, to grant a Certificate to the Person or granted directed Persons making such Transfer, directed to the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, and which Ireland"*11^ °* Certificate fhaff be also according to a Form which shall be established by the said Governor and Company What such Cer- of England, and shall be the fame in all cases 5. and such Certificate shall date that the Person

tificateiatoltye. or Persons therein mentioned has or have transferred the Stocks, Funds or Annuities therein described to the said Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, for the Purpose of having corresponding Sums written in the Name of such Person or Persons and consolidated with such Stocks, Funds, Annuities or Debentures in Ireland as the same are applicable to, describing the fame, and dating the Amount in such Iri/l Stocks, Funds, Annuities or Debentures respectively to which such

14 Person

Application for transferring

England in Writing.

In cases of Transfers made to the Commissioners for the

A.D. 1817. 57° GEORGII III. C. 79.

Person or Persons shall be fp entitled in respect of such Transfer, according to the Scale hereinbefore set forth.

VI. And be it further enacted, That immediately upon any such Transfer as aforesaid being made at the Bank of England to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt in Great Britain, the Stocks, Funds or Annuities so transferred to them shall be cancelled and for ever discharged from the Account of the National Debt in Great Britain.

VII. And be it further enacted, That in the Office of the Accountant General of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England for the time being, a Book or Books shall be provided and kept, in which shall be fairly entered the Names of all Persons making any such Transfer of any such Stocks, Funds or Annuities to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, under the Provisions of this Act, to which Book or Books it shall and may be lawful for all Persons making any such Transfer, their respective Executors, Administrators and Assigns, from time to time and at all seasonable times to resort and to inspect the fame without any Fee or Charge; and the said Accountant General shall on or before the Fifteenth Day of March, the Fifteenth Day of June, the Fifteenth Day of September and the Fifteenth Day of December in each and every Year, transmit a Certificate, fairly written on raper, of the total Amount of the several Stocks, Funds or Annuities so transferred, specifying the annual Interest thereon, into the Office of the Auditor of His Majesty's Exchequer in Great Britain, and also into the Office of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt 5 and the Monies heretofore set apart at His Majesty's Exchequer in Great Britain, for the Payment of the Interest of the Capitals of the said Stocks, Funds or Annuities so transferred, shall thenceforward cease and determine, and be no longer issued out of the Consolidated Fund in Great Britain.

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Person to make any Transfer, for the Purposes of this A A, of any such British Three Pounds per Centum per Annum Consolidated Annuities, at any time within One Calendar Month ne$t preceding the Fifth Day of January or the Fifth Day of July in any Year, nor to make any such Transfer of any such British Four Pounds per Centum per Annum Consolidated Annuities, or Five Pounds per Centum per Annum Annuities of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety seven, or Irish Five Pounds per Centum Annuities transferable at the Bank of England, at any time within One Calendar Month next preceding the Fifth Day of April or the Tenth Day of 0 Bober, in any Year; any thing hereinbefore contained to, the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, and they are hereby authorized and required, upon the Production to them of any such Certificate or Certificates from the Governor or Deputy Governor of the Bank of England, so given for the Purposes of this A A, to write or cause to be written into the Books of the Bank of Ireland relating to the several Stocks, Funds, Annuities, or Debentures respectively, the Sums specified and contained in every such Certificate, in the Name or Names of the Party or Parties specified in every such Certificate; and all and every such Sums and Sum shall be respectively added to and made One joint Stock with the then existing Annuities of Three Pounds and Ten Shillings per Centum per Annum or Five Pounds per Centum per Annum respectively, transferrable at the Bank of Ireland, as the case shall require, and shall be payable and transfer-rable at the Bank of Ireland at the same time and in the same manner as such existing Annuities of Three Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum per Annum, and Five Pounds^cr Centum per Annum respectively, are payable and transferrable; ana all such Sums so written into the said Books of the Bank of Ireland shall be entitled to Interest or Dividend from the last Dividend Day immediately previous to the Transfer made under this Act of the several Stocks, Funds, or Annuities in respect of whicUfuch Sums were so written in, and up to which Day the Dividend or Interest on such several Stocks, Funds or Annuities shall have been payable at the Bank of England\

X. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful to write in or consolidate any such Sum or Sums in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland relating to the Three Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum per Annum Annuities transferrable at the Bank of Ireland, at any time within Three Weeks next preceding the Fifth Day of January or the Fifth Day of July in any Year; nor to write in or consolidate any such Sum or Sums in the Books of the said Governor and Company relating to the Five Pounds per Centum per Annum Annuities transferrable at the said Bank, at any time within Three Weeks next preceding the Fifth Day of April or the Tenth Day of October in any Year; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding,

XI. And be it further enacted, That the said Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland shall, upon snaking up their Books preparatory to the Payment of each and every Half yearly Interest or Dividend, certify to the Auditor General of His Majesty's Exchequer in Ireland, and to the Loan Clerk there, the Amount of all Stocks, Funds, Annuities, or Debentures which shall have been written into the Books of the said Governor and Company pursuant to this Act in the Course of the preceding Half Year, and for which Interest or Dividend shall be and become payable pursuant to this Act; and such Loan Clerk shall certify by his Signature such Application from the said Bank of Ireland for the total Amount of the Interest or Dividend falling due, and so to be applied for, with the least possible Delay, provided such Demand from the said Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland shall be correct; and thereupon it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, and he or they is and are hereby authorized and required, to grant his or their Warrant to issue out of the Produce of the Consolidated Fund arising in Ireland a sufficient Sum of Money for paying to the said Governor and Company of the Bank

57 Geo. III. T of

137

Stock transferred to the said Commissioners cancelled.

Books provided for entering Transfers made to the said Commissioners may be inspected without Fee.

Certificate of Amount of Stock transferred to the Exchequer.

No such Transfers shall be made within One Month preceding the Days when the Divi. dends become due.

On Production of Certificate of Bank of England, Bank of Ireland to write the Sums therein specified into their Books, to be consolidated with the several existing Stock*.

No such Sum* to be written into the Books of the Bank of Ireland within Three Weeks previous to the respective Dividend Days.

Bank cf Ireland to certify to Auditor of the Exchequer and Loan Clerk there, the Amount of Stock written into their Books. Interest to be issued out of the Consolidated Fund ariffng in Ireland.

Duplicates may he granted of Certificates lost or destroyed.

Security to be given against the Production of the Original.

If Original tendered afrer Duplicate acted upon, it may be detained and cancelled.

Counterfeiting Certificates, See.

Felony.

Taking Fee for receiving any

Certificate, &c. Penalty act.

.79, 80, 81. 57° GEORGII III. A.D. 1817.

of Ireland the full Amount of all Interest or Dividend so becoming payable; any Act or Acts in force in Ireland, or any Law, Usage, or Custom to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case of the Loss or Destruction of any Certificate of the Governor or Deputy Governor of the Bank of England, given for the Purposes of this Act, it shall \1t1d may be lawful for tire Governor or Deputy Governor of the Bank of England, and they are hereby respectively authorized and empowered, upon Proof of such Loss or Destruction to their Satisfaction, to grant a Duplicate of such Certificate 5 and such Duplicate shall be full and sufficient Authority to the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland for the Purposes of this Act, and shall stand in the Place and Stead of the original Certificate, if such original Certificate shall not have been previously found and produced to and acted upon by the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland: Provided always, that upon any Loss or Destruction, or alleged Loss or Destruction, of any such original Certificate, and on the Production of any such Duplicate Certificate, the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland shall and they are hereby authorized and required to demand and take from the Party or Parties tendering any such Duplicate full and sufficient Security to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, to indemnify the said Governor and Company against the Production of, or any Claim which shall be made under or by virtue of, any such original Certificate so loft dr destroyed, or alleged to have been lost or destroyed; and if, at any time after a Duplicate Certificate shall have been produced and acted upon under this Act, the Original of such Certificate shall be tendered to the said* Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, it shall and may be lawful for the said Governor and Company, and they are hereby authorized and required, to detain such original Certificate, and to cancel the fame, and to transmit the fame so cancelled to the Governor and Company oT the Bank of England, and to deliver up such Security as shall have been entered into touching the said original Certificate, to the Party or Partiet entering into such Security, or such of them a9 shall require the same.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or shall willingly ad or assist in the forging or counterfeiting any such Certificate or Duplicate Certificate, or shall alter ^uy Number, Figure or Word therein, or shall utter or publish as true any such false, forged, counterfeited or altered Certificate, with Intent to defraud the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, or any Body Politic or Corporate, or any Person or Persons whatsoever, every such Person or Persons so forging or counterfeiting, or causing or procuring to be forged or counterfeited, or willingly acting or assisting in the forging or counterfeiting, or altering, uttering or publishing as aforesaid, being thereof convicted in du* Form of Law, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as a Felon without Benefit of Clergy.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That no Fee, Reward or Gratuity whatsoever shall be demanded or taken of any of His Majesty's Subjects for receiving any such Certificate or Duplicate Certificate, or for paying the iaij Annuities or any of them, or for any Transfer of any Sum, great or small, to be made in pursuance of this Act, upon pain that any Officer or Person offending by taking or demanding any such Fee, Reward or Gratuity, shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds to the Party aggrieved, with full Costs of Suit, to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or Dublin respectively, wherein no Essoign, Protection, Privilege, Wager of X^aw, Injunction or Order of Restraint, or anymore than One Imparlance, shall be granted or allowed.

CAP. LXXX.

An Act for raising the Sum of Nine Millions, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Tear

One thousand eight hundred and seventeen.

[10th July 1817.]

44 TREASURY may raise 9, 000, 0001. by Exchequer Bills^ in manner prescribed by 48 G. 3. c. 1. — §1. The Clauses, &c. in recited Act extended to this Act. §2. Treasury to apply the Money raised. £3. 44 Exchequer Bills to be payable out of Supplies for next Session. $4. Exchequer Bills to bear an Interest not exceeding 3 Jd. per Centum per Diem. $5. Exchequer Bills current at the Exchequer after April 5y 4i 1818. — §6. Bank of England may advance 6, oooo, ooool. on the Credit of this Act, notwithstanding^ 44 5 & 6 W. & M. c. 20. — $7.

CAP. LXXXI.

An Act for raising the Sum of Three millions six hundred thousand Pounds British Currency, by Treasury Bills, in Ireland, for the Services of the Year One thousand eight hundred and seventeen.

[10th July 1817.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, being desirous of raising the necessary Supplies which we have cheerfully and voluntarily granted to Your Majesty in this Session of Parliament, have resolved that a Sum not exceeding Three millions six hundred thousand Pounds British Currency be raised by Treasury Bills in Ireland, in manner herein after mentioned and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the

Advice

139

A.D. 1817. 57° GEORGII III. C. 8r.

Advice and Consent of |.he Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Athority of the same, That it /ha'll and may be lawful for the Lord Higlf Treasurer of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for the time being, or for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or any Three or more of them, now or for the time being, if he or they shall judge it advisable, at any time or times after the passing of this Act, to prepare and make and issue, or cause to he prepared or made and issued, any Number of Bills entitling the Bearer to the Sum or Sums respectively specified therein, (not exceeding in the Whole the Amount herein after mentioned and directed, ) and declaring such Sum or Sums to be payable, or such Bills to pass current at the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer iri Ireland, at such time and times as shall be directed by the said Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, or any Three of them, and as shall be expressed in such Bills respectively, and such Bills shall bear an Interest not exceeding the Rate of Five Pdunds per Centum per Annum; and the said Bills shall be numbered in Arithmetical Progression, be* ginning with Number One.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to authorize the said Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury to issue any such Bills under this Act to any Amount exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Three millions six hundred thousand Pounds British Currency \ and that such Bills shall be issued for so much only of the said Sum of Three millions six hundred thousand Pounds British Currency as shall be a&uafly paid by any Person or Persons into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer in Ireland, at the Instance or by and with the Consent and Approbation of the said Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury or any Three of them now or for the time being; and that the Interest on the said Bills, not exceeding Five Pounds per Centum per Annum9 shall commence from the issuing thereof respectively, and shall be paid to the Person or Persons entitled thereto, without any Fee or Charge, and free from all Deductions whatsoever; and that every such Bill so to be issued for the said Sum of Three millions six hundred thousand Pounds British Currency, or any Part thereof as aforesaid, shall or may, on or after such time or times as shall be appointed by the said Lord High Treasurer for the time being, or by the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury now or for the time being, or any Three of them, if not sooner paid off, be received and taken by and be current to any Receiver or Collector in Ireland of the Customs, Excise or any Revenue, Aid or Tax arising in Ireland, for and in Satisfaction of any Custom, Excise, or any Aid, Revenue or Tax, then or thereafter respectively to become due or payable to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, in Ireland, and shall be taken, pass and be current at the Receipt of His Majesty*8 Exchequer in Ireland, from every such Receiver or Collector, for or in respect of the Customs, Excise, or any Revenue, Aid or Tax by him colle&edor received, at or after such time or times so to be appointed as aforesaid.

III. And be it further enacted, That as soon as any of the said Treasury Bills, which shall or may be issued in pivrfuance of this Act, shall be received by any Receiver or Coile&or, pursuant to the Provisions of this Act, all Interest shall cease from the Day of such Receipt, and shall be no longer payable thereon, and the fame, when paid by such Receiver or Collector into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer in Ireland, shall be cancelled.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies to be received under or by virtue of this Act shall be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at Dublin, and shall be carried to and form Part of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom arising in Ireland*

V. And be it further enacted, That all the said Treasury Bills, and all Interest thereon, or which shall become payable in respect of the said Sum of Three millions six hundred thousand Pounds British Currency, shall be and are hereby charged and chargeable upon, and shall be repaid out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland\ and the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to advance or lend to His Majesty, at the Receipt of His Exchequer in Dublin, or at the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer in London, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the Whole the Amount of Three millions six hundred thousand Pounds British Currency, any Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding; so that no greater or higher Sum, by way of Interest, Discount, Gratuity or other Consideration, shall be demanded or taken by such or any of the said Governors and Companies respectively, or by any Person on their Behalf, than at the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum for any Money so advanced.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, do and shall order and dtre&, and cause to be paid into the Bank of England, without any Fee or Charge, and free from all Deductions whatsoever, all Interest which shall become due and payable on such Part of the said Sum as shall be raised or advanced in that Part of the United Kingdom called England, until such time as the Holders of such Treasury Bills shall be paid their Principal Money, with all Interest remaining due thereon, at One entire Payment, at the said Bank of England.1

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the proper Officers of His Majesty's Exchequer in Ireland be and they are hereby authorized and required to obey all such Orders, as to the Issue and Delivery of such Treasury Bills as shall be required to be transmitted to England', as they shall from time to time receive from the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

Treasury may issue Bills to a certain Extent, to bear Interest.

Bills issued not to exceed 3, 600, oocL.

Bills, if not paid off, dial betaken in Payment Of the Revenue in Ireland after such time as the Treasury shall appoint.

Interest to cease.

Mi ney carried to Irish Confo-lid.ited Fund.

Bills to be chargeable on Consolidated Fund of U.K.

Bank of Ireland and Bank of England may advance the Sum of 3, 6oc, cocl. on the Credit of this Art.

Interest arising in England to he paid into the Bankt'liHclders pjid Principal and Imereit.

Tiarsmitting Treasury Bflls to England,

140 C. 82, 83

A.D. 1817.

13 it 14 G. 3.(1.)

continued.

56 G. 3. c. 89.

180, 196). 9s. 4d. Five per Cents, (landing in the Books of the Bank of England in the Names of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt of Ireland or U.K. declared cancelled from 15th March.

Bank to place the Dividends to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, 36 G. 3. c. 31. and indemnified.

57° GEORGII III.

CAP. LXXKIt.

An Act to continue an Act passed in Ireland in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of His present Majesty respecting certain Annuities, so long as the said Annuities shall be payable.

[10th July 1817.]

WHEREAS an Act was made i# the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of the 4 W Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to explain and amend an Act, passed in this Session of Par-

It ament, intituled An Act for granting Annuities in the manner therein provided, to such Persons as shall voluntarily subscribe towards raising a Sum not exceeding the Sum of Two hundred and sixty five thousand Pounds; 4 which said Act has by several subsequent Acts been continued, and is in force until and upon the Twenty

ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, and it is expedient that the said recited Act should be further continued4* Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act shall be and the fame is hereby further continued, and shall be in force in Ireland from the said Twenty ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, so long as the said Annuities shall be payable, and as the said Act for granting; Annuities or any of the Provisions for the same shall remain in force, and require to be carried into Effect 5 and the said Act for granting Annuities, and the said Act for explaining and amending the same, shall be construed together as one Act.

CAP. LXXXIII.

An Act to amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for providing for the Charge of certain Additions to the Public Debt of Ireland.

[10th July 1817.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to provide for the Charge of certain Additions to the Public Debt of Ireland, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, it was enacted, that the Sum of One million eight hundred fifty two thousand and

seventy two Pounds Five Pounds per Centum Consolidated Annuities, (landing in the Books of the Governor

and Company of the Bank of Ireland in the Names of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt in Ireland, should be cancelled: And Whereas Part of the said Sum of One million

eight hundred fifty two thousand and seventy two Pounds Five Pounds per Centum Annuities, was, at the time of the passing of the said Act, (landing in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England in the Names of the said Commissioners, and it was intended that the fame should be cancelled by the said Act* Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, the Sum of One hundred eighty thousand two hundred ninety six Pounds Nine Shillings and Four Pence Five Pounds per Centum Irish Annuities, (landing in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England in the Names of the late Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt of Ireland, or in the Names of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt of the United Kingdom, shall be cancelled, and the said Sum is hereby declared to be cancelled from the said Twenty fifth Day of March accordingly; and that from and after the said Twenty fifth Day of March the Interest or Dividend which would have been payable upon the said Sum so cancelled shall cease to be issued from the Receipt of the Exchequer in Ireland or in Great Britain, or to be charged upon the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom, and the Money which would have been applicable to the Payment thereof shall remain and be a Part of the growing Produce of the said Consolidated Fund, for the Purpose of defraying the Charge occasioned by any Addition made or to be made to the Public Debt in the present Year.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Governor and Deputy Governor of the Bank of England, and they or either of them are and is hereby authorized and required, to receive all the Arrears of Interest or Dividends now due on the said Annuities, and to place the same to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, raised in their Books under and in virtue of an Act passed in the Twenty sixth Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for vefing certain Sums in Commissioners at the End of every Quarter of the Tear, to be by them applied to the Reduction of the National Debt; and that the said Governor and Deputy Governor of the Bank of England, and their Successors, shall be and they are hereby held harmless^nd indemnified from and against all Claims and Demands of or by any Person or Persons for or by reason or in consequence of the Payments by the said Governor or Deputy Governor of the Bank of England of the Dividends hereinbefore directed to be received; and the said Governor or Deputy Governor of the Bank of England shall not be required to fee to the Application of the said Dividends, nor be in any manner respogfible for the Misapplication prNon^pplication thereof.

A.D. 1817» 57° GEORGII III. C. 84. 141

CAP. LXXXIV.

An Act to regulate the Offices of His Majesty's Exchequer in England Ireland respectively,

fioth July 1817.]

WHEREAS the Offices of Auditors and Tellers of His Majesty's Exchequer in England and Ireland respectively, and of Clerks of the Pells in England and Ireland respectively, are Offices with respect

to which it is expedient that a more economical Execution of the Duties thereof respectively, after the Termination of the present existing Interests therein respectively, should be adopted; May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the several and respective Duties of the several and Duties of certain respective Offices of Auditor, and of each of the Four Tellers of His Majesty's Exchequer and Clerk of the Offices, after Pells in England, and of Auditor and of Teller of His Majesty's Exchequer and Clerk of the Pells in Irer Expiration of land, shall, from and after and upon the respective terminations of the respective present existing Interests in jobe^rformed each of the said Offices respectively, and as each of the said Offices shall become vacant upon the termination jn person.

of such present existing Interests, be regulated under the Provisions of this Act, and thereafter be executed and performed by the several and respective Persons appointed to execute the fame in Person.

II. And be it further enacted, That from time to time as any of such respective Offices shall become va- Treasury to re-

cant upon the present existing Interest or Interests therein, it shall be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer of gulate the Exe-the United Kingdom oi Great Britain and Ireland, or the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of the C

United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for the time being, or any Three or more of them, and they offices, °andap-are hereby authorized and required, to regulate the Duties and Establishments of the Offices so becoming va- point Salaries F cant, so as the said Duties shall be performed in Person by such and such Number of fit and proper Persons as adequate to the may be sufficient and necessary to perform and execute the Duties to be done, performed and executed in the Duties,

laid Offices, as the said Commissioners shall deem fit, with such Salaries or Emoluments as shall be ordered and appointed by the said Commissioners or any Three or more of them hi that Behalf; Regard being had in every such case to the Nature and Extent of the Duties to be performed, and to the Responsibility which may attach or belong to the several and respective Officers or Persons executing the Duties of the said Offices respectively; and all such Regulations, Appointments and Salaries, when so made and established, shall become and be in full force and Effect in relation to the said Offices respectiveljr; any thing contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament, or any Law or Laws, or Usage, Custom or Practice, to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury, or Treasury ro lay

any Three or more of them for the time being, shall within Six Weeks after the Regulation, under the Pro- before Parlia-visions of this Act, of any such Office so becoming vacant as aforesaid, if Parliament shall be then fitting, or went Statement if Parliament shall not be then fitting, then within Six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of °^0* Parliament, f an Account of such new Establishment of the Office so regulated, and all the Regulations above ment 0foffiCe mentioned; with a Statement of the Number of Officers and Amount of Salaries of each respectively, toge- f0 regulated, ther with a Statement of the former Establishment of the Office so regulated. tSiCm

IV. And be it further enacted, That all Sums of Money arising from Salaries, Fees or Emoluments, Savings arising which shall by reason of the Regulation of any such Offices be more than sufficient to apply the Sum of Forty by new Regula* eight thousand Pounds per Annum to the Civil List Revenues, under the Provisions of an Act passed in the tlons of tha last Session of parliament, intituled An Act for the better Regulation of the Civil Lijl> and to defray the Sa-

laries and incidental Charges of the new Establishment of any such Office, shall, by the Orders and Direc- Consoli.f0 tions of the said Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury (which Orders and Directions the dated Fund, said Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them, are hereby 56 G. 3. c. 46 authorized and required to make and give for that Purpose), be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer, and be carried to and make Part of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; any thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted, That every Office and Appointment belonging to and making Part of the Persons belong-Establishment of any of the said Offices respectively, when so regulated as aforesaid, shall be deemed and ingtothefsid taken to be a new Office within the true Intent and Meaning of an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign offices> when of Her late Majesty Queen Anne; and every Person holding any such Office shall be incapable of fitting or rXjllatr"Ca" voting as a Member of the House of Commons; and every such Officer who shall- fit or vote in the House of voting1 as 8 Commons shall be liable and subject to the Penalties and Forfeitures contained in an Act passed in the Fifteenth Members of Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act to exclude certain Officers the House of from being Members of the House of Commons.

VI. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall be appointed to discharge the Duties of the several and respective Offices of Auditor and of Teller of His Majesty's Exchequer and of Clerk of the __________

Pells in England, and of Auditor and Teller of His Majesty's Exchequer, and of Clerk of the Pells in fices to have the Ireland, according to the Establishment of any of the said. Offices respectively to be made in pursuance of fame Interest in this Act, shall be deemed and taken to have the fame Interest in the said Offices as if the fame had been*11^ Offices as if granted by His Majesty's Letters Patent during good Behaviour. Letters Patent-

Commons.

13 G. 2. c. 2Z, Persons appointed to certain Of-

Cap.

142

55 G.3-116.

Corn, ftc. may he imported in any Vessel from any Country till X4th, November. proviso.

[Proviso.]

Com, Sec. ware. housed for F.x-portation only may be entered for Home Cou-fumption.

The like as to Rye Meal ware* housed, &c.

Treasury indemnified for giving 'Directions for the Importation of fufch Articles in Any Veflfcl and from any Country.

'So much of 45 G. 3. C. 18.

9. as enacts that no Cambricks or Lawns, except the Ma-nufacture of G. B. shall be % imported into Ireland, repealed. Duties in Table ((A)paid on Importation into Ireland of Fo-

C. 85, 86. 57° GEORGII III. A.D. 1817.

CAP. LXXXV.

An Act to permit, until the Fourteenth Day of November One thousand eight hundred apt seventeen, the Importation of Corn and other Articles in any Ship and from any Country; ^0 x>ermit such Articles which may have been warehoused for Exportation only to be entered for Honie Consumption; and for indemnifying all Persons whp have given Directions for the Importation of Com and other Articles, or the taking the fame out of Warehouse free of Duty, and who have aGed in obedience thereto.

[10th July 1817.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to allow for a limited time Com, Grain, Meal, Flour and Rice to be imported in any Ship or Vessel from any Country whatever, and that such Articles warehoused for Exportation only should be allowed to be entered for Home Consumption, provided the Ports shall continue*open during such limited time for such Species of Grain, under the Provisions of an AG passed in the*Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend the Laws now in force for regulating the Importation of Corn, and that Rye Meal now warehoused or imported for Exportation Be ' admitted for Entry for Home Consumption Duty free Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this AG, until the Fourteenth Day of November inclusive in this present Year, it shall and may he lawful for any Person or Persons to import Corn, Grain, Meal* Flour and Rice in any Ship or Vessel from any Country whatever, any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary thereof notwithstanding: Provided always, that the Importation of Grain shall during the aforesaid Period continue to be legal, 'under the Provisions of the aforesaid AG passed in the Fifty fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said pamng of this AG, until the said Fourteenth Day of November inclusive in this present Year, any Com, Grain, Meal, Flour and Rice which may have been warehoused for Exportation only may be entered for Home Consumption provided the Ports shall continue open until the aforesaid Fourteenth Day of November for such Species of Corn respectively, under the Provisions of the aforesaid AG passed in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty.'

III. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this' AG, and until the Fourteenth Day of November inclusive in this present Year, any Rye Meal which may have been warehoused or imported for Exportation only may be admitted to Entry for Home Consumption Duty free.

IV. And Whereas the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland have thought it expedient to give Directions for the Importation of the aforesaid ' Articles in any Ship or Vessel, and faom any Country whatever; and that such of the aforesaid Articles as*may have been warehoused for Exportation only be entered'for Home Consumption, agreeably to the*Provisions of the aforesaid AG pdfled in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and that Rye .Meal warehoused or imported for Exportation may be admitted to Entry Duty free 5*and it is expedient that such Proceeding should he fanGioned by Parliament, and that all Persons*issuing, giving or advising such Directions, or concerned in the issuing, giving, or advising any such Directions, c and also all Persons aGing under or in pursuance thereof, should be respectively indemnified Be it therefore enacted, That all Persons issuing, giving or advising any such Directions as aforesaid, or concerned in the issuing, giving or advising any such Directions, and also all Persons aGing or who may aG under or in pursuance of the said Directions, shall be and they are hereby indemnified for and on account of the fame, and of any AG, Matter or thing done in pursuance of, or in obedience to, or in conformity with such Directions as aforesaid, as fully and effectually to all Intents ard Purposes whatever as if the fame Directions had been given, and such AGs, Matters-and things had been done in pursuance of any Act or Acts of Parliament.

CAP. LXXXVI.

An Act to permit the Importation of Foreign Cambricks and Lawns into Ireland, on Payment of the like Duties as are dhargeable in Great Britain.

[10th July 1817.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the Importation of Foreign Cambricks and Lawns into Ireland should be permitted under the like Duties as are payable on the Importation thereof into Great Britain; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Eleventh Day of August One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, so much of an AG made in the Forty fifth Year of Hrs present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for granting to His Majesty, until the Twenty ffth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and Jixy certain Rates and Duties, and to allow certain Drawbacks and Bounties, upon Goods, IVares and Merchandise imported into and exported from Ireland, in lieu of former Rates and Duties, Drawbacks and Bounties as enaGs that no Cambricks or Lawns except of the Manufacture of Great Britain shall be imported into Ireland, shall be and the fame is herebyr repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Eleventh Day of August One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid, unto His Majesty, His Heirs and Successor^ upon the Importation into Ireland of any Foreign Cambricks and Lawns, the several and respective

Duties

A.D. 1817. 57° GEORGlI III. c. 86, 87. 143

Duties of Customs inserted, described and set forth in the Table hereunto annexed marked (A.), and that the reign Cambricks fame shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of the Customs and Port Duties in Ireland. 40(1

III. And be it further enacted, That all Monies which shall from time to time arise from the said Duties, Duties carried to the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the fame being deducted, shall be carried to and shall bt Confohdaied made Part of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

IV. And be it further enacted, That on the Exportation from Ireland of any Foreign Cambricks or Lawns Drawbacks in so imported, and on which the Duties imposed by this Act shall have been fully paid-and satisfied, there shall Table (A.) on be allowed and paid such Drawbacks as sure inserted, described and set forth in Figures in the said Table CambricJuand marked (A.), to this Act annexed, under and subject to all such Rules, Regulations and Restrictions as jJwns.C Drawbacks of the like Nature are payable by virtue of any Act or Acts in force in Ireland.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said Duties and Drawbacks shall be managed, ascertained, raised, Duties and levied, collected, paid, allowed and recovered, in such and the like manner as any Duties of Customs of a like Drawbacks bow. Nature in Ireland are managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, paid and recovered, and under and subject levle<i 4X1(1 Paid* to the several Powers, Conditions, Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Penalties and Forfeitures, of any Ad or

Acts of Parliament now in force, in relation to or made for securing the Revenue of Customs in Ireland; and all Pains, Penalties, Fines and Forfeitures, for any Offences whatever, again! or in breach of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force on or immediately before the passing of this Act, made for securing the Revenue of Customs in Ireland, or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof, and the several Clauses, Powers and Directions therein contained, shall be in full Force and Effect as to the said Duties and Drawbacks, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if they were at large repeated and reenacted in this Act.

TABLE (A.) to which this Act refers.

A TABLE of the Duties of Customs payable on the Importation into Ireland of Foreign Cambricks and Lawns, and of the Drawbacks on the Exportation thereof.

DUTY. DRAWBACK.

British Currency. Briulh Currency.

CAMBRICKS and LAWNS commonly called French Lawns, plain, the g£. /. d. £ s. d.

Piece, not exceeding Eight Yards in Length, and not exceeding Seven eighths of a Yard in Breadth - - — 11 6 — 4 —

Exceeding Eight Yards in Length or exceeding Seven eighths of a Yard in Breadth, the Piece, and in that Proportion for a greater or less Quantity - — 14 4l — 5 —

LAWNS Silelia, and all other Lawns, plain, (except Cambricks and French Lawns) not bleached in Holland, the Piece, not exceeding Eight Y ards in Length - 00 r- 1 — 28

Silelia and all other Lawns, plain, (except Cambricks and French

Lawns) bleached in Holland, the Piece, not exceeding Eight Yards in Length — 97 — 3 4

CAP. LXXXVII.

An Act to amend Two Acts passed in the Forty fifth. Year of His present Majesty, and in the last Session of Parliament, for the making more effectual Provision for the Prevention of Smuggling.

[10th July 1817 ]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Fifty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty for, among! other Things, the making more effectual Provision for the Prevention of Smuggling, and rewarding Officers and Person6 making Seizures and capturing Smuggling Vessels, it is enacted, that all Foreign Brandy, Rum, Geneva and other Spirits which shall be seized by any Officer or Officers of His Majesty's Army, Navy or Marines, or Officer acting urder the Orders of the Lord High Admiral, or of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom of Great Britain or Ireland, or under the Orders of the Commissioners of Customs or Excise in England, Scotland or Ireland respectively, or by Officers on Half Pay, Military or Naval, authorized as in the said Act mentioned, at Sea or on Shore, or having been unshipped or landed without Payment of His Majesty's Duties of Customs or Excise, payable on the lawful Importation of such Spirits respectively, shall after the Seizure thereof be lodged with the proper Officer of Excise, and secured, and gauged, and taken, and kept Account of, and after the Condemnation thereof respectively upon Prosecution thereof, by Order of the Commissioners of Excise, shall be forthwith conveyed to such respective Places as are mentioned or provided in an Act made in the Forty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the more effectual Prevention of Smuggling, and there redistilled under the Orders of the Commissioners of Excise,

for

56 G. 3. c. IC4. §16.

45 G. 3. c.ni. §13.

144 C. 87.

57° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1817.

toms, &c. to be secured under the Provisions of the recited Acts of

45 G. 3. c. 121. and

47 G. 3. SelT. 2. c. 66.

Commissioners of Customs to direct Payment of Rewards, subject to Orders of l^reasury.

Seizures by Officers of Excise, fee. to de delivered over to proper Officer and prosecuted, and Commissioners of Excise to direct Payment of Re-

for the Purpose of making the same of a proper Import Strength, and shall afterwards be sold or otherwise

47 G. 3. Seffi a.«disposed of as directed by the said Act; and by another Act made in the Forty seventh Year of the

c'* ' Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to male more ejfcftxal Provision for the Prevention of

*Smuggling; and by this Act, under the Orders of the Commissioners of Excise s And Whereas it is

expedient that so much of the said recited Act should be altered as herein after mentioned; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the

Seizures by Offi- fame, That from and after the passing of this Act, all and every Seizure and Seizures made by any Officer cers of the Cuf- or Officers of Customs, or of His Majesty's Navy, or acting under the Orders of the Lord High Admiral or of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral aforesaid (not being an Officer or Officers of His Majesty's Army or Marines, or any Military or Naval Officer on Half Pay, or any Officer or Person employed in the Smuggling Preventive Boat Service, either separately or jointly with any other Person or Persons whatsoever, except an Officer of Excise, or an Officer of His Majesty's Army or Marines, or any Military or Naval Officer on Half Pay, or any Officer or Perfod employed in the Smuggling Preventive Boat Service), shall be lodged and secured under the Provisions of the said Acts made in the said Forty fifth and Forty seventh Years of His Majesty's Reign, and be disposed of or prosecuted for Condemnation, by Order and under the Directions of the Commissioners of Customs; and that such Commissioners shall be authorized to direct and pay all Rewards for the making of every such Seizure and Seizures, and of all Costs and Expenfcs relating thereto, in the same manner as if so much of the Act hereinbefore recited had not been made; any thing in the said Act to the contrary thereof notwithstanding; subject nevertheless to any special Order and Directions touching the Distribution of any such Reward or Rewards which shall be given by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or any Three of them, to such Commissioners of Customs, before such Distribution has been made.

II. And for obviating Doubts touching the Seizures to which the further Rewards granted by the said recited Act in lieu of the Rewards then payable, and the said recited Provisions of the said Act, do or shall

extend* Be it declared and enacted, That such Seizures only as shall be made for any Offence against any Law or Laws of Customs or Excise passed for the Prevention of Smuggling, and where the Person or Persons engaged or concerned therein is or are by any such Law or Laws liable, if a British Subject, to Arrest and Detention, shall be deemed and taken to be Seizures in respect of which the further Rewards directed by the said recited Act shall extend and apply, and be payable and paid; and that all Spirits so seized for any such Offence as aforesaid, and the Ships and other Vessels, Carts and other Carriages, Horses and other Cattle, seized therewith or on account thereof, except by any Customs Officer or Officers, or any Officer or Officers of His Majesty's Navy, or acting under the Orders of the Lord High Admiral, or of the Commissioners

wards, subject to for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral aforesaid, either separately or jointly with any other Person - 1 or Persons, not being an Excise Officer, or an Officer of His Majesty's Army or Marines, or any Military

or Naval Officer on Half Pay, or any Officer or Person employed in the Smuggling Preventive Boat Service as aforesaid, shall be delivered over to and lodged with the proper Officer of Excise, and be disposed of or prosecuted to Condemnation by Order of the Commissioners of Excise, as directed by the said recited Act of the Fifty sixth Year aforesaid; and such Commissioners shall be authorized to direct and pay all Rewards for the making of every such Seizure and Seizures, except as aforesaid, and of all Costs and Expences relating thereto, subject nevertheless to any special Order and Direction touching the Distribution of any such Reward or Rewards which shall be given by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or any Three of them, to such Commissioners of Excise, before such Distribution has been made.

III. And Whereas by the said Act it is enacted, that One Half Part of all such Rewards as aforesaid,

after Deduction of all Costs and Expences, shall be paid by the Commissioners of Customs or Excise re*.

spectively by whom the Prosecution shall be directed, to such Officer or Officers or other Person or Persons who shall be entitled to the fame, immediately upon the Condemnation of any such Seizure, and the other Half Part thereof upon the Account or Accounts relating to such Seizure being finally made up and adjusted 5 and that all Costs and Expences attending the Seizure, Detention, Custody, Removal, Prosecution,

Condemnation and Sale of any Ship, Boat or other Vessel, Carriage, Horse, Cattle, Goods, Wares or Merchandize respectively forfeited under any Law or Laws of Customs or Excise, shall, except in the cases herein after mentioned, be paid out of the gross Proceeds arising from the Sale of such Seizure, whenever such Goods, Wares or Merchandize respectively are fold; and in case any such Goods, Wares or Merchandize shall not be sold, but be destroyed or otherwise disposed of by any Order of the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, or any Three of them as aforesaid, all such Costs and Expences shall be paid out of His Majesty's Share of Customs or Excise Seizures which shall or may be seized or condemned: And Whereas it is expedient that the whole of such Rewards as aforesaid should, for the greater Encouragement of the Officers and Persons employed so» the Prevention of Smuggling, be paid imme-x diately upon the Condemnation of any such Seizure as aforesaid; Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, the whole of the Rewards granted by the said Act of the Fifty sixth Year afore-demnation of the faij shall, immediately on the Condemnation of any fudh Seizure as aforesaid, be paid as aforesaid, upon the diZU/r*aftCr Value of every such Seizure to be estimated or fixed in the manner directed by the said Act with respect to Cent, for Ex-PCr ^°0(ls, Wares and Merchandize, after deducting from such estimated Value the Sum of Ten Pounds per pences. Centum for the Expences attending and occasioned by such Seizure and Condemnation.

Provisions of

IV. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Provisions, Clauses, Powers, Authorities, Ex-eueuded tot>1r eruptions, Privileges, Protestions, matters and things contained in the said Act of the Fifty sixth Year aforee 0 6* said

Orders of Treasury.

56 G. 3. 0.104, § xo.

§n.

The whole of the Rewards payable under 56 G.3 c. 104. §10, 11. to be immediately paid on Con

A.D. 1817« 57° GEORGII III. C. 87. 145

said respecting or relating to Officers of the Army or Navy on Half Pay, shall extend and be applied to, and font appointed be had, 11 fed and exercised by such Person and Persons as may be authorized and appointed by any Warrant by Treasury or or other instrument to Be granted by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three of them, or by the Commissioners of Cuiloms or Excise in England, Scotland or Ireland, to make such Seizures as are or to1* in the said Act mentioned, and who shall be employed to act in or with the Boat Service established for the mtke Seizures. Prevention of Smuggling, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the fame were repeated and re-enacted with respect to such Person and Persons in this Act.

V. And Whereas by an Act made in the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the 45 0.3. c.i*i.

more effectual Prevention of Smuggling, it is enacted, that every Person Being a Subject of His Majesty, §7*

who shall be found or taken on board, or discovered to have been on board any Ship, Vessel or Boat liable to

Forfeiture under any of the Provisions of that Act, or liable to Forfeiture under the Provisions of any other

Act or Acts, for being found or having been at Anchor, or hovering within any fych Distances of any of < the Dominions of His Majesty, with such Goods on board as subject such Ship, Vessel or Boat, or Goods to Forfeiture, and who shall not prove that he was only a Passenger on board such Ship, Vessel or Boat)

and every Person found aiding or allifting in unshipping to be laid on Land, or found carrying, conveying,

concealing or assisting in the carrying away, conveying or concealing any Foreign Brandy, Rum, Geneva

or Spirits subject to Forfeiture under that Act, or any Law or Act relating to the Revenue of Customs or Excise in the United Kingdom, shall forfeit for every such Offence, either Treble the Value of the Goods that shall be found or taken from such Person or Persons, or the Sum of One hundred Pounds, at the Option and subject to the Election and Discretion of the Commissioners of Customs or Excise respectively,

who shall direct any Prosecution or Suit to be commenced against any such Person, such Penalty of Treble the Value, or of One hundred Pounds, as the case may be, to be recovered as any like Penalty may be recovered under any Act or Acts relating to the Revenue of Customs or Excise in the United Kingdom, and that One Half of every such Penalty of Treble Value or of One hundred Pounds shall go and be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons finding and taking and detaining such Person, or informing for the fame, and that such Person shall also be liable to such other Punishment as may by any Law or Act of

Parliament be infiifted on any such Offender 5 and that it shall be lawful for any Officer or Officers of the Army, Navy, Marines, Customs or Excise, and he and they is and are thereby authorized, empowered and required to Hop, arrest, and detain every such Person being a Subject of His Majesty, and to convey

the said Person before One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace residing near to the Port or

Place into which such Ship, Vessel or Boat shall be taken or carried, or near to the Place where any such Person shall be so taken or arrested 5 and it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices of the Peace, and be and they is and are thereby required, upon Proof on Oath by One or more credible Witness or Witnessea that such Person was so found or taken or discovered as aforesaid, unless any such Person found or taken,

4 or having been on board of any such Ship, Vessel or Boat, shall prove to the Satisfaction of such Justice that he was only a Passenger on board such Ship, Vessel or Boat, to hold such Person to Bail, with Two good and sufficient Sureties in the Sum of One hundred Pounds each, for the Appearance of such Person to answer to any Indictment or Information that may be brought against him in that Beb^ff, and to pay such Penalty and abide any Judgment for any such Offence 5 and in default of any such Person finding such good and sufficient Bail as aforesaid, or until the same shall be found, to commit such Person to any Gaol or Prison or House of Correction to answer as aforesaid: Provided nevertheless, that if any such Person so found or discovered and taken as aforesaid shall be capable and desirous of entering and ierving as a Seaman or Marine in any of His Majesty's Ships of War, it shall be lawful for the Officer or Officers of the Army, Navy or Marines, or of the Customs or Excise, bj whom such Person was taken, arrested and detained as aforesaid, or for any Justice of the Peace or Magistrate before whom any such Person may be carried, and such Officer and Officers is and are thereby authorized, empowered and required, instead of taking such Person before any Justice or Magistrate, and such Justice or Magistrate is thereby autho»

rized, instead of holding any such Person to Bail, to carry and convey or cause to be carried or conveyed such Person on board any of His Majesty's Ships of War, in order to his being entered and received as a 4 Seaman or Marine: And Whereas it is expedient, for the more speedy Conviction and Punishment of all such Offenders as aforesaid, that such Justice and Justices as aforesaid Should respectively have Power and Authority to hear and determine forthwith any Information against any such Person or Persons arrested under the said recited or any other Act or Acts of Customs or Excise for the Prevention of Smuggling,

without any previous Commitment of such Person as aforesaid to Prison Be it therefore enacted, That Persons found it shall and may be lawful to and for any such Justice or Justices of the Peace before whom any such Person on board Smug-so arrested as aforesaid, being a Subject of His Majesty, and not being fit and able to serve His Majesty in gl>ng Vessels, an<! His Naval Service, shall be carried, on the Confession of any such Pfcrfon of any such Offence as aforesaid?/*£.*

with which he may be charged in any Information or Complaint to be then and there laid or exhibited by Navy, top*y any Officer of Customs or Excise against him, or on Proof thereof on the Oath of One or more credible down the Penal* Witness or Witnesses, to convict such Person in such Penalty respectively as aforesaid 5 and every such Per-y on Conviction foil so convicted as aforesaid shall immediately on such Conviction pay down into the Hands of such Officer be*°re*Justict, the said Penalty in which he or she shall be so convicted; and if any such Person or Persons so convicted shall not forthwith pay down the said Penalty, the said Justice or Justices shall and he and they is and are of Payment, hereby respectively authorized and required, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, to commit the '

Person so convicted as aforesaid to any Gaol or Prison or House of Correction until such Penalty shall be paid.

57 Geo. III. U VI. And

v^»

Offenders able to serve in the Navy may be carried on board a King's Ship in ordAr to be »m-pressed.

45 G* 3* c.iai.

§7-

Escaping or deferring;

Proceedings. Reward to Officer, See. arresting such Person.

Justices not to accept Bail.

Condemnation of Seizures to be proceeded in, though the Owners of the Goods do not appear. Proclamation.

Judgments valid as if Owners of Goods, &c. had been fumtnoned.

Penalties of Treble the Value of the Goods, how to be estimated.

Obstruction

Officers,

Penalty loci.

To prevent Drawbacks on Goods of unmerchantable Quality.

VI. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where any Person liable to be arrested under any of the A&8 made for the Prevention of Smuggling shall be fit and able to serve His Majesty in His Naval Service, and liable under the said Acts or any of them to be impressed into such Service, every such Person so arrested shall be taken before such Justice or Justices as aforesaid, and shall, upon such Proof as by the said Act of the Forty fifth Year aforesaid or any other A & is required, be committed by such Just ice or Justices to Prison, to answer such Information and abide such Judgment as may be thereon given against him in that behalf; and that it shall and may be lawful for the Gaoler or Keeper of any Prison or House of Correction in which such Person shall be so imprisoned, or for any Officer of Customs or Excise, on the Order of the Commissioners of Customs or Excise respectively directing the Prosecution to such Gaoler or Keeper and Officer respectiveljr, to carry and convey or cause to be earned or conveyed any such Person on board of any of His Majesty* 8 Ships of War, in order to his being impressed into His Majesty's Naval Service; and if such Person shall at any time or times after any such Commitment as aforesaid, and before the Expiration of Five Years from the time of his Arrest, escape or desert from or leave such Custody or Service, he shall, over and beside all Punishment to which he shall be subject for such Desertion, be liable to be at any time or times afterwards again arrested and imprisoned or delivered over as aforesaid: Provided always, that every Officer or other Person who shall arrest any such Person or Persons as aforesaid, so that he shall be so convicted or committed to Prison as aforesaid, shall be entitled to and shall thereupon have and receive the like Reward as if such Person or Persons were delivered by him over to and impressed into His Majety,'s Naval Service; and provided, that no such Justice or Justices shall accept or receive any Bail for any such Person so arrested; who shall be fit and able to serve His Majesty in His Naval Service, or liable under all or any of the said Acts to be impressed into such Service; any thing in any other A & or A 6U to the*contrary thereof notwithstanding.

VII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, in all cases where any Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Boats, Carriages, Horses or Cattle shall be seized as forfeited under any Law or Laws of His Majesty* Customs or Excise, and no Person or Persons shall appear to the Officer or Officers who made such Seizure to claim the fame, if such Seizure shall happen to be made out of the Limits of the Chief Office of Excise in London, it shall and may be lawful for the Officer or Officers who shall make such Seizure or Seizures to cause public Notice to be given by Proclamation at the next Market Town to the Place or Places where such Seizure or Seizures shall have been made, upon the Market Day next after the Expiration of 8ix Days from the time of such Seizure or Seizures respectively, of the Day and Place when and where the Justice or Justices of the Peace will proceed to hear the matter of such Seizure or Seizures, and of Condemnation of the Goods so seized as aforesaid, in which case it shall and may be lawful for the said Justices to proceed to examine into the Cause of such Seizure or Seizures, and to give Judgment for the Condemnation of such Goods, and of the Casks, Vessels, or other Package or Packages containing the fame, and of the Boat or Boats, Cart or Carts, or other Carriage or Carriages, Horse or Horses, or Cattle seized as aforesaid, as upon due Examination shall appear to be forfeited; which Judgments shall be as good, valid, and effectual in the Law to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever as if the respective Owner or Owners thereof^ or Person or Persons in whose Custody the fame was or were at the respective time or times of the Seizure thereof, had been respectively summoned to attend the said Justices.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That wherever by any Law or Laws now in force relating to His Majesty* Revenue of Customs or Excise, a Penalty of Treble the Value of the Goods is imposed upon any Offender or Offenders, such Offender or Offenders shall severally forfeit and lose for every such Offence the Sum of One hundred Pounds, or Treble the Value of the Goods, to be estimated and taken according to and at the Rate and Rates, Price and Prices, which the best Goods, Wares, Merchandizes and Commodities of the like Sorts, Kinds and Denominations, and for which the Duty or Duties thereon have been paid, were sold at the time of such Seizure, at the Election of His Majesty* Attorney General, or the Person or Persons who shall sue or prosecute for the fame 5 and that no such Penalty shall be mitigated by any Justice or Justices below One fourth Part thereof $ any thing in any other Act or Act« to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

IX. And Whereas further Provision is necessary for the Prote&ioo of Officers in the Execution of their

Duty, be it therefore enacted, That if any Officer or Officers, or other Person or Persons in the said Act of the Fifty firtth Year aforesaid or this Act mentioned, or other Person or Persons acting in their Aid or Assistance, being on Shore or going on board, or being on board or returning from on board any Ship, Boat or Vessel liable to Search under any Law or Laws now in force relating to His Majesty's Revenue of Customs or Excise, shall be hindered, opposed, molested or obstructed in the due Execution of his or their Office or Duty by any Person or Persons whatsoever, every Person or Persons so hindering, opposing, molesting, or obstructing such Officer or Officers, or other Person or Persons in the due Execution or his or their Office or Duty, or so hindering, opposing, molesting or obstruling any other Person or Persons acting in their or any of their Aid or Assistance, and also every Person and Persons aiding and assisting any such Person or Persons in the Commission of any such Offence, shall forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

X. And Whereas large Quantities of Goods, on the Exportation of which as Merchandize a Drawback Or 1 Drawbacks of Excise are payable, have been packed and shipped for Exportation on Drawback of so bad

and unmerchantable a Quality as to be of little or no Value, and have been, so shipped and exported for the«Purpose only of obtaining such Drawback, to the great Injury of His Majesty's Revenue for Remedy whereof be it enacted, That no Drawback or Drawbacks of Excise shall be paid or payable upon any Goods, Wares or Merchandize packed or shipped for Exportation, which shall be of so bad and unmerchantable a Quality as not to be worth or of the Value at the lead of the Duty or Duties of Excise chargeable or fwora

or

A.D. 1817.

57° GEORGII III.

.87.

J47

or Rated in the Notice of shipping such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, required by the said Act of the Fifty sixth Year aforesaid to have been paid thereon, if fold for Home Consumption 5 and that in such Notice as aforesaid as well the Rate and Amount of the Duty or Duties paid on the Goods, Wares or Merchandize therein mentioned, as of the Drawback or Drawbacks claimed to be payable on the Exportation thereof, and the Value of Mb Goods, Wares and Merchandize, if fold for Home Confuroption, shall be Rated and made Part of the Description of such Goods, Wares and Merchandize; any thing contained in any other Act or Acts to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XI. And be it further enacted, That in every case where a Notice of shipping any Goods, Wares or Merchandize for Exportation on Drawback shall be given, it shall be lawful for any Officer or Officers of Excise to open any or all of the Package or Packages mentioned or described in such Notice, and unpack and examine the Contents thereof, and that the Exporter or Exporters thereof shall, on the RequeR of such Officer or Officers, repack such Goods (unless he, she or they shall choose to receive "back such Goods unpacked) in the Presence of a proper Officer or Officers of Excise, in order that the fatfie may be secured and sealed as by Law is required for Goods packed for Exportation on Drawback, he, she or they being afterwards allowed and paid by the Commissioners of Excise the reasonable Expence of such repacking, and shall either forthwith ship the fame under the before mentioned Notice, or give ar fresh Notice for that purpose, as the Occasion may require, and as required by the said Act.

XII. And be it further enacted, That, if upon Notice being given for shipping any Goods, Wares or Merchandize for Exportation upon Drawback any other Goods or Packages than Rich as are mentioned or described in such Notice shall be shipped as and for such Goods or Packages mentioned or described in such Notice, or if any of the Packages or Goods mentioned or described ia such Notice shall, after the Shipment thereof be returned into or relanded in Great Britain, (Shipwreck and other inevitable Accident excepted, ) without Payment of the Duty or Duties imposed upon the Importation of Goods of the like Kind, all such Goods, with the Packages containing the fame, and the Ship, Boat or Vessel from which the same shall be unshipped, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise; and the Person or Persons so offending or aiding or affiRing therein shall for each and every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, or Treble the Value of such Goods, at the Election of His Majesty's Attorney General, or the Person or Persons who shall sue and prosecute for the fame 5 and such Penalty shall be in addition to the Penalty of the Bond given on the Shipment of any of such Goods for Exportation, and over and besides all other Forfeitures and Penalties whatsoever.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this Act, or by the said recited Act of the Fifty sixth Year of His present Majesty, shall be sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated by such Ways, Means or Methods (except as herein specially altered) as any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture may be sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated by any Law or Laws now in force, or by Aftkm of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively 5 and that One Moiety of every such Fine, penalty or Forfeiture shall be to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them who shall inform, discover or sue for the same.

XIV. And Whereas by an Act passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the FirR, intituled An Act to prevent the clandestine running of Goods, and the Danger of Infection thereby, and to prevent Ships breaking their Quarantine, and to subject Copper Ore of the Production of the British Plantations, to such Regulations as other enumerated Commodities of the like Production are subject it is enacted, That if any boat, Whetry, Pinnace, Barge or Galley rowing or made or built to row with more than Four Oars, shall be found upon the Water, or in any Barge-House, Work-house, Shed or other Place within any of the Counties of Middlesex, Surrey, Kent, Effete or in the River of Thames, either above or below London Bridge, or wRhin the Limits of the Ports ot London, Sandwich, or Ipswich, or the Members or Creeks to them or either of them respectively belonging, such Boat, Wherry, Pinnace, Barge or Galley, with all her Tackle and Furniture, or the Value thereof, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the CuRoms, and the Owner or Owners thereof, or any Person using or rowing in such Boat, Wherry, Pinnace, Barge or Galley, shall also forfeit and lose the Sum of Forty Pounds 2 And whereas it is expedient to make further Provision to prevent the Use of such Boats, Wherries, Pinnaces, Barges or Gallies rowing or made or built to row with more than Four Oars Be it therefore further enacted, That the Owner or Owners or any Person using or rowing in such Boat, Wherry, Pinnace, Barge or Galley found within the Counties and Places aforesaid, shall forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds, instead of the Penalty of Forty Pounds by the before-recited Act.

XV. And be it further enacted, That if any Boat, Wherry, Pinnace, Barge or Galley rowing or made or built to row with more than Four Oars, belonging wholly or in part to His Majesty's Subjects, or whereof One half of the Persons on board shall be Subjects of His Majesty, shall be found in any Part of the British or Irish Channels, or elsewhere on the High Seas, within One hundred Leagues of any Part of the CoaRs of Great Britain or Ireland, or shall be discovered to have been within the said Limits, such Boat, Wherry, Pinnace, Barge or Galley, with all her Tackle and Furniture, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of His Majesty's Navy or Marines, or of the CuRoms or Excise; and the Owner or Owners thereof, or any Person using or rowing in such Boat, Wherry, Pinnace, Barge or Galley, shall also forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds: Provided always, that this Act shall not extend or be confirued to extend to any Barge or Galley belonging to or to belong to His Majesty or any of the Royal Family, or to any Boat, Wherry, Pinnace, Barge or Galley belonging to and used in the Service of any Merchant Ship or Vessel, or belonging to any Ship or Vessel in the Service of His Majesty's Navy,


56 G. 3. c. 104. §15.

Noice of shipping Goods, what to contain.

Packages of Goods for Exportation on Drawback may be opened to examine the Contents. Expences of repacking repaid.

Where other Goods shipped than those mentioned in Notice, or if Goods shipped be again retarded without Payment of Duty,

[Penalty.]

Penalties how recovered and applied.

8 G. 1. c. 18.3-

Using Boats with more than Four Oars in the Places herein mentioned. Penalty.

Boats of the like Defciiptioti found in any Part of the British or Irish Channels, Sec. to be forfeited, and

Penalty tool. Proviso for certain Vaffels of the Royal Family, Navy, See,

Penalties how to he prosecuted.

47 G.3. SefEa.*

c. 66. §5.

hoc to extend to ihuare rigged Vessel*.

56 O.3. c. 104. §*3-

Commissioners of the Customs may grant Licence to Vessels though not at tit Port to which they belong.

Sureties in cases of Licence to make Oath of their Sufficiency.

Commissioners of the Customs may grant Deputations to Person? not Officers to make Seizures of Goods, See. specified in Deputation.

Such Persons liable, &c. as Officers,

56 G. 3. c. 104.

§*0.

C. 87. 57° GEORGII III. A.D. 1817.

Victualling, Ordnance, Customs, Excise or Post Office, nor to any Boat, Wherry, Pinnace, Barge or Galley whatsoever, the Owner of which shall have a Licence from the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs in England, Scotland or Ireland respectively, or any Three of them for the time being.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the several last mentioned Forfeitures and Penalties in this Act mentioned shall and may be prosecuted and determined by Bill, Plaint or Information iiiany of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer at Edinburgh respectively.

XVII. And Whereas oy an Act passed in the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to make more eJjfcQual Provision for the Prevention of Smugglings it is enacted, that no Ship, Vessel or Boat belonging in the whole or in part to His Majesty's Subjects, or whereof One half of the Persons on board shall J>e Subjects of His Majesty, and not being a Lugger, and at the time fitted and rigged as such, shall have on board or be navigated by a greater Number of Men (Officers and Boys included) 4 than in certain Proportions to the Number of Tons of her Measurement, or if a Lugger, also in certain Proportions; and that in case any such Ship, Vessel, or Boat shall be found or discovered to have been within certain Limits or Distances of the United Kingdom, having on board any greater Number of Men than in such Proportions, every such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, and all her Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel shall be forfeited: And whereas the Object of the above in part recited Clause was to prevent Vessel- engaged in illicit Practices from having a greater Number of Men than was necessary for their Navigation, which Excess enabled them the better to carry on such illicit Proceedings; and as it is expedient that squarerigged Vessels should not be so restricted, in order that a greater Opportunity may be afforded for the Employment of Seamen of the United Kingdom; be it therefore enacted, That nothing in the said recited Clause shall extend or be construed to extend to forfeit any Ship or Vessel which shall be square rigged, by reason of any Man or Men exceeding the aforesaid Proportions.

XVIII. And Whereas by the aforesaid recited Act, passed in the Fifty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, it is required that the Owner or Owners of any Ship, Vessel or Boat requiring a Licence shall give the necessary Security for the fame, at the Port to which such Ship, Vessel or Boat shall belong, and no other: And whereas it may happen that such Ship, Vessel or Boat may not be at the Port to which (he is to belong at the time when a Licence and Security shall become necessary be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs in England, Scotland or Ireland, or any Three or more of them respectively, in such cases, on Proof to their Satisfaction that the Master or Owner of such British Vessel or Boat really and bond side intends to proceed without Delay (Wind and Weather permitting) to the Port at which she belongs, or is intended to belong, to grant a Certificate to such Master or Commander of such Ship, Vessel or Boat, of such Proof having been given, by virtue of which Certificate such Ship, Vessel or Boat, shall not be liable to Seizure on account of not being licensed, so long as such Ship, Vessel or Boat shall be in due Course of her Voyage (Wind and Weather permitting) to the Port at which she belongs or is intended to belong.

XIX. And Whereas it is required that the Persons who are to become Security shall be Persons approved by the Collector and Comptroller of the Customs sufficient and responsible, and it is expedient to require further Satisfaction as to such Sufficiency and ResponAbility Be it therefore further enacted, That the Persons who are intended to become Security, shall make Oath before the Collector and Comptroller of the Customs (who are hereby authorized to administer the same), that they are respectively possessed of sufficient Property to answer and pay the Sum for which they intend to become Security.

XX. And Whereas it is expedient, for the more effectual Execution of the Laws now in force or hereafter to be made for the Benefit of His Majesty's Revenue of Customs, and the Suppression of Smuggling, that the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs should be empowered to grant their Deputations to any such Person c or Persons as they may think fit, although he or they may not hold any specific Office under the said Revenue,

authorizing him or them to make Seizures of any Wine, Spirituous Liquors, Tea or Tobacco, or any prohibited East India or French Goods, or any other Goods specified in such Deputation, which may be subject to Seizure under any Law or Laws relating to the Revenue of Customs or Excise respectively, or any Vessel,

Boat, Horse, Cattle or Carriage used or employed in the Importation or Removal of such prohibited or run Goods 5' be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs in England, or any Four or more of them for the time being, or for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs in Scotland, or any Three or more of them for the time being, to grant their Deputation to any Person or Persons to make Seizures of Wine, Spirituous Liquors, Tea or Tobacco, or any prohibited East India or French Goods, or any other Goods specified in such Deputation, which may be subject to Seizure under any Law or Laws relating to the Revenue of Customs or Excise respectively, or any Vessel, Boat, Horse, Cattle or Carriage used or employed in the Importation or Removal of such prohibited or run Goods, although such Person or Persons shall not hold or be appointed to any Office or Offices of the Customs at any specific Port or Place; and such Person or Persons so deputed shall and may make such Seizures in like manner as any Officer or Officers of the Customs; and such Person or Persons shall be subject to the like Penalties as (Officers of the Customs; and all Seizures made by such Person or Persons so deputed shall be sued for, prosecuted, and recovered by the like Means* Ways and Methods as any Seizuretmade by Officers of the Customs or Excise may by any Law or Laws now in force be sued for, prosecuted and recovered.

XXI. And Whereas by the aforesaid Act passed in the Fifty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, it is enacted, that from and after the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, every Ship or Vessel belonging in the Whole or in any Part to any of His Majesty's Subjects, whereof One Half of the Persons on board are Subjects of His said Majesty, and being a square rigged Ship or Vessel of

A.D. 1817. 57° GEORGII III. C. 87, 88, 89. .149

4 of the Burthen of Two hundred Tons and upwards, the Difference of whose Draught of Water forward and aft*shall exceed One Inch and One Quarter of an Inch for every Foot of the Breadth of such Ship or Vessel, such Draught of Water to be ascertained by a straight Line along the Rabbit of the Keel, adding to such Draught of Water«forward and aft the Depth of the Main Keel in the Middle of the said Ship or Vesselon the Outside, and the Draught of Water to be taken when the said Ship or Vessel, whether light or loaded, shall be in Sailing Trim, which shall be found in the Limits of any Port of this Kingdom, or within any Part of the British or Irish Channels, or* elsewhere within One hundred Leagues of the Coast of this Kingdom, for which a Licence shall not have been procured from the Commissioners of Customs for navigating the fame, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of His Majesty's Army, Navy or Marines, or of the Customs or Excise: And whereas it is expedient that the said last in part recited Act should be repealed, and other Provisions made be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this Vessel of the Act, every Ship or Vessel belonging in the Whole or in Part to any of His Majesty's Subjects, or whereof Description One Half of the Persons on board aire Subjects of His said Majesty, (not beinga square rigged Ship or Vessel aund^ith of the Burthen of Two hundred Tons or upwards, ) the Difference of whose Draught of Water forward and ^Licence" aft shall exceed One Inch and One Quarter of an Inch for every Foot of the Breadth of such Ship or Vessel, found within such Draught of Water to be ascertained by a straight Line along the Rabbit of the Keel, adding to such certain Limits, Draught of Water forward and aft the Depth of the Main Keel in the Middle of the said Ship or Vessel on or within 100 the Outside, and the Draught of Water to be taken when the said Ship or Vessel, whether light or loaded, shall be in Sailing Trim, which shall be found in the Limits of any Port of this Kingdom, or within any Part 08 > or el of the British or Irish Channels, or elsewhere within One hundred Leagues of the Coast of this Kingdom, for which a Licence shall not have been procured from the Commissioners of the Customs for navigating the fame, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of His Majesty's Army, Navy, or Marines, or of the Customs or Excise.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That this Act or any of the Provisions thereof may be altered, varied Act may be

or repealed by any Act or Acts to be passed in this Session of Parliament. altered,c. this

Seluon.

CAP. LXXXVIII.

An Act to permit Fullers Earth, Fulling Clay and Tobacco Pipe Clay, tb be carried Coast wife

under certain Restrictions. [ 1 oth July 1817.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Twenty eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to explain, emend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, federal Laws now in being for preventing the Exportation of live Sheep, Rams and Lambs, Wool, Woolf els, Mor tlings. Short lings. Tarn and Worsted, Cruels, Coverlids, Waddings and other Manufactures or pretended Manufactures made of Wool slightly wrought up or otherwise put together, so as the fame may be reduced to and made use of as Wool again;

1 Mattrejfes or Beds fluffed with combed Wool or Wool Jit for combing; Fullers Earth, Fulling Clay and Tobacco Pipe Clay, from this Kingdom, and from the.lfles of Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark and Man, 4* into Foreign Parts; and for rendering more effectual an Act passed in the Twenty third Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, intituled An Act for the Winding of Wool: And whereas it is expedient to amend the said Act so far as relates to Fulling Earth, Fullers Clay and Tobacco Pipe Clay carried Coast wife Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, so much of the aforesaid Act as relates to the carrying Coast wife of Fullers Earth, Fulling Clay or Tobacco Pipe Clay, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act the said Articles shall, when carried Coastwise, be liable to all the Rules, Regulations and Restrictions, Penalties and Forfeitures, imposed by an Act passed in the Thirty second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for the Relief of the Coast Trade of Great Britain; for exempting certain Coast Documents from Stamp Duties; for abolishing the Bond usually called The Isle of Man Bond 5 and for permitting Corn and Grain brought Coastwise to be transhipped into Lighters for the Purpose of being carried through the Canal from the Forth to the Clyde, upon Goods, Wares or Merchandize which are or mall be prohibited to be exported from Great Britain, and no other; any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

28 G. 3* 38-§ 39.41-43-

So much of recited Act as relates to carrying Coastwise Fullers Earth, &c. repealed.

Such Articles when carried Coastwise shall be liable to all the Regulations imposed by 32 G. 3. c. 50. on Goods prohibited to be exported.

CAP. LXXXIX.

An Act to allow the Importation of Oranges and Lemons from the Azores and the Madeiras into the British Colonies in North America. [loth July 1817.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Fifty first Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An 51G. 3. c. 97.9W Act to regulate the Trade between Places in Europb South of Cape Finisterre, and certain Ports in the § a»

British Colonies in North America, it is enacted, that any Fruit the Produce of any Part of Europe South of Cape Finisterre may be shipped and laden in any Port or Place of Europe South of Cape Fintflerre for Exportation direct to certain Ports in North America, on board of any British Ship or Vessel owned, navigated, and registered according to Law, which shall have arrived at any Port or Place in Europe South of Cape Finisterre with Articles of the Growth or Produce of the said Colonies, or with Fish taken and cured by His Majesty Subjects carrying on the Fisheries from any of the said Colonies or Plantations, or from any Part of the United Kingdom, oc with any of the Goods or Commodities herein after mentioned from the

Province

150

Oranges or Lemons, Produce of the Azores or the Madeiras, may be imported thence into the British Colonies of America.

Persons found at certain times within iny Fo-rest, Sec. with Intent to destroy, take or kill Game, and arm. ed, deemedguilty of Misdemea-sour.

Transportation for Seven Years, or other Punishment.

Offenders returning to be transported for Life.

Rangers, Keepers, fcc. may apprehend Offenders, and deliver them to a Peace Officer.

Just ice on Information, Sec. may in default of Bail commit till Quarter Sessions or Gad Delivery.

Scotland.

Persons found in Forest, Sec. at Night with Engine, Sec. for destroying Game, may be taken before! Justice.'

C. 89, 90. 57° GEORGII III. A.D. 1817.

Province of Canada, whether such Goods and Merchandize shall be the Growth or Produce of the Province

of Canada, or shall have been brought into the said Province by Land or Inland Navigation: And Whereas

it is expedient to allow Oranges and Lemons to be exported direct from the Azores and the Madeiras into

the British Colonies in North America in any British built Ship or Vessel owned, registered and navigated

according to Law Be it therefore enacted by The King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act any Oranges or Lemons, the Produce of the Azores or the Madeiras, may be shipped and laden there for Exportation direct to any of the Ports of the British Colonies in North America, and may be imported into the said Ports in any British-hyiilt Ship or Vessel owned, registered and navigated according to Law; any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XC.

An Act for the Prevention of Persons going armed by Night for the Destruction of Game; and for repealing an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, relating to Rogues and Vagabonds.

[10th July 1817.]

WHEREAS idle and disorderly Persons frequently go armed in the Night time for the Purpose of protesting themselves, and aiding and abetting and assisting each other in the illegal £>estruction

of Game or Rabbits: And Whereas inch Practices are found by Experience to lead to the Commission of

Felonies and Murders For the more effectual Suppression thereof, be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and, Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if any Person or Persons, having entered into any Forest, Chafe, Park, Wood, Plantation, Close or other open or inclosed Ground, with the Intent illegally to destroy, take or kill Game or Rabbits, or with the Intent to aid, abet and assist any Perfoto or Persons illegally to destroy, take or kill Game or Rabbits, shall be found at Night, that is to say, between the Hours of* Six in the Evening and Seven in the Morning from the First Day of October to the First Day of February, between Seven in the Evening and Five in the Morning from the First Day of February to the First Day of April, and between Nine in the Evening and Four in the Morning for the Remainder of the Year, armed with any Gun, Cross Bow, Fire Arms, Bludgeon or any other onenfive Weapon, every such Person so offending, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged guilty of a Misdemeanour, and shall be sentenced to Transportation for Seven years, or shall receive such other Punishment as may by Law be inflicted qp Persons guilty of Misdemeanour, and as the Court before which such Offenders may be tried and convicted shall adjudge; and if any such Offender or Offenders shall return into Great Britain before the Expiration of the term for which he or they shall be so transported, contrary to the Intent and Meaning hereof, he or they so returning, and being thereof duly convicted, shall he adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall be ientenced to Transportation for the term or terms of his or their natural Life or Lives.

II. And for the more easy and speedy bringing the Offenders against this Act to Justice; be it further enacted, That .it shall and may be lawful to and for the Ranger and Rangerq, and to and for the Owner and Owners, Occupier and Occupiers of any such Forest, Chafe, Park, Wood, Plantation, Close or other open or inclosed Ground, and also for his, her or their Keeper and Keepers, Servant and Servants, and also for any other Person or Persons, to seize and apprehend or to assist in seizing and apprehending such Offender or Offenders by virtue of this Act, and by the Authority of the same to convey and deliver such Offender or Offenders into the Custody of a Peace Officer, who is hereby authorized and directed to convey such Offender or Offenders before some one of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County or Place where such Offence shall be alleged to have been committed; or in case such Offender or Offenders shall not be so apprehended, then it shall and may be lawful for any such Justior, on Information before him on the Oath of any credible Witaefs or Witnesses, to issue his Warrant for the Appreheolion of such Offender or Offenders; and if upon the Apprehension of any such Offender or Offenders it shall appear to such Justice, on the Oath of any credible Witness or Witnesses, that the Person or Persons so charged hath or have been guilty of the Crime cof being found armed at Night as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for such Justice to admit such Person or Persons so charged to Bail, apd in default of Bail to commit such Person or Persons to the County Gaol until the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, or the next General Commission of Gaol Delivery, to be holden for the same County or Place, there to be tried and dealt with as by this Act is directed; and if in Scotland, until such Person or Persons so charged shall be dealt with as any Person or Persons charged with a transportable Offence may be dealt with according to the Law and Practice of Scotland,

III. And be it further enacted, That if any Person Tor Persons shall after the passing of this Act unlawfully enter into or be found in any Forest, Chafe, Park, Wood, Plantation, Close or other open or inclosed Ground at Night, according to the Provisions of this Act, with respect to what shall be deemed Night for the Purposes hereof, having any Net, Engine or other Instrument, for the Purpose and with the Intent to destroy, take or kill, or shall wilfully destroy, take or kill Game, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Ranger and Rangers, and to and for the Owner and Owners, Occupier and Occupiers of any such Forest, Chafe, Park, Wood, Plantation, Close or other open or inclosed Ground, and also for his, her or their Keeper and Keepers, Servant and Servants, and also for any other Person or Persons, to seize and apprehend or to assist in seizing and apprehending such Offender or Offenders by virtue of this Act, and by the Authority of the same to convey and deliver

14 such

A.D. 1817. 57° GEORGII III. C. 90, 91,

such Offender or Offenders into the Custody of a Peace Officer, who is hereby authorized and directed to convey .such Offender or Offenders before some one of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County, or Place where such Offence shall be alleged to have been committed, to btf dealt with according to Law.

IV. And be it further enacted, That an Act made in the Iaft Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to repeal an Act made in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to extend the Provisions of an Act made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled " An Act to amend and make more effectual the Lavas relating to Rogues, Vagabonds and €t other idle and disorderly Persons, and to Houses of Correction" and to make other Provisions in lieu thereof; shall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said Act made in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to extend the Provisions of an Act madt in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled 1 An Act to amend and make more effectual the Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds* and other idle and disorderly Persons, and to Houses of CorneBionf shall be and the fame i» hereby repealed.

CAP. XCI.

An Act to enable Justices of the Peace to settle the Fees to be taken by the Clerks of the Pfeace of the respective Counties and other Divisions of England and Wales. [loth July 1817.]

WHEREAS Doubts have arisen touching the Fees and Allowances due and to be made to the Clerks of the Peace of the several Counties and other Divisions in England and Wales; For the removing of such Doubts, be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the First Day of July next it (hah and may be lawful to and for the Justices of the Peace for the County of Kent, and for the County Palatine of Lancaster, at their Annual General Sessions of the Peace, and for the Justices of the Peace in every other County, Riding* Division, City, Town, Liberty or Precmdl, within England and Wales, at their respective General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, to ascertain, make and settle a Table of Fees and Allowances to be taken by the Clerk of the Peace for such County of Khst and such County Palatine, and such other Counties, Ridings, Divisions, Cities, Towns, Liberties and Precincts respectively; and such Table of Fees and Allowances, when so made, shall be subject to the Approbation of the Justices of the Peace at the then next succeeding General Annual Session of the Peace for the County Palatine of Lancaster, and for the County of Kent, and at the then next succeeding General Quarter Session of the Peace for every other such County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Liberty or Precindfc as aforesaid, or at some Adjournment of such Sessions respectively; and such Table of Fees respectively, when so approved respectively, shall be laid before the Judges of Assize at the next Assizes for such Counties and Places respectively, except the several Places being Counties in which Assizes are not constantly or regularly holden in every Year, and in those cases before the Justices at the next Assizes for the adjoining County where Assizes are constantly and regularly holden, and to which Prisoners are generally removed for Trial from such Places respecthrely, and also except the Counties in Wales and the County Palatine of Chester, and before the Justices at the next Great Sessions. for the several Counties in Wales, and for the County Palatine of Chester; and the said Judges and Justices respectively are hereby authorized to ratify and confirm such Tables respectively, either as settled and approved as aforesaid, or with such Alterations, Additions, and Improvements as to such Judges and Justices last mentioned shall appear to be just and reasonable; and it shall be lawful for the said Justices of the Peace, at their respective Quarter or General Sessions of the Peace, from time to time in like manner to make other Table of Fees and Allowances, instead of or in addition to the Tables of Fees and Allowances before made, which (half and may be approved and afterwards ratified and confirmed in like manner; which Fees and Allowances contained in such Tables respectively, when so made and approved, and afterwards ratified and confirmed as aforesaid, shall be the only Fees and Allowances which shall be taken by the Clerks of the Peace of the several Counties and Places for which such Tables respectively shall be so made, approved, ratified and confirmed, from and after such Ratification and Confirmation thereof respectively; any thing in any Act or Adb of Parliament, or any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That if at any time after any such Table of Fees and Allowances shall have been so ratified and confirmed as aforesaid, any Clerk of the Peace, or any Person or Persons acting as such, shall, under Pretence of any matter or thing done, transacted or performed, demand or receive any other or greater Fee or Allowance, than the Fee or Allowance, Fees or Allowances, ascertained, ratified and confirmed as aforesaid, such Clerk of the Peace or other Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds to any Person who shall sue for the fame by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoign, Privilege, Protection, Wager 01 Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be grauted or allowed.

III. And be it further enacted, That every Table of Fees and Allowances which shall be made, approved, ratified and confirmed from time to time as aforesaid, shall be deposited with the Clerk of the Peace for the County or Place for which such Table of Fees Avail have been so made, approved, ratified and confirmed as aforesaid 5 and a true and exact written or printed Copy or Copies thereof shall be placed and constantly kept in a conspicuous Part of every Room or Place wherein an^r General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace for such County or Place shall be held; and if any Clerk of the Peace, or Person acting as such, shall at any

time

*51

56 0.3. c. 13a repealed.

39*5 40 G. 3. c. 50. repealed.

Justices of Peace for Keot and Lancaftrire, at their Annual General, and for every other County, Sec at their General Quarter Sessions, to settle a Table of Fees to be taken by the Clerks of the Peace for the said Counties. Such Table to be laid before Judges of A (fee.

Fees in such Tables, when approved by Judges, to be the only Fees.

Clerks of the Peace taking greater Fees than allowed.

Penalty 5I

Printed or written Copies of such Table of Fees to be hung up in some conspicuous Plate where the General or Quarter

15*

Seftions shall be held.

Clerks of the Peace neglecting.

Penalty 5I Limitation of Actions.

The Secretaries of State, &c. may deliver Commissions or Warrants to Officers of the Navy, Land Forces,

Sec. without previously requiring them to take certain Oaths, Sec, Proviso respc Cling Oaths, See. to be taken by Officers after receiving Commissions.

No Person making Distress for Rent, where the Sum due shall not exceed aoL to take other Charges than mentioned in the Schedule annexed; nor to charge for any Act not done.

Party aggrieved by any such Practice may apply to a Justice of the Peace.

Justice may adjudge Treble the Amount of the Monies unlaw-

C. 91, 92, 93. 57° GEORGII III. A.D. 1817.

time neglect to -cause every such Copy to be so placed and constantly kept according to the Provisions of this Act, he shall forfeit and pay to any Person who shall sue for the fame, for every such Offence, the Sum of Five "Pounds, to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoign, Privilege, Protection, Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance shall be granted or allowed.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all Suits and Actions which shall be brought or commenced by virtue of this Act, shall be brought before the End of Three Calendar Months after the Offence committed, and not otherwise.

CAP. XCII.

An Act to regulate the Administration of Oaths in certain cases to Officers in His Majesty's Land and Sea Forces. [ioth July 1817.]

WHEREAS by certain Acts passed in the Reigns of His Majesty's Royal Predecessors, it was pro-1 W vided, that Officers in His Majesty's Royal Navy and .Officers in His Majesty's Army shall take

certain Oaths, and make and subscribe certain Declarations, before they shall enter upon the Offices or

Places of Trust to which they may be appointed: And Whereas Doubts have been entertained whether

the Provision8 of the said Acts are Hill in force in that behalf: And whereas the Practice of taking the said Oaths, and making and subscribing the said Declarations, by Officers previous to their receiving Com-9 millions in His Majesty's Army, hath been long disused: And Whereas it is expedient to remove such

Doubts, and to assimilate the Practice of the Two Services : Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act it shall and may be lawful to and for His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, the Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral aforesaid, the Commander in Chief of His Majesty's Land Forces, the Matter General of the Ordnance, and the Secretary at War for the time being, respectively, or any other Persons thereunto lawfully authorized, to deliver Commissions or Warrants to any Officer or Officers in His Majesty's Royal Navy, Land Forces or Royal Marines, without previously requiring such Officer or Officers to take the said Oaths, or make and subscribe the said Declarations; any thing in any Act or Acts contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to any Oaths required by any Act or Acts now in force to be taken, or to any Declarations thereby required to be made and subscribed, by such Officer or Officers as aforesaid, after he or they shall have accepted and received such Commissions or Warrants as aforesaid.

CAP. XCIII.

An Act to regulate the Costs of Distresses levied for Payment of Small Rents. [ioth July 1817.]

WHEREAS divers Persons acting as Brokers, and distraining on the Goods and Chattels of others,

or employed in the Course of such Distresses, have of late made excessive Charges, to the great

Oppression of Poor Tenants and others; and it is expedient to check such Practices j' Be it therefore enacted, by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act no Person whatsoever making any Distress for Rent, where the Sum demanded and due shall not exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds for and in respect; of such Rent, nor any Person whatsoever employed in any manner in making such Distress, or doing any Act whatsoever in the Course of such Distress, or for carrying the fame into Effect, shall have, take or receive out of the Produce of the Goods or Chattels distrained upon and fold, or from the Tenant distrained on, or from the Landlord, or from any other Person whatsoever, any other or more Costs and Charges for and in respect of such Distress, -or'any Matter or thing done therein, than such as are fixed and set forth in the Schedule hereunto annexed and appropriated to each Act which shall have been done in the Course of such Distress; and no Person or Persons whatsoever shall make any Charge whatsoever for any Act, Matter or thing mentioned in the said Schedule, unless such Act shall have been really done.

II. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall in any manner levy, take or receive from any Person or Persons whatsoever, or retain or take from the Produce of any Goods fold for the Payment of such Rent, any other or greater Costs and Charges than are mentioned and set down in the said Schedule, or make any Charge whatsoever for any Act, Matter or thing mentioned in the said Schedule and not really done, it shall be lawful for the Party or Parties aggrieved by such Practices to apply to any One Justice of the Peace for the County, City, Town, and acting for the Division where such Distress shall have been made, or in any manner proceeded in, for the Redress of his, her or their Grievance so occasioned; whereupon such Justice shall summon the Person or Persons complained of to appear before him at a reasonable time to be fixed in such Summons; and such Justice shall examine into the Matter of such Complaint by all legal Ways and Means, and also hear in like manner the Defence of the Person or Persons complained of; and if it shall appear to such Justice that the Person or Persons complained of shall have levied, taken, received, or had other and greater Costs and Charges than are mentioned or fixed in the Schedule hereunto annexed, or made

13 any

A.D. 1817.

57° GEORGII III. C. 93.

153

any Charge for any matter or thing mentioned in the said Schedule, such Act, matter or thing not having been funy wken to he really done, such Justice shall order and adjudge Treble the Amount of the Monies so unlawfully taken, to be paid with Costs, paid by the Person or Persons so having acted to the Party or Parties who shall thus have preferred his, her wh; ch maY he or their Complaint thereof, together with full Costs; and in case of Non Payment of any Monies or Costs so ^iedfby ordered and adjudged to b$ paid, such Justice shall forthwith issue his Warrant to levy the same by Distress res*

and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties ordered to pay such Monies or Costs, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners, after the Payment of the Charges of such Distress and Sale; and in case no sufficient Distress can be had, such Justice shall by Warrant under his Hand commit the Party If no Distrest, or Parties to the Common Gaol or Prison within the Limits of the Jurisdiction of such Justice, there to Imprisonment. remain until such Order or Judgment be satisfied.

III. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for such Justice, at the Request Justices may

of the Party complaining or complained against, to summon all Persons as Witnesses, and to administer an summon Oath to them, touching the matter of such Complaint or Defence against it 5 and if any Person or Persons t6

so summoned shall not obey such Summons, without any reasonable or lawful Excuse, or refuse to be examined attend or be upon Oath, or if a Quaker upon foleinn Affirmation, then every such Person so offending shall forfeit and pay examined,

a Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, to be ordered, levied and paid in such manner and by fucfi Means, and Penalty, with such Power of Commitment, as is hereinbefore directed as to such Order and Judgment to be given between the Party or Parties in the original Complaint, excepting so Tar as regards the Form of the Order, and herein after provided for.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for such Justice, if he shall find that the Complaint Complaint

of the Party or Parties aggrieved is not well founded, to order and adjudge Costs not exceeding Twenty unfounded. Shillings to be paid to the Party or Parties complained against, which Order shall be carried into Effect, and CostTt/the*'levied and paid in such manner, and with like Power of Commitment, as is hereinbefore directed as to the party com. Order and Judgment founded on such original Complaints Provided always, that nothing herein contained plained against. shall empower such Justice to make any Order or Judgment against the Landlord for whole benefit any such No Judgment to Distress shall have been made, unless such Landlord shall have personally levied such Distress: Provided b, ^Landlord^ always, that no Person or Persons who shall be aggrieved by any Distress for Rent, or by any Proceedings per-

had m Ihe Course thereof, or by any Costs and Charges levied upon them in respect of the fame, shall be fonally levies barred from any legal or other Suit or Remedy which he, she or they might have had before the passing of the Distress. this Act, excepting so far as any Complaint to be preferred by virtue of this Act shall have been determined Pjrtie* not

by the Order and Judgment of the Justice before whom it shall have been heard and determined 5 and which barre^ of other Order and Judgment shall and may be given in Evidence, under the Plea of the General Issue, in all cases o^LrofTiiftice where the matter of such Complaint shall be made the Subject of any Action.*roay be given in

V. And be it further enacted, That such Orders and Judgments on such Complaints shall be made Evidence, in the Form in the Schedule hereunto annexed, and may be proved before any Court by Proof of the Signature of Signature of the Justice to such Order and Judgment 5 and such Orders as regard Persons who may ^, ceProof<^ have been summoned as Witnesses shall be made in such Form as to such Justice shall seem most fit and J gT"en*convenient.

VI. And be it further enacted, That every Broker or other Person who shall make and levy any Distress Brokers to give whatsoever shall give a Copy of his Charges, and of all the Costs and Charges of any Distress whatsoever, cha^est*Per signed by him, to the Person or Persons on whose Goods and Chattels any Distress shall be levied, although fonslliflra1ned!- the Amount of the Rent demanded shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

VII. And be it further enacted, That a fair printed Copy of this Act shall be hung up in some convenient Printed Copy of

Place in such Halls or Rooms where the Justices of each and every County in England and Wales shall hold to he hung cither their Quarter or other Sessions. House*T"*

SCHEDULE referred to in this Act.

FORM of the Order and Judgment of the Justice before whom Complaint is preferred, where the Order and Judgment is for the Complainant.

In the matter of the Complaint of A.B. against C.D. for a Breach of the Provisions of an Act of the

Fifty seventh Year of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act {here insert the Title of this A S']

I, E F'. a Justice of the Peace for the County of and acting within the Division of

do order and adjudge that the said C. 2). shall pay to A.B. the Sum of

as a Compensation and Satisfaction for unlawful Charges and Costs levied and taken from the said A.B. under a Distress for Rent 5 and the further Sum of for Costs on this Complaint.

(Signed) E* F.

FORM of the Order and Judgment of the Justice, where he dismisses the Complaint as unfounded, and with or without Costs, as the case may be.

In the matter of the Complaint of A.B. against C.D. for the Breach of the Provisions of an Act of the Fifty seventh Year of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act [ here insert the Title of this Act] I, E. F. a Justice of the Peace for the County of and acting within the Division of

do order and adjudge that the Complaint of the said A* B. is unfounded {if Co/ls are given] and I do farther order and adjudge, that the said A.B. shall pay unto the said C. £> the Sum of for Costs.

(Signed) E. F.

57 Geo. III. X

154

C. 93, 94. 57° GEORGII III. A.D. 1817.

SCHEDULE of the Limitation of Costs and Charges on Distreflcs for Small Rents.

£- / d.

Levying Dili refs - 030

Man in Possession, per Day - - - 026

Appraisement, whether by One Broker or more, Six pence in the Pound on the Value of the Goods -

Stamp, the lawful Amount thereof -

All Expences of Advertisements, if any such - - - o 10 O

Catalogues, Sale and Commission, and Delivery of Goods, One Shilling in the Pound on the Net,

Produce of the Sale.

56G. 3. r. .19. §5-

repealed.

Rate to be raised notwithstanding Appeals, until Determination of Justices.

In case Justices order Rate to be set aside, decreaf-ed or lowered;

Money paid subsequent to the time of Appeal to be returned out of the General County Rate. Notice of Appeal.

Expences cf Appeals paid in such Proportions, See. as Justices shall award.

Cap. xeiv.

An Act to amend an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for the more easy assessing of County Rates.

[10th July 1817.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the lash Session of Parliament, to explain and amend an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, for the more easy assessing, collecting and levying of County*Rates: And Whereas it is expedient to repeal so much of the said Act as directs, that in all cases in which ' any Appeal or Appeals shall be made under the said recited Act to any Rate or Assessment made in pursuance thereof or of this Act, the fame should be made to the next General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace*after the Cause of Appeal shall have arisen, and that Fourteen clear Days' Notice in Writing should be given*of the Intention to try such Appeal, previous to such General or Quarter Sessions; and that, notwithstanding such Appeal or Notice thereof, the Rate or Rates made upon any Parish, Township or Place (whether 1 Parochial or otherwise) under the said recited Act and this Act, Should be paid, and Should and might be*levied, recovered and received in the fame mannner as if no Appeal had been made or Notice given thereof;

and that if upon the Hearing of any such Appeal or Appeals, the Court of General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace Should order any Rate or Assessment to be decreased or lowered, and it Should appear to the said*Court that any Parish, Township or Place have or hath, previously to the Hearing such Appeal or Appeals,

paid any Sum or Sums of Money in consequence of such Rates or Assessments, which ought not to have been paid or charged therein, then and in every such case the said Court should order all and every such Sum and Sums of Money to be repaid and returned to the Person or Persons, Parish, Township or Place, hav- ing paid the fame respectively: ' it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the hereinbefore recited Provision shall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act the Rate or Rates made upon any Parish, Township or.Place (whether Extra Parochial or otherwise) under any Act or Acts passed for the assess-ing, collecting and levying of County Rates, shall be paid, and shall and may be levied, recovered and received, notwithstanding any Appeal or Appeals may have been made to the General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace against any such Rate or Rates; and such Rate or Rates shall continue to be raised, levied and received, until the Decision of the Justices shall be made upon such Appeal or Appeals: Provided always, that if upon the Hearing of any such Appeal or Appeals the Court of General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace shall order any Rate or Assessment to be set aside, decreased, or lowered, and it shall appear to the said Court that any Parish, Township or Place have or hath, previously to the Determination of such Appeal or Appeals, paid any Sum or Sums of Money in consequence of such Rates or Act'efTments, which ought not to have been paid or charged therein, then and in every such case the said Court shall order such Proportion of such Sum or Sums of Money as shall have been so paid by any Person or Persons, Parish, Township or Place, subsequently to the Notice which shall have been given of such Appeal or Appeals, to be repaid and returned to the Person or Persons, Parish, Township or Place, which have or hath paid the fame respectively, out of the General Rate of the County in which the Cause of Appeal shall have arisen: Provided always, that Fourteen clear Days Notice in Writing shall be given by the Parties intending to appeal against any Rate or Assessment, to the Parties against whose Rate the Appeal is to be made, the Clerk of the Peace of the County, and the Hundred Constable, of the Intention to try such Appeal at the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace; any thing in any Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited Act as directs that the Expences of all Appeals, Actions, Suits or Proceedings at Law, in respect of any thing done in pursuance of the said recited Act, shall be paid by such respective Parishes, Township, Places and Persons as the said Justices in General or Quarter Session shall direct, or such Court wherein such Proceeding shall be instituted shall order, and shall not be charged to or be paid out of the County Rate, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed. \_No such Enadment appears in 56 G. 3. r.49. but it appears in 55 G. 3. r.51. §15. By 56 G. 3. c. 49. f 7. the Powers, Clauses, tsfe* of 55G.3. r.51. are applied to 56G.3. r.49.]

IV. And be it further enacted, That in case of any Appeals, Actions, Suits or Proceedings at Law respecting any thing done in pursuance of this Act, or any other Act or Acts relating to the County Rate, the Expences of all such Appeals, Actions, Suits, or Proceedings at Law shall be borne and paid by such respective Parishes* Township, Places and Persons, or such of them, and in such Proportions, as the said Juf-

ticos

155

A.D. 1817. 57° GEORGII III.0, 94, 95.

tices shall upon any Appeal in their General or Quarter Sessions award and order, or as such Courts wherein -such Actiong, Suits or Proceedings shall be instituted shall adjudge and order.

4 V. And Whereas there are several Parishes, Townships and Places in and over which the High Constables

have no Jurisdiction; Be it therefore further enacted, That in all such cases it shall be lawful for the Justices Where there are of the Peace of any County in which such Parishes, Townships or Places shall be situate, to issue their War- no High Con-rants for collecting the County Rate to One or more of the Constables of such Parishes, Townships or Places, ftabtes» °lher and such Constable or Constables shall collect, levy and pay such County Rate in such and the like manner as

the High Constables are by the said Act empowered and required to do, and shall be subject to the like y

Penalties in case he or they shall neglect to demand, levy or account for such County Rates, as the said High Constables are subject or liable to by any Law or Statute now in force.

CAP. XCV.

An Act to exempt the Territories within the Limits of the East India Company's Charter from cetain of the Navigation Laws- _ [10th July 1817.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King Charles\z C.a. c.i8.

the Second, for the encouraging and increasing of Shipping and Navigation; and by another Act 15 C. a. c. 7.

passed in the Fifteenth Year of the fame Reign, for the Encouragement of Trade; and by another Act 22& 23C. 2.

passed in the Twenty second and Twenty third Years of the fame Reign, among other things, for regulating c. 26.

the Plantation Trade; and by another Act passed in the Twenty fifth Year of the fame Reign, amongst 25 C.a. c. 7.

other things, for the better (ecuring the Plantation Trade; and by another Act passed in the Seventh and 7&8W.3,

Eighth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King William the Third, for the Increase and Encouragement c-2I-

of Seamen; and by another Act passed in the Third and Fourth Years of the Reign of Her late Majesty 4 & 5 A. c. 5.

Queen Anne* for granting to Her Majesty a further Subsidy on Wmes and Merchandizes imported; and by

another Act passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the First, amongst other 8 G. 1. c. 18.

things, to subject Copper Ore of the Production of the British Plantations to such Regulations as other enu-

merated Commodities of the like Production are subject; divers Prohibitions, Regulations and Provisions

have been enacted, respecting the Importation of Goods and Commodities of the Growth, Production or

Manufacture of Europe, into any Lands, Islands, Plantations, Colonies, Territories or Places to His Majesty belonging or in his Portertion, in Asia* Africa or America* and also respecting the Transportation of certain Articles of the Growth, Production or Manufacture of British Plantations in Asia* Africa or America: And Whereas the said Prohibitions, Regulations and Provisions have been commonly supposed not to apply, and have not in Practice been applied, and it is not expedient that the fame shallld be applied, to the Trade of His Majesty's Subjects to and from the East Indies: And Whereas it is reasonable ana just that Relief should be given to Persons who may have inadvertently incurred Penalties and Forfeitures, by offending against such Prohibitions, Regulations and Provisions; Be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That nothing contained in the said Acts, or in any other Act or Nothing in the Acts passed for the like Purposes or any of them, shall extend or be construed to extend to or in any way refited Acts to affeft the Importation or Exportation by the United Company of Merchants trading to the East Indies* or by any other of His Majesty's Subjects in British registered Vessels navigated according to Law, or in Vessels India

registered or trading under the Provisions o'f an Act passed in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Company's Majesty, intituled An Act to mate further Regulations for the Regi/lry of Ships built in India, of any Goods, Charter. Wares or Merchandize at, into or from any Port or Place within the Limits of the Charter of the said Com- SS G. 3. c. 116. pany, or to gffeft the Importation or Exportation at, into or from any Place whatsoever in such Vessels as aforesaid of any Goods, Wares or Merchandize of the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of any Place within the Limits aforesaid, or to require that any Bond for the Exportation or Importation of Goods in any particular manner, shall be given in respect of any such Vessels bound to or from any Place situate within the Limits aforesaid.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and, after the Twenty fifth Day of December next, no Person or Perfc nsnot to he Persons, Body Politic or Corporate, shall be liable to*be sued for any Penalty, nor any Ship, Vessel, Goods, for ^enal-Wares or Merchandize liable to be seized by reason of any Trading contrary to any such Prohibition, Regi^-lation or Provision as aforesaid, or by reason of any such Bond as aforesaid not having been given in respect ec'

of any Ship or Vessel bound to or from any Place within the Limits aforesaid; and further, that all Ships, ships, &c. seized Vessels, Goods, Wares and Merchandizes, which before the said Twenty fifth Day of December next shall before 25th Dec. have been seized, and all Penalties which before the said last mentioned Day shall have been sued for by reason next, reltored, of any such Offence as aforesaid, shall be forthwith restored or remitted to the Person or Persons, Body or &c*

Bodies Politic or Corporate, by whom the fame may have been forfeited, upon Payment to the Person or Persons who shall have seized or sued for the fame, of his or their reasonable Costs of Seizure or Suit; any Law, Statute or other thing to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that nothing herein contained Proviso for shall extend or be construed to extend to prevent any Person or any Body Politic or Corporate from disputing Appeal, the Legality of any Judgment or other Proceeding by Appeal or otherwise, in the same manner as if this Act had not been parted, or to prevent any Person or Body Politic or Corporate from taking the Benefit of any other Mode of Relief from any such Forfeiture or Penalty as aforesaid, to which he or they by any Act or Acts now in force or otherwise may be entitled.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be con- Proviso for ftrued to extend to alter or affect the Provisions of an Act passed in the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His 53 G. 3. c. 155.


156 C. 95* 96.

57° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1817.

present Majesty, intituled An Act for continuing in the East India Company for a further Term the Possession of the British Territories in India, together with certain exclusive Privileges; for cjtablishing furtherm Regulations for the Government of the said Territories and the better Administration of Justice within the same; and for regulating the Trade to and from the Places within the Limits of the said Companys Charter; and another Act passed in the Fifty fourth Year of the fame Reign, intituled An Act for the further Regulation of the Trade to and from the Places within the Limits of the Charter Of the East India Company; and another Act passed in the Fifty fifth Year of the fame Reign, intituled An Act to make further Regulations for the Registry of Ships built in India 5 and another Act passed in this present Session, intituled An Act to regulate the Trade to and from the Places within the Limits of the Charter of the East India Company, and certain Possessions of His Majesty in the Mediterranean-; or to alter or affect the Laws now in being relative to the Trade of Foreign Nations in Amity with His Majesty with the said British Territories under the Government of the said Company in the East Indies.

IV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That His Majesty's Settlement at the Cate of Good Hope shall, for the Purposes of this Act, be deemed, construed, and taken to be within the Limits of the Charter of the East India Company.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may bfe lawful to import into any Idand or Territory

imported into or within the Limits of the said Company's Charter, not being undet the Government of the said Company, in exported from Vessels which may belong to any State being in Amity with His Majesty (not being an European State), Limits of Char- anc* said Limits, any Articles of the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of any such State,

ter, not under and to export in any such Vessel any Goods which by virtue of this or any other Act may have been legally

imported into His Majesty's said Islands or Territories.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or b$ construed to extend to affect an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to continue and extend the Provisions of an Act of the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty, for regulating the Trade and Commerce to and from the Cape of Good Hope, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred And twenty, and also for regulating the Trade of the Island of Mauritius.

54G. 3. C. 34.

55 G. 3. owl 16. 57 0.3* c. 36.

and for other I^ws herein mentioned. Cape of Good Hope within Limits of Charter.

Goods may be

Government of Company, &c. Proviso for c. I. ante.

CAP. XCVI.

An Act for suspending until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and twenty the Duties on Coals and Culm removed Coastwise within the Principality of Wales, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof.

[10th July 1817.]

49 G. 3. c. 98.

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled

*» An Act for repealing the several Duties of Customs chargeable in Great Britain, and for granting other ' Duties in lieu thereof Duties of Customs are to be raised, levied, collected and paid upon Goods, Wares or ' Merchandize brought or carried Coastwise from one Port or Place in Great Britain to any other Port or ' Place within the same: And Whereas it is expedient to suspend, for a time to be limited, the Duties now

payable on Coal and Culm brought or carried Coastwise within the Principality of Wales; r Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual

Duties of Cuf- arid Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That tom on CoaU«nd from and after the passing of this Act, the said Duties of Customs on Coals aid Culm brought or carried Coastwise, to any Port or Place within the Principality of Wales shall be suspended during the Period herein after mentioned, save and except in all cases relating to the recovering, allowing or paying any Arrears thereof respectively which may on the said passing of this Act remain unpaid, or to any Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures relating thereto respectively, which mall have been incurred at any time before the said passing of this Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, in lieu and instead of the

thereof the Du- Duties of Customs hereby suspended, there shall be raised, collected and paid unto His Majesty, His Heirs tiesinTsble A. and Suoceflors, in ready Money (except as herein after is provided), without any Discount whatever, upon Coah and Culm brought or carried Coastwise to any Port or Place within the Principality of Wales, the several Duties of Customs, as the same are respectively inserted, described and set forth in Figures in the Table hereunto annexed, marked A.

III. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, for all Coals used for any Purpose relating to the carrying on the Works for the manufacturing of Tin Plates at Pennygored in the County of Pembroke, called The Pennygored Works, for which the Duties granted by this Act shall have been duly paid, a Drawback shall be allowed of all such Duties, not exceeding the Sum of One thousand Pounds in any One Year: Provided always, that the Drawback by this Act allowed shall be paid upon the Proofs and under the Conditions required by an Act passed in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for allowing a Drawback of the Duties upon Coals used in carrying on the Pennygored Works in the County of Pembroke.

IV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, the Duties of Customs by used in smelting this Act imposed on all Coals which shall be used in calcining or smelting Copper or Lead Ore within the Xfle Copper, &c. in of Anglesey, or which shall be used in Fire Engines for draining Water out of the Mines of Copper and Lead Anglesey repaid within the said Isle, shall be repaid 5 any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided Ah G. 3. c. 104. alwayfl» t*iat Drawback by this Act allowed shall be paid upon the Proofs required by an Act passed in the

' Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for allowing a Drawback of the Duties

Culm brought Coastwise to Wales suspended,

and instead

Drawback on Coals used at Tin Plate Manufactory at Pennygored allowed as by 35 G. 3. c. 39.

Duties on Coals

A.D. 1817. 57° GEORGII III. C. 96, 97.

Duties upon Coals used in J\melting Copper or Lead Ores9 and in Fire Engines for draining Water out of the Copper and Lead Mines within the Isle of Anglesey.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said Duties of Customs by this Act granted and imposed shall be appropriated and applied in such and the like manner and to the same Uses and Purposes as the former Duties on Coals, Culm and Cinders, granted by the said first recited Act passed in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, were appropriated and applied.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the several Duties of Customs by this Act imposed may and shall respectively be managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, answered, paid and recovered in such and the like manner, and by the fame Means, Ways or Methods, as the former Duties of Customs by this Act repealed were or might be managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, answered, paid and recovered 5 and such Coals, Culm and Cinders shall be and the same are hereby made subject and liable to all and every the Conditions, Regulations, Rules, Restrictions, Seizures, Sales and Forfeitures to which such Coals, Culm and Cinders were subject and liable by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force on or immediately before the said passing of this Act, respecting the Revenue of Customs; and all Pains, Penalties, Fines and Forfeitures, of whatever Nature or Kind the lame may be, as well Pains of Death or others, for any Offence whatever committed against or in breach of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force on or immediately before the said passing of this Act made for securing the Revenue of Customs, or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof, and the several Clauses, Powers, Provisions and Directions contained in«any such Act or Acts, shall and are hereby directed and declared to extend tp and shall be respectively applied, practised and put in Execution, for and in respect of the several Duties of Customs hereby charged, in as full and ample manner to all Intents and Purposes whatever as if the said Acts, Clauses, Powers, Provisoes, Directions, Fines, Pains, Penalties or Forfeitures were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this present Act, and made Part thereof.

VII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue in force until the First Day of Atiguft One thousand eight hundred and twenty.

SCHEDULE A.

Coals (except Charcoal made of Wood) brought Coastwise to any Port or Place within the Principality of Wales, in case they are such as are most usually sold by Weight, the Ton of 20 Cwt.

Coals, in case they are such as are most usually sold by Measure, the Chalder, Winchester Measure -

Culm, in case most usually sold by Weight, the Ton of 20 Cwt.

Culm, in case most usually sold by Measure, the Chalder, Winchester Measure

& s. d.

009

O I o o o ij 002

CAP. XCVII.

An Act for ratifying Articles of Agreement entered into by the Right Honourable Henry Hall .Viscount Gage, and the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues; and for the better Management and Improvement of the Land Revenues of the Crown.

[10th July 1817.]

WHEREAS Articles of Agreement, bearing Date the Fifteenth Day of May in this present Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, have been made and entered into between the Right Honourable Henry Hall Viscount Gage, of the First Part; the Right Honourable William < Hujltijfon, William Dacres Adams, and Henry Dawkins, Esquires, Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, for and on the behalf of His Majesty, of the Second Part; and The King's Most Excellent Majesty, of the Third Part 5 in Substance and to the Effect following; (that is to say, ) The said Henry Hall Viscount Gagey for himself, his Heirs, Executors and Administrators, did thereby covenant, promise and agree to and with The King's Most Excellent Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to sell and dispose of, and the said Commissioners, Parties to the said Articles of Agreement (by and with the Consent and approbation of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury) for and on the behalf of The King's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, did thereby agree to purchase and buy of and from the said Henry Hall Viscount Gage, his Heirs and Assigns, all those several Manors of Staunton and Bicknory otherwise English Bicknor, situate in the Countied of Gloucester and Monmouth, or One of them,

together with all Courts Leet, Courts Baron, Customary and other Courts, Profits and Perquisites of

Courts, Fines, Chief or Quit Rents, Heriots, Fisheries, and all other Rights, Royalties, Privileges and Appurtenances to the said Manors or either of them incident, appertaining or in anywise belonging; and all Right of Soil and other Rights of him the said Henry Hall Viscount Gagey his Heirs or Assigns, of and in all Waste Lands and Commons situate within or being Part and Parcel of the said Manors or either of them; and all Rights of Common and other Rights or him the said Henry Hall Viscount Gage in or upon the Forest of Dean or any Part thereof; and all that newly erected Messuage or Dwelling House situate at Bracelandy with the Out Buildings thereto belonging or in anywise appertaining 5 and all the Right of him the said Henry Hall Viscount Gage in or to the Pews in the Parish Church of Newlandy to the late Mansion House of High Meadow belonging, or usually- held, used or occupied by the Owners or Proprietors of such Manfioo House 5 and all those several Messuages, Dwelling Houses, Cottages, Farms,

Arable, Meadow, Pasture and Wood Lands of him the said Henry Hall Viscount Gagey situate, lying and

being

157

Application of Duties.

Duties how to be levied.

Fortner Acts relating to Customs extended to this

Aa.

Continuance at

a a.

Agreement, dated I5jh May 1817, for tlje Purchase of the High Meadow Estate, recited.

C-97- 57° GEORGII III. A.D. 1817.

being in the several Parishes, Districts or Places of Bicknor, Staunton, Dixton and New land, and each and every of them, in the said Counties of Gloucester and Monmouth, then or late in the several Tenures or Occupations of him the said Henry Hall Viscount Gage, and of certain Persons in the said Articles of

Agreement named, as Tenants to him the said Henry Hall Viscount Gage; all which said Lands and Pre-

miles contained together by Estimation Four thousand two hundred and fifty seven Acres and Fifteen

Perches, or thereabouts (be the fame more or less); and all Timber and other Trees now growing, arising or being in or upon any of the said Woods, Plantations, Farms, Lands and Premises; and all those Forges, Furnaces, Iron and Tin Works ofhim the said Henry Hall Viscount Gage, situate at Redbrooke and Lidbrook in the Counties of Gloucester and Monmouth or One of them; and all those Corn Mills situate at Redbrook and Lidbrook aforesaid; and all those Lime Kilns situate at Cherry Orchard, Cold well, or elsewhere in or upon any of the Lands or Premises thereinbefore described; and all that Market House situate at Coleford in the said County of Gloucester, and all Tolls, Customs, Profits, Commodities, Ad-

vantages and Appurtenances arising from the Market of Coleford, or to the said Market belonging; and

all Waters, Fishings, Ways, Roads, Paths, Easements, Rights, Members, Privileges and Appurtenances

whatsoever, to the said Manors, Messuages, Dwelling Houses, and other Houses, Farms, Lands and Pre-

mises, or any of them belonging or in anywise appertaining, (except the Advowsons of the Rectory of

Staunton and of the Vicarage of Dixton, ) at or for the Price or Sum of One hnudred and fifty five thousand eight hundred and sixty three Pounds Three Shillings and Two pence, to be paid at the times, in the

Proportions, and by the Instalments thereinafter mentioned; (that is to say, ) the Sum of Thirty one thousand one hundred and seventy two Pounds Twelve Shillings and Seven pence, part thereof, on the

Second Day of August then and now next; the Sum of Thirty one thousand one hundred and seventy two.

Pounds Twelve Shukngs and Seven pence (other Part thereof) on the Second Day of August One thousand eight hundred and eighteen; the Sum of Thirty one thousand one hundred and seventy two Pounds Twelve Shillings and Seven pence (other Part thereof) on the Second Day of August One thousand eight hundred and

nineteen; the Sum of Thirty one thousand one hundred and seventy two Pounds Twelve Shillings and Seven

pence (other Part thereof) on the Second Day of August One thousand eight hundred and twenty; and the

Sum of Thirty one thousand one hundred and seventy two Pounds Twelve Shillings and Ten pence, Residue

thereof on the Second Day of August One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, together with Interest for the fame several sums, or so much thereof as should from time to time remain unpaid, at and after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, such Interest to be computed from the said Second Day of August then and now next, and to be paid by Half Yearly Payments until the whole of the said Principal Purchase Money should be fully paid and discharged; and the said Henry Hall Viscount Gage did thereby for himself, hie Heirs, Executors, Administrators and Assigns, further covenant, promise and agree to and with The King's

Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, that he the said Henry Hall Viscount Gage, his Heirs or Assigns, should and would, within Two Calendar Months from the Date of the said Articles of Agreement, cause or procure

to be made out and delivered to the Commissioners for the time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and

Land Revenues, a complete and perfedf Abstract of the Title of him the said Henry Hall Viscount Gage or his Heirs, to the said Manors, Messuages, Dwelling Houses, and other Houses, Farms, Lands and all other the Hereditaments and Premises by the said Articles of Agreement contrafted to be sold, and every Part thereof, 4- and should and would thereby or therein make out and deduce a good and perfect Title to the Inheritance thereof in Fee Simple, free from all Incumbrances save such as are herein after mentioned, and except that a 4 small Part of the said Premises in Dixton, then late PritcharcPs, was Copyhold of Inheritance, with respect to which only a Title as Copyhold of Inheritance was to be made out or required); and that he the said Henry Hall Viscount Gage or his Heirs, and all other necessary Parties, should and would, on or before the Second Day of August which would and will be in the Year One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, by such good and fumcient Conveyances and Assurances as the Law Officers of His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, should reasonably advise or require, convey and assure the said Manors, Messuages, Dwelling Houses and other Houses, Lands and all and singular other the Hereditaments and Premises therein before contracted to be sold, with their and every of their Appurtenances (except as aforesaid), and charged nevertheless with the due Payment of whatever Part or Parts of the said Purchase Money should then remain unpaid, and Interest for the fame, unto and to the Use of The King's Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, or unto and to the Use of such Person or Persons, and upon such Trust or Trusts and in such manner and Form as the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, or any Three or more of them, or the said Commissioners, Parties to the said Articles of Agreement, or the Commissioners for the time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, should direct or appoint, free from the Land Tax (the fame having been redeemed), and from all other Charges and Incumbrances whatsoever save and except certain annual Sums payable to Colonel Berkeley, to the Duke of Beaufort, to the Stampers at Redbrool, to

Wyrhall Spinster and to the Poor of Staunton, as specified in the Survey of the said Estate, and which altogether amounted to the annual Sum of Sixteen Pounds Sixteen Shillings and' Five pence, but did not exceed that Sum* and also except Three Heriots payable to Colonel Berkeley, and the Rents, Customs and Services thereafter to become due to the Lord of the Manor of which the said Copyhold Premises were holden); and that the said Henry Hall Viscount Gage, his Heirs, Executors or Administrators, should and would in and by such Conveyance covenant and declare, that the Lands called Mailfcott Wood, containing Seven hundred and twenty seven Acres Three Roods and Fifteen Perches, then in tin* Tenure of him the said Henry Hall Viscount Gage, and the Lands containing Fifteen Acres One Rood and Ten Perches, then in the Tenure of John Delaney, Parts of the said Premises thereby agreed to be sold, were Extra Parochial, and warrant the fame so to be: And the said Commissionersf Parties to the said Articles of Agreement, did

8 1 thereby

159

A.D. 1817. 57° GEORGII III. C. 97.

thereby, for and on thf behalf of The King's Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and by and with the Con'* sent and Approbation of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, testified as aforesaid, further covenant, promise and agree, to and with the said Henry Hall Viscount Gage, his Heirs, Executors, Administrators and Assigns, that the said Sum of One hundred and fifty five thousand eight hundred and sixty three Pounds Three Shillings and Two Pence, the Purchase Money aforesaid, shoula be paid by and out of the Land Revenues of the Crown to the said Henry Hall Viscount Gage, his Heirs, Executors, Administrators or Assigns, at such times, by such Instalments or Proportions, and with such Interest as therein before in that behalf mentioned, in case the said Henry Hall Viscount Gage, hia Heirs or Assigns, should make out and fltew a good and perfect Title to the said Manors, Messuages, Dwelling Houses and other Houses, Farms,

Lands, Hereditaments and Premises, and every Part thereof, and make and execute such Conveyance thereof as therein before mentioned, according to the true Intent and Meaning of the said Articles of Agreement:

And after agreeing in what manner, in what Proportions, and by whom the Expences of the necessary Deeds, Conveyances, Abstracts for and the further Expences incurred in the completing and perfecting the Purchase or Contract by the said Articles of Agreement made and entered into, it is by the said Articles of Agreement further agreed, -that all Outgoings for the said Premises should be borne, paid and defrayed by the said Henry Hall Viscount Gage± his Heirs or Assigns, up to the said Second Day of August then and now next; and that His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, should be entitled to the Possession of such Parts of the said Premises as were then in Hand on the said Second Day of August then and now next, and to receive the Rents, Issues and Profits of the Remainder of the said Premises as and from that Day; and after reciting that the Lands and Woods in the Parish of Dixton, Parts of the said Premises, had been valued to the Crown, in the Computation of the said Purchase Money, as being exempt from all Rectorial and Vicarial Tithes, it was further agreed, that if the said Henry Hall Viscount Gage, his Heirs or Assigns, should not make out and deduce a clear and satisfactory Title to the Tithes of the said last mentioned Lands and Woods, or to an Exemption from the Payment thereof, then and in such case the said Henry Hall Viscount Gage, his Heirs or Assigns, should either deduct or allow unto The King's Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, out of the said Purchase Money, the Sum of One thousand five hundred and eleven Pounds Five Shillings, or to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners indemnify His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, from any Loss, Damage, Costs, Charges or Expences on account of such Tithes or any Claims or Demands in respect thereof; and it was by the Articles of Agreement expressly agreed, that nothing therein contained should extend or be construed to charge the Commissioners, Parties thereto, in their own Persons, or their or any of their own proper Lands or Tenements, Goods or Chattels, with or for the Performance of any of the Covenants or Agreements in the said Articles of Agreement contained, but that such Covenants or Agreements should only be enforced as against the Land Revenues of the Crown; and that all Costs, Charges and Expences which should or might become payable by reason or means of any such Covenants or Agreements, or any Breach or Non Performance thereof, should be enforced, raised, levied and recovered by, from or out of such Revenues only, any thing in the said Articles of Agreement contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding: And after further reciting that it was intended to apply to Parliament in the theu and now present Session for an Act to confirm the said Agreement, and to enable the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues to raise the Sums requisite to pay the several Instalments of the Purchase Money before mentioned, as they should respectively become due, by Sales of competent Parts of the Land Revenues of the Crown, it was thereby expressly provided and declared, that if such Act of Parliament as aforesaid should not be passed in this present Session of Parliament, then the said Articles of Agreement and the Contract thereby made, and every thing therein contained, should cease, determine and be wholly void: And Whereas from the Quantity of thriving Oak Timber now growing on the said Estates, Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments by the said Articles of Agreement agreed to be sold and disposed of, and the Facility of conveying' the Timber growing thereon when cut to the Government Dock Yards by Water Carriage, and from the Contiguity of the said Estate,

Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments to the Royal Forest of Dean, whereby the fame may be managed as the Crown Lands by the Officers of the said Forest at a small Expence, the fame appears to be a desirable Purchase, and it is therefore expedient to make Provisions for enabling the said Commissioners,

Parties to the said Articles of Agreement, to make good the Contract thereby entered into on behalf of His Majesty, and to carry the fame into Effect; and in order to have a Fund ready for the Payment of the several Instalments of the said Purchase Money as they shall respectively become due, it is expedient that the Commissioners for the time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues should be authorized and empowered to sell and dispose of certain Parts and Possessions of the Land Revenues of the Crown, to raise the Monies which will be requisite to pay the said Instalments as they shall become payable, and should be enabled to apply the Monies so to be raised in the Payment thereof accordingly: And Whereas by an Act passed in the First Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled An Act for the better Support of Her j Ann. &ut*X. Majesty's Household, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown, it was amongst other things enacted and c. 7. $ declared, that all and every Grant, Lease or other Assurance, which from and after the Twentieth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and two, should be made or granted by the said Queen, Her Heirs or Successors, Kings or Queens of this Realm, under any of the Seals therein mentioned, or by Copy of Court Roll, or otherwise howsoever, of any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Tithes, Woods or other Hereditaments (Advowsons, Churches and Vicarages only excepted), to any Person or Persons, Body Politic or Corporate whatever, whereby any Estate or Interest should pass from the said Queen, Her Heirs or Successors, should be void and of none Effect, unless the fame should be made for some Term or Estate not exceeding Thirty one Years or Three Lives, and unless there should be reserved by such Grants, Leases or Assurancea

such

160 C.

57° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1817.

56.

Recited Articles of Agreement ratified and confirmed.

Commissioners of Wood* empowered to fell other Possessions or .Land Revenues of the Crown, in order to raise the I'ur-chtfe Money to be paid to Lord Gage with ln-tercft

97*

'uch Rents as in the said Act is expressed; in which said Act is contained a Provisofthat where the greatest Part of the yearly Value of any Tenements or Hereditaments which belonged to the said Queen, Her Heirs and Successors, should, at the time of making any Lease or Grant thereof, consist of the Building or Buildings thereupon which might want to be repaired or re-edified, in every such case, to encourage the Rebuilding or Reparation thereof, it was declared and enacted, that it should be lawful for the said Queen, Her Heirs and Successors, at any time after the said Twentieth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and two, to demise or grant such Tenements or Hereditaments to any Person or Persons for any Term or Estate, so as such Term or Estate did not exceed Fifty Years or Three Lives, and so as such Lease or Grant should be made to commence from the Date or making thereof 5 or if such Grant or Lease should be made to take Effect in Reversion or Expectancy, that then the fame, together with the Estate or Estates in Possession of and in the fame Tenements or Hereditaments should not exceed Fifty Years or Three Lives from the Date or making* thereof as aforesaid, and so as the fame should not be made difpunishable of Waste, and so as there should be reserved and payable upon every such Lease or Grant during such Term, not exceeding Fifty Years or Three Lives, as much Rent as was by the said Act required to be reserved for the fame Tenements or Hereditaments respectively in case of a Lease not exceeding One and thirty Years or Three Lives and not otherwise: And WTiereas since the passing of the said Act certain Parts and Portions of the Lands and Land Revenues of the Crown, which from their unimprovable Nature, inconvenient Situation or other Circumstances, were not desirable to be held or retained, have from time to time been fold and disposed of under the Authority of divers Acts of Parliament passed for that Purpose 5 and some Part of the Monies which have been produced thereby have been applied in the Redemption of the Land Tax charged on the Crown Estates, or have been set apart and appropriated for that Purpose, and some Parts thereof have been disposed of in the Purchase of other Estates or a more improvable Nature, which have been conveyed or settled so as to form and become Part of the Possessions of the Crown, and other Parts of such Monies have been appropriated to ameliorate and improve divers Parts of the Crown Estates: And Whereas it would greatly tend to the better Management and Improvement of the Land Revenues of the Crown, if the Commissioner» of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues were authorized and empowered to purchase and buy, with the Content and Approbation of the Lord High Treasurer of the United Kingdom of Great Britain anb Ireland, or the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for the time being, for and on the behalf of His ^yefty, from time to time as advantageous Opportunities may arise or occur, any Estates, Manors, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, (to become Part of the Land Revenues of the Crown, and to be placed within the Government and under the Ordering and Survey of the Court of Exchequer, ) which can be procured on fair and reasonable Terms, which may be fifuate, adjoining or near to any of the Royal Forests, or to any extensive Estates already forming Part of the Possemons of the Crown, and which from their Situation or other Circumstances may be conveniently placed wholly or principally under the Management of the Officers or Agents having already the Care of inch Forests or other Estates of the Crown, under the Superintendence and Chntroul of the Commissioners for the time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, and which in their Judgment shall be desirable to be purchased for and on the behalf of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors; and that for raising the Funds necessary for effecting such Purchases, the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues should be authorized and empowered from time to time, by and with the Consent and Approbation of the said Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, to make Sale and dispose of any Part r Parts of the Possessions or Land Revenues of the Crown within the Ordering and Survey of the Court of Exchequer, which shall in their Judgment be desirable to be sold, and which shall be sufficient to raise the necessary Purchase ^fonies for effecting and completing such Purchases; and it is also expedient to make other Provisions for the benefit and Improvement of the Land Revenue of the Crown Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said hereinbefore in part recited Articles of Agreement, bearing Date the said Fifteenth Day of May in this present Year One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, shall be and the same are hereby ratified and confirmed, and made valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues for the time being, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to contract and agree with any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, for the Sale of, or absolutely to make Sale and dispose of any Part or Parts of the Possessions or Land Revenues of the Crown within the Ordering and Survey of the Exchequer, which do or shall consist of any Royalties, Honours, Hundreds, Manors, Lordships, Franchises or any Rights, Members or Appurtenances thereof, or thereto belonging or appertaining, or any Fines, Issues, Amerciaments, Profits, Dues or Monies arising therefrom, or incident to, or receivable in respect thereof, or any Messuages, Lands, Tithes, Rents, Mines, Minerals, Collieries, Woods, Wood Grounds, Fens, Marshes, Waste Lands or any other Tenements or Hereditaments whatsoever, which shall in their Judgment be desirable to be sold, at or for the best Prices or Considerations in Money which the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues shall, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, or any Three or more of them, be able to procure for the fame, as will raise a Sum sufficient to pay the mid Purchase Money so to be paid to the said Henry Hall Viscount Gage, and the Interest due thereon; and the Expences of making and completing the said Purchase and Sales, and the Monies arising from the Sale or Sales of any of the said Possessions or Land Revenues of the Crown, shall be laid out by the Order of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues for the time being,

14 (who

A.D. 1817. 57° GEORGII III. C. 97. 461

(who are for that Purpose herebyauthorized to make Drafts on the Bank for the fame, ) in the Payment and

Discharge of the respective Instalments of such Purchase Money as they shall respectively become due, and the Interest then payable to the said Henry Hall Viscount Gage, his Heirs and Assigns, and in the Payment of such ExpenceB as aforesaid; and in the mean time, and until such respective Instalments and the Interest

thereon shall become due and payable, and such Payments shall be required, all and every Sum and Sums of

Money anting from such Sales shall from time to time be paid into the Bank of England, and placed to the

Account directed, by an Act passed in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An 50G.3, c. 6jr

AS for uniting the Offices of Surveyor General of the Land Revenues of the Croton and Surveyor General of

His Majesty's Woods, Forests, Parks and Chaces> to be ratted in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, intituled " The Account of the Public Monies of the Commissioners of His Majeny's

u Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, being The Woods and Forests Fund.*

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the CommUtioners of His Majesty's Commissioners

Woods, Forests and Land Revenues for the time being, from time to time as advantageous Purchases may of Woods, &r. arise or occur, by and with the Consent and Approbation of the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of empo^r^to the rJYe*fury for the time being, or any Three of them, to contract for and purchase for and on the behalf of of t

His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, any Estates, Manors, Lordships, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Crown, lying ad-Hereditaments in Fee Simple, or any Copyhold Lands or Hereditaments which can be procured on fair and jacent to the reasonable Terms, tituate and lying contiguous or near to any of the Royal Forests, or any extensive Estates Royal Forests, car already forming Part of the Possessions of the Crown, and which from their Situation or other Circumstances j? p*r

may be conveniently placed wholly or principally under the Management of the Officers or Agents having oPthe'crown! already the Care of such Forests or other Estates of the Crown, under the Superintendence and Coatroul of the Commissioners for the time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, and which on those Accounts, or for any other Reason, shall in their Judgment be desirable to be purchased for and on the behalf of His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors \ and all such Estates, Manors, Lordships, Messuages, Lands,

Tenements and Hereditaments so to be purchased, as well as the said Manors, Lordships, Messuages, Lands,

Tenements and Hereditaments comprized in the said recited Articles of Agreement, shall, on the Completion of tb^ respective Purchases thereof, become Part of the Land Revenues of the Crown within the Ordering and Survey of the Exchequer in England, and shall be settled and administered to the same Uses and in the same manner as such Land Revenues now are or hereafter may be settled or administored.

IV. And for the providing Funds for the Payment of the Purchase Monies of such Estates, Manors, Commissioners Lordships, Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments so to be purchased under the Authority of empowered to this A A, be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's clowALends*Woods, Forests and Land Revenues for the time being, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, for the Purpose from time to time to contract and agree with any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, of providing for for the Sale of, and absolutely to make Sale and dispose of any Part or Parts of the Possessions or Land Re- the Purchase venues of the Crown within the Ordering and Survey of the Exchequer in England, which do or shall contift Monies of,

of any Royalties, Honours, Hundreds, Manors, Lordships or Franchises, or any Rights, Members or Ap- by them

portenances thereof or thereto belonging or appertaining, or any Fines, Issues, Amerciaments, Profits, on behalf of the

Dues or Monies arising therefrom or incident to or receivable in iyfpe& thereof $ or any Messuages, Lands, Crown,

Tithes, Rents, Mines, Minerals, Collieries, Woods, Wood Grounds, Fens, Marshes, Waste Lands or

any other Tenements or Hereditaments whatsoever, or any other Revenues of or belonging to the Crown,

within the Ordering and Survey aforesaid, which shall in their Judgment be desirable to be Cold, for the bed

Prices or Considerations in Money which the said Commissioners for the time being of His Majesty's Woods,

Forests and Land Revenues shall, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, or any Three or more of them, be able to procure for the fame j and all and every Sum and Sums of Money arising from such Sales shall from time to time be paid into the Bank of England, and placed to the Account intituled ' The Account of the Public Monies of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, being The Woods and Forests Fund, and the Monies so paid in shall be laid out and applied from time to time, by the Order of the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues for the time being, (who are hereby authorized to make Drafts on the Bank for that Purpose, ) in the Payment and Discharge of, any Purchase Monies for any Estates, Manors, Lordships, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments so to be purchased for and on behalf of His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, by the said Commissioners under the Authority of this Act, when and as such Purchase Monies shall become due and payable to the Person or Persons entitled thereto, and of all Interest due on such Purchase Monies; and in the Payment and of Interest

and Discharge of all Expences incurred in or about the making and completing any Purchases or Sales and Expance?,

under the Authority of this Act, and also in the Payment and Discharge of any Incumbrances or Charges ani* of Incunr)7 affecting any of the Estates and Possessions of His Majesty within the Ordering and Survey of the Exchequer; but such Monies shall not be applicable to or applied or dttposed of for any other Use or Purpose Crown.° 6 whatsoever.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Contract for the Purchase or Sale of any Estate No Contra^ for

or Estates shall be made under the Authority of this Act, unless by Special Warrant to be issued for that Sale made bur by Purpose by the said Lord High Treasurer or the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Three or more of Special Warrant them for the time being.'of Treasury*

VI. And be it further enacted, That whenever the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and When Sa|ti ire

Land Revenues for the time being shall have contracted with any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic made, Coounif. or Corporate, for the Sale of any of the Possessions or Land Revenues of the Crown hereby authorized to Honor* to grant

57 Geo. III. Y be Certificate* 10

Purchasers, describing the Premises, &c.

Receipt of the Purchase Money without Ffce.

Fpnn of Certificate and Receipt-

Inrolment

thereof.

A Discharge to Purchasers.

Not paying Purchase Money into Bank, or not injroUing Certificate and Receipt in .proper time, Penalty.

Warrant from Treasury a Sufficient Indemnity to Purchaser.

Power of Corti-raUfionergto give Notices, and

c.

C. 97. 57° GEORGII III. A.D. 1817.

be sold for "the Turpofefl aforesaid, the said Commissioners shall grant the Purchaser or respective Purchasers thereof a Certificate under their Hands, describing the Premises so agreed to be sold, and the Amount of the Purchase Money to be paid for the same, and which shall accordingly be paid into the Bank of England within Thirty one Days after the Date of such Certificate $ and the Cashiers of the Bank, or One of them* shall upon the Production of such Certificate accept and receive the Purchase Monies therein mentioned, and carry the same to the Account therein specified, and at the Foot or on the Back of such Certificate, acr knowledge the Receipt of the fame, without Fee or Reward; and every such Certificate and Receipt shall be according to the Form contained in the Schedule to this Act annexed, or as near thereto as the Circumstances of the case will admit; and every such Certificate and Receipt shall, within Two Calendar Months -after the Date of such Certificate, be taken to the Office of the Auditor of the Land Revenue for the District within which the Premises therein described are Situate, and be there forthwith inrolled in the proper Books for that Purpose; and such Auditor, having inrolled the said Certificate and Receipt, shall attest the fame under his Hand, and shall, upon receiving the usual Fees for such Inrolment, return the said Certificate and Receipt to the Purchaser or Purchasers; and from and after such Inrolment, and thenceforth for ever, the respective Purchasers, their Heirs or Successors, shall by force and virtue of this Act be and be ad* judged, deemed and taken to be in the actual SeiSin and Possession of the Premises, Rights and Interests to be by them respectively purchased, and shall hold and enjoy the fame peaceably and quietly, freed and this-charged from all Claims and Demands of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, or of any Person or Persons claiming under him or them, as fully and amply to all Intents and Purposes as His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, might or could have held and enjoyed the fame if such Sale had not taken place; and every such Certificate shall be respectively witneSTed and attested as to the signing thereof by the said Commissioners* by one of the Principal Clerks or other Officers in their Office; and every such Certificate and Receipt* being enrolled as aforesaid, shall effectually discharge the respective Purchasers to whom the same shall be given or granted, of and from the Consideration or Purchase Money therein expressed, and such Purchasers shall never afterwards be liable to be called upon, sued, troubled, molested or questioned, for or in respect thereof or any Part thereof.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons to whom any such Certificate as aforesaid shall be granted. shall neglect to pay into the Bank the Consideration Money therein to be specified, for the Space of Thirty one Days after the Date of such Certificate, ot shall neglect to inrol such Certificate and the said Cashier'a Receipt for the Money, for the Space of Two Calendar Months after the Date of such Certificate, then every such Certificate shall be null and void, and the Consideration Money; if paid into the Bank, shall be forfeited, unless the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues for the time being shall, for any reasonable Cause to be Shewn to them for the Omission of such Inrolment, order the fame Certificate and Receipt to be inrolled nunc fro tunc, and which, upon such Cause being shewn, they are hereby authorized and empowered to do.

VIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That whenever any of such PoSTessions or Land Revenues of the Crown as aforesaid shall be sold and disposed of by the Commissioners for the time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, under the Authority of this Act, with the Approbation and under the Authority of a Warrant from the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them for the time being, issued for that Purpose, the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof shall not be bound or required to make any Further Enquiry, whether the fame were or are saleable under the Authority of this Act, or into the Powers of the Commissioners in making such Sale $ but every such Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, having ascertained the same to have been fold under the Authority of a Warrant from the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, or any Three or more of them, and having obtained such Certificate as aforesaid, and paid the Purchase Money therein specified, land procured the Receipt of the Cashiers of the Bank of England, or One of them, for such Purchase Mo-foey, and having inrolled the said Certificate and Receipt with the Auditor of the Land Revenue within the time and in manner required by this Act, shall hold the Premises so purchased by him, her or them, and shall have free*, quiet and peaceable Possession and Enjoyment thereof, and shall not be liable to be thereafter diilurbed under any Pretence or Pretences that the Estates, PoSTessions or Revenues so fold and purchased by him, her or them, were not saleable under the Powers or Authorities of this Act, or any other Pretence or Pretences whatsoever.

1 IX. And Whereas Doubts have arisen and may hereafter arise in cases where any Notice, Claim, De* f maud or Entry may be requisite to be given or made by or on the behalf of The King's Majesty, His 1 Heirs or Successors, touching any of the Estates or Land Revenues of the Crown within the Orderingor Survey of the Exchequer, either with a View to the obtaining Possession thereof, by compelling the Tenant, LeSTee or Occupier thereof to quit and yield up the fame, or with a View to enforce the Performance of any Covenant, Contract or Agreement, or of any other Act in relation thereto, or the Payment of any Sum of Money which is<or ought to be paid in respect thereof, or for any other Purpose relative to such Estates or Land Revenues, or any Part thereof, whether the Commissioners for the time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues cau lawfully give such Notices or make any such Claims, Demands or Entries, where no 'express Powers are reserved or given to them for those Purposes $ and it is expedient that such Doubts Should be removed, and that the said Commissioners Should be authorized and empowered to do all such Acts as herein after mentioned, for or on the behalf of His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors Be it therefore further enacted, That it shall be lawful fur the Commissioners for the time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, and theyare hereby authorized and empowered, to give any Notice or Notices*, or make, any Claim or Demand* Claims or Demands, and to depute or au*

9*thorize

A.D. 1817. 57° GEORGII III. C. 97, 163

thorize any Person or Persons to make any Entry or Entries, which shall be requisite or expedient to be riven compel Tenants or made by or on the behalf of His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, either with a View to compel any to qu*« Estate*, Tenant, Lessee or Occupier of any of the Estates which do now or shall hereafter belong to His Majesty, Wongro&to

His Heirs or Successors, within the Ordering and Survey of the Exchequer, to quit or deliver up the Pof- 1 e Crown' session thereof, or to perform any Covenant, Contract or Engagement in relation thereto, or to do any Act which is or ought to be done in regard to the Reparation, Cultivation or Management of any or such Estates, or otherwise in relation thereto, or to the Payment of any Sum of Money which is, shall or ought to be paid to or for the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, in respect thereof, or any other Notice, Claim, Demand or Entry which shall or may be requisite or expedient to be given or made by or for, or on the behalf of His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, touching any of the Estates, Possessions or Land Revenues which do now or shall hereafter belong to His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, within the Ordering and Survey of the Exchequer.; and that every such Notice, Claim or Demand which shall heretofore have been or which shall be given or made in Writing under the Hands of the said Commissioners for the time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, or any Two of them, for any of the Purposes aforesaid; and every Entry which shall or may be made by- any Person or Persons by them deputed or au- All Entries thorized to make the fame on the behalf of His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, into or upon any of the mad? under Aum said Estates or Possessions, shall be good, valid and effectual to all Intents and Puiyofes whatsoever, and shall have such and the like Force and Effect as if the fame had been or were respectively given or made by His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, or some Person authorized by Law to give or make the fame respectively on his or their behalf, and all such Notices, Claims, Demands or Entries shall respectively be deemed, construed and taken to have been and to be given and made by or on behalf of His Majesty, His 'Heirs and Successors; any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

X. And Whereas there are at Newmarket, in the County of Cambridge, certain Buildings and Grounds

held and enjoyed therewith respectively, belonging to the Crown, but of more Expence than Value to the

Crown, and it is expedient that the fame should be sold, namely, a certain Building called The Palace> tih&

a certain Building (heretofore the Greyhound Inn) thereto adjoining, and now or heretofore united or there- with occupied or enjoyed, with the Areas, Courts and Garden Grounds thereto belonging, extending from the High Street in Front to Ram Lane in the Rear thereof, in Newmarket aforesaid; and also certain Build-

ings called The Kings Great Stablest with the Tenements, Offices, Yards and Ground thereto belonging,

situate in Ram Lane aforesaid; and also a certain Tenement, with the Offices, Yards and Garden Ground '*thereto belonging, called The Nunnery, or The Kings Store Tard, in Saxton Lane in Newmarket aforesaid,

and adjoining in Part to the Yard of All Saints Church there; and also a certain Building used as and for '* a Depository for Ice, and called The Ice House or Ice Well, in Newmarket aforesaid: And Whereas Doubts '* may arise whether such Premises are within the Sufvey and Receipt of the Exchequer in England, and

whether the same are saleable under the Powers contained in this present or any existing Act of Parliament for the Sale of Property belonging to the Crown Be it therefore further enacted, That it shall and may Power to fell the

be lawful for tile said Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues for the time being, Pflsctsndcer-

with the Consent and Approbation of the said Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury, or i^Prewiffi

any Three or more of them for the time being, to make Sale and absolutely to dispose of the said Buildings at at Newmarket.

Newmarket (except any Parts thereof of which the old Materials may have been already sold or disposed of),

and the Ground and Soil whereon the fame stand, and any other of the Hereditaments and Premises situate at

Newmarket hereinbefore described, for the best Price or Confederation in Money which the said 1 Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues for the time being shall, under the Direction and with such Approbation as aforesaid, be able to obtain for the fame; and such Sale shall be good, valid and effectual

in the Law to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, and shall be made in the same manner alnd under the likfe

Rules and Regulations as other Sales are hereby directed to be made under the Authority of this Act; and the Purchase Monies arising therefrom shall be applied in the same manner and to and for fame Purposes as

any other Purchase Monies arising from the Sale of any other of the Possessions or Land Revenues of the

Crown, hereby authorized to be sold, are hereby directed or authorized to be applied.

XI. And Whereas an Act was passed in the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, in- 53 G. 3. c. 121.

tituled An Act for making a more convenient Communication from Mary le bone Park, and the Northern §34*

Parts of the Metropolis in the Parish of Saint Mary le bone, to Charing Cross, within the Liberty of Westminster 5 and for making a more convenient Sewage for the fame; by which said Act the Commissioners«thereby appointed were empowered, amongst other things, by and with the Consent and Approbation in«Writing of the said Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them,

4 to convey in Exchange all or any Part of the Hoyfes, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments of«or belonging to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, situate within any or either of the Parishes through

which the said Streets and Places respectively to be erected and built, altered, flopped up, repaired or imr-« proved, under or by virtue of that Act, extend, in lieu of and in Exchange for any other Houses, Buildings,

Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments which should be wanted for the Purposes of that Act; and also to demise or lease, or previous to any such Demise or Lease to enter into any Contract or Agreement for the«demifing or leafing, with such Consent and Approbation as aforesaid, all or any Part of the Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments to be purchased, erected, built, altered, repaired and improved

under or by virtue of that Act, for any term or terms of Years not exceeding Ninety-nine Years from the making thereof, at such Rent or Rents, and under such Covenants, Conditions, Clauses and Restrictions,

'4 and in such mantieras the said Commissioners for executing that Act should from time to time, with such Consent and Approbation as aforesaid, judge proper and think most advantageous, and to receive and take

Y 2*any

The Commissioners under 53 G. 3. C.I4T. enabled to make Leases in Exchange for other Leasehold Proper-

Extending the Powers of the Commissioners, as to leafing the Houses on the West Side of the Haymarket ond between the Haymarket, Piccadilly, &c. and the East Side of the New Street.

C. 97. 57° GEORGII III. A.D. 1817.

any Fine or Fines for granting such Leases, and to apply all such Fines to the Purposes of that A d2 And Whereas Doubts have arisen whether under the Authorities thereby granted, the said Commissioners have Power of granting Leases in Exchange for other Leasehold Property; which Doubts it is expedient should be removed; and it is likewise expedient that the leafing Power contained in the said last recited Act and in this Act should be extended so as to comprize the Plot of Ground herein after described, and the Buildings erected or to be erected thereon Be it therefore further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners for the time being for carrying the said last mentioned Act into Execution, by and with the Consent in Writing of the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, or any Three or more of them, to demise or lease, or previous to any Demise or Lease to enter into any Contract or Agreement for the demiting or leafing, all or any Part of the Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments of or belonging to His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, situate within any or either of the Pantiles through which the said Streets and Places respectively to be erected and built, altered, (lopped up, repaired or improved, under or by virtue of the said last mentioned Act, do extend, to any Person or Persons for any Term of Years not exceeding Ninety nine Years from the making thereof, at such Rent or Rents, and under such Covenants, Conditions, Clauses and Restrictions, and in such manner as the said Commissioners for the time being for executing the said last mentioned Act shall from time to time, with such Consent and Approbation as aforesaid, judge proper, either wholly or in Part, in lieu of or in Exchange for any Lease or Leases, Asignment or Alignments, of any other Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments which shall be wanted for the Purposes of the said Act, and in which said Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments so wanted, the Person or Persons treating for such Exchange may have only a Leasehold or some other limited Interest.

XII. And Whereas some of the Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments belonging to the Crown, situate on the West Side of the Street called The Haymarket, and behind the fame on the East ' Side of the New Street, extending from P.iccadilly on the North to Charles Street on the South, and from the Haymarket on the East to the East Side of the New Street on the West, are adjacent to and in some Degree oonneded with the Improvements now making under the Authority of the said Act of the Fifty third Year of His present Majesty's Reign; but Doubts have arisen whether the same are within the Provisions of the said Act; but if all such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments wens exprefaly included in the Provisions for granting Leases comprized herein and in the said Act, it would remove such Doubts and tend to encourage Builders and other Persons to undertake the carrying into Execation the Buildings and Works intended to be made with a View to the Improvement of the Western Side of the said Street called The Haymarket, and behind the same as aforesaid, and such Improvement would he

of great public Utility; Be it therefore further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners for the time heibg for carrying the said Act of the Fifty third Year of His Majesty's Reign into Exer cution, with the Consent and Approbation in Writing of the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, or any Three of them, to demise or lease, or previous to any such Demise or Lease to enter into any Contract or Agreement with any Person or Persons for the demifing or leafing, with such Consent and Approbation as aforesaid, all or any Part of the said Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments belonging to His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, within the Ordering and Survey of the Exchequer, situate on the West Side of the said Street called The Haymarket, and all or any Part of the Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments belonging to His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, within the Ordering and Survey aforesaid, situate between Piccadilly on the North and Charles Street aforesaid on the South, and between the Street called The Haymarket on the East and the East Side of the New Street aforesaid on the West, for any Term or Terms of Years not exceeding Ninety nine Years from the making thereof, at such Rent or Rents and under such Covenants, Conditions, Clauses and Restrictions, and either in Exchange or not in Exchange for any other Houses, Buildings, Lands or Hereditaments, and in such manner as the said Commissioners for the time being for carrying the said last mentioned Act into Execution shall from time to time, with such Consent and Approbation as aforesaid, judge proper and think most advantageous, and to receive and take any Fine or Fines for granting such Leases, and to apply all such Fines to the Purposes of the said Act; and that every Lease of the said Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments hereinbefore described, so to be granted by the said Commissioners for carrying the said last mentioned Act into Execution, shall be valid and effectual, and the Rents anting therefrom shall be reserved, received and applied in such and the like manner as if the said Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments had been included within the Provisions of the said last mentioned Act, and in the Map or Plan and Book of Reference therein referred to; and all and every such Lease and Leases of the said Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, and all and every Lease and Leases to be made in Exchange under the Authority of this Act, shall be made according to the Forms and utider the like Rules, Regulations and Provisions, aa other Leases made by the said Commissioners under the Authority of the said recited Act of the Fifty third Year of the Reign 01 His present Majesty, are or usually have been made, or as near thereto as the Circumstances of the case will admit.

XIII. And Whereas a certain Street or Place called Market Row South, situate on the South Side of Saint James'e Market, in the Parish of Saint James within the Liberty of Westminster, hath been used for several Years pad, by the Bermission of His Majesty's Lessees, as a public Street or Thoroughfare, but the Soil and Freehold of the said Street have remained and continued and are now veiled in His Majesty in Right of His Crown: And Whereas the Commissioners for carrying the said Act of the Fifty third Year of the Reign

cf His Majesty into Execution are empowered to cause several of the Streets, Ways, Passagea or Places therein described to be widened, altered, flopped up or improved; but Doubts have arisen whether such

' Powers

57° GEORGII III. C. 97. 165

x Powers extend to authorize or enable the said Commissioners to Hop up the said Street called Market Rom South; but such Street has ceased to be any longer used as a public Thoroughfare, in consequence of

another Street or Way being about to be opened from Norris Street into the New Street in lieu or stead

thereof, and of the Alterations now made and making in the Neighbourhood thereof, and it is deiirable that the said Street and the Soil and Freehold thereof should be veiled m His Majesty, freed and discharged from

all public or other Rights of passing or repafiing over the fame Now therefore it is hereby further enacted.

That the said Street or Place called Market Row South shall henceforth for ever hereafter cease to be a public The Strest or Street, Way or Passage, and that the Soil and Freehold of the said Street or Place shall remain and continue at Row called all times hereafter veiled in His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, freed and discharged from all public and Market Row private Right of passing or repafiing over and along the fame, and that the fame Street, and the Scite, Soil and to*

Freehold thereof shall be liable to be sold, exchanged, leased or disposed of by the Commissioners for carrying P*

the said last mentioned Act into Execution, in such and the like manner as any other of the Estates or Pofr sessions of the Crown which are comprized within the Provisions of the said last mentioned Act, and which shall not be wanted for the Purposes of such Act, are thereby authorized to be sold, exchanged or leased.

XIV. And Whereas by an Inquisition taken on the Ninth Day of December in the Fifty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, by virtue of a Commission issued out of His Majesty's Court of Exchequer,

4 it was found that William Henry White was indebted to the Crown in the Sum of Forty one thousand Pounds5 and the said William Henry White, at the Date of such Inquisition, was seised of or entitled to a 4 great Number of small Rents, which were heretofore Crown Rents, Chief Rents, Fee Farm and Quit Rents,

4 or other small Rents issuing out of and payable from various Estates situate iu many different Counties in England and Wales: And Whereas, from the said Rents being separately of small annual Amount, and issuing out of Estates situate and lying dispersed in different Counties and Parts of England and Wales as Inquisition,

aforesaid, the ordinary Course of Proceeding to a Sale thereof by Extent, and by making Sale thereof before 9thDec. 56G.3. 4 the Deputy Remembrancer of the Court of Exchequer, will nearly exhaust the Proceeds of such Sales; and ^ma!1 Rcn* be"

4 it is therefore expedient to make other Provisions for the Disposal of such Rents* Be it therefore enacted, i°te Wm°H*nry That all and every the Rents which were heretofore Crown Rents, Chief Rents, Fee Farm, Quit Rents or white, issuing other small Rents issuing out of and payable from any Estate or Estates, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments out of Estates in wheresoever, in England or Wales, the fame may be situate, which were the Property of or belonging to the diver* Counties, said William Henry White, or in or to which he was in any way seised or entitled on or subsequent to the Comt»iV(MierS Ninth Day of December in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, shall, from and im- of°His Majesty's mediately after the passing of this Act, vest in the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Woods, &c. in Revenues for the time being (subject to the Dower of Ann the Wife of the said William Henry White therein, truil to be sold if any such she shall be entitled to I, in Trust to sell and dispose thereof in manner herein after directed; and for Payment of the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby authorized and empowered, as soon as conveniently may be £ after the passing of this Act, to contract and agree with any Person or Persons, or any Body or Bodies Politic Crow^ or Corporate, for the Sale of and absolutely to make Sale and dispose of all or any of the said Rents hereby Subject to vested in them in Trust as aforesaid, at or for the best Prices or Considerationsin Money which the said Com? Dower of Ann missioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues can reasonably procure for the same.

XV. And for facilitating the Conveyance of the aforesaid Rents to the respective Purchasers thereof, be it Certificate* to be further enacted, That whensoever the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues given to

shall have contrafted with any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, for the Sale of any Rent or ? R*nts

Rents hereby authorized to be sold by them, the said Commissioners shall grant unto the Purchaser or Pur- a*d ^PurcUfe

chafers thereof a Certificate under their Hands, specifying the Rent or Rents so contrafted for, the Estates Monies to be

from whence they issue, and the Amount of the Purchase Money to be paid for the same; and the Cashiers of paid into the

the Bank of England, or one of them, shall, upon the Production of such Certificate, accept and receive from

such Purchaser or Purchasers the Purchase Monies therein specified, and at the Foot or on the Back of such

Certificate acknowledge the Receipt of the said Monies, without Fee or Reward, and return the said Certificate

and Receipt to the Purchaser or Purchasers; and from and immediately after such Purchase Money shall be so

paid, and such Receipt given, and thenceforth for ever, the respective Purchasers of all and every or any of

such Rents, and their Heirs, Successors or Assigns, shall by force of this Act be adjudged, deemed and taken

to be in the actual Seisin and Possession of the Rents so by them respectively purchased, |nd shall hold and

enjoy the fame peaceably and quietly, and as fully and amply to all Intents and Purposes as the said William

Heasry White, his Heirs or Assigns, might or could have held or enjoyed the fame if the said Extent had never

been issued.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the Certificates to be granted by the said Commissioners, upon the Certificates to be

Sale of any such Rent or Rents of the said William Henry White as aforesaid, shall be in the Words and in the following Figures following, or as near thereto as Circumstances will admit$ (that is to say, ) Fonn*

____*By the Commissioners of His Majesty Woods, Forests and Land Revenues.

f l'HESE are to certify, That A.B. and C.D. Two of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods,

Forests and Land Revenues, have contrafted and agreed with E»F'. of for the Sale to him [her or them, as the case may be"] of all that Rent [or those Rents] of issuing and payable out of [briefly deserthing the Lands or Hereditaments chargeableJ at or for the Price or Sum of of lawful Money of Great Britain, to be paid by the said E.F. into

the Bank of England, and carried to the Account of the Public Monies of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, being The Woods and Forests Fund and from and immediately ' after the Payment of the said Sum in manner aforesaid, and thenceforth for ever, the said is, [and his,

hei*

i66

Certificate! to be wittered. Receipts of the Bank to be in the following Form.

Certain Bank Annuities Handing in the Name of Mr. White to be sold, and the Proceeds thereof applied in Reduction of his laid Debt.

Indemnity to the Governor and Company of the Bank and their Officers.

Surplus (if any) which shall remain after Debt of the Crown satisfied, to be paid over to Mr. White.

C. 97: 576 GEORGII II1. A.D. 1817.

5 her or their Heirs, Successors or Assigns, as the cafeJbalt bc-\ shall be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be in the actual Seisin and Possession of the said Rent or Rents] so by him [her or them] purchased by force and virtue of an Act of Parliament passed in the Fifty-seventh Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act \inserting the Title of this Act-\.

Given under the Hands of the said A.B. and C.D. the Day of .'

Which said Certificates shall be respectively witnessed and attested, as to the signing thereof by the said Commissionera, by One of the Principal Clerks or other Officers in their Office: And that the Receipts to be given or subscribed by the Cashier of the Bank, at the Foot or on the Back of such Certificates respectively as aforesaid, shall be in the Words and Form following, or as near thereto as may bej (that is to say, )

4 RECEIVED the Day of One thousand eight hundred and

4^of and from E. F. the Sum of of lawful Money of Great Britain, being the Consideration Money expressed in the above [or within] written Certificate.

Witness my Hand,

For the Governor and Company of the Bank of England,

(Signed) Cashier.' '

Which said Certificates and Receipts shall effectually discharge the said Purchasers or other Persons, to whom the same shall be so given and granted, of and from the Purchase and Consideration Money therein respectively expressed; and such Purchasers or other Persons shall never afterwards be liable to or be called upon, sued, troubled, molested or questioned, for or in respect of such Purchase or Consideration Money, or any Part thereof*

XVII. And Whereas by an Inquisition taken on the Twenty second Day of January One thousancf

eight hundred and sixteen, by virtue of a Writ of Extent directed to the Sheriffs of the City of London,

grounded on t^e said first mentioned Inquisition, it was found that the said William Henry White was, on the said Ninth Day of December in the said Fifty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and at ther Date of the said last mentioned Inquisition, possessed of a Sum of Six hundred and seventy ninfe Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Five pence Three per Cent. Consolidated Bank Annuities, (landing in his own Name in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England and which said Sum was by virtue of the said Writ of Extent seised into The King's Hands, but the fame cannot be sold by reafou of the said William Henry White having absconded and absented himself, and it is expedient to make Provision for the Sale thereof, in order that the Produce thereof may be applied towards the Discharge of the Debt so due from the said William Henry White to His Majesty 5' Be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Chief Baron and the rest of the Barons of His Majesty's Court of Exchequer, upon any Application to be to them made by or on the behalf of His Majesty's Attorney General for the time being, to order or direct the Accountant General, Secretary or Deputy Secretary for the time being of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to transfer the said Six hundred and seventy nine Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Five pence Three per Cent. Consolidated Bank Annuities, so (landing in the Name of the said William Henry White as aforesaid in the Books of the said Governor and Company, into the Names of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues for the time being, to the Intent that the fame may be by them fold, and the Produce thereof applied and disposed of towards the Discharge of the Debt so due from the said William Henry White to His Majesty, as aforesaid, and also to receive the Dividends now due and which shall grow due upon the said Bank Annuities before such Transfer shall be made, and to pay oyer the fame unto the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, for the Purposes aforesaid; and the Governor and Company of the Bank of England shall and they are hereby authorized and required to allow such Transfer to be made, and such Dividends to be received and paid in manner aforesaid.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That this present Act shall be and is hereby declared to be a full and ample Indemnity and Discharge to the said Governor and Company of the Bank of Englandtheir Officers and Servants, for all things which shall be by them done or permitted to be done by virtue or in obedience to any such Order as aforesaid; and that the same shall not be questioned or impeached in any Court of Law Or Equity, or in any manner whatsoever, to their Prejudice, Loss or Detriment.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Surplus shall remain from the Monies arising and to be received from the Sales of the said Rents and Bank Annuities, or from the said Dividends hereby authorized and directed to be sold, transferred, received and paid as aforesaid, after the Debt due from the said William Henry White to the Crown shall be fully satisfied and discharged, such Surplus shall be paid over to the said William Henry White, his Heirs, Executors, Administrators or Assigns.

XX. And Whereas His Majesty is seised in Right of His Crown of certain Farms called The Great, Lodge Farm, and Slyfield or Slifield Lodge Farm, and of certain other Farms and Lands situate in or near the Parish of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts, with their Rights, Members and Appurtenances, which were heretofore Parcel of the Forest of Bray don within the said County of Wilts, and were Parcel of the Demesnes of the Crown within the same Forest or the Perambulations thereof: And Whereas the said Farms and Lands have been at all times heretofore held and esteemed to be exonerated and discharged from all Payments in lieu of Tithes, save and except a certain annual Exhibition, Allowance or yearly Stipend of Forty Pounds, payable to the Vicar for the time being of the said Parish of Cricklade: And Whereas the said Farms, Lands. 4 and Hereditaments being detached from any other Estates or Possessions of the Crown, and by reason thereof. 4 inconvenient and expensive in regard to the Management thereof, are therefore desirable to be sold, and some.

farts thereof are already contrafted to be sold, and the ' Residue thereof is proposed and intended to be here-

after

A.D. 1817.

*57° GEORGII III. C. 97.&7

after fold: And Whereat it would tend to facilitate such Sales, if the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues were authorized and empowered to indemnify the Purchasers of the said Farms, Lands and Hereditaments, from any Claim of Tithes arising from or out of the said Farms and Lands, and from any Payments in lieu of Tithes, save and except the said annual Exhibition, Allowance or yearly Stipend of Forty Pounds, or such Parts thereof as have been or shall be apportioned or stipulated or agreed to be charged upon each Lot or Parcel of the said Estates, and to be paid by the Purchaser or respective «Purchasers thereof; Be it therefore enacted, That it shall and maybe lawful to and for the Commissioners for the time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, to carry into Execution and complete such Sales as have been or shall hereafter be contracted to be made of the said Farms and Lands, either by and under the Authority of this Act, and in the manner and acdording to the Forms and Regulations hereby prescribed, or under the Authority and according to the Forms and Regulations contained in any other Act or Acts of Parliament, enabling the said Commissioners to make or perfe# the fame; and in order to facilitate such Sale or Sales and the Completion thereof respectively, the said Commissioners for the time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues are hereby authorized and empowered, if they shall think it expedient so to do, (by and with the Consent and Approbation of the Lord High Treasurer or of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them for the time being, to be signified by'kny Minute of the said Lord High Treasurer, or the said Commissioners, in Writing or by Letter from any one of his or tfieir Secretaries, in pursuance of any such Minute, ) to make or enter into any Deed, Covenant, Contract or Agreement, whereby the said Commissioners for the time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues shall and may covenant, undertake, promise or agree for and on the behalf of His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, to and with the Purchaser or respective Purchasers of the said Estates, or of any Lot or Lots, Parcel or Parcels thereof, to save, defend, keep harmless and indemnified such Purchaser or Purchasers and his, her and their Heirs, Executors, Administrators or Assigns, and his, her and their Lands or Tenements, Goods or Chattels, of, from and against all and all manner of Claims and Demands of any Person or Persons whomsoever, of, in or to any Tithes, Great or Small, praedial, personal or mixed, arising or to arise, grow or increase out of or from all or any of the said last mentioned Farms, Lands or Hereditaments, and of and from all Payments in respect thereof, and also of and from all or any Charges or Outgoings which shall or may be claimed, set up, or demanded by any Person or Persons, as against or asse#ing or payable out of or from or for or in respect of the said Farms, Lands and Hereditaments, or any Part thereof (other than and except such Part or Proportion of the said annual Exhibition, Allowance or yearly Stipend of Forty Pounds, so payable to the Vicar of Cricklade as aforesaid, or any other Payment, Charge or Outgoing as hath been or shall be stipulated or agreed to be paid and borne by such Purchaser or Purchasers respectively, or as shall be apportioned or set or agreed to be apportioned or set, upon the Lot or Lots, Parcel or Parcels of such Farms, Lands and Hereditaments by him, her or them respectively purchased or to be purchased, or which shall be charged or chargeable thereon by the Terms or Conditions of any such Sale or Sales), and also of and from all Actions, Suits, Costs, Charges, Lo(Te6, Damages and Expences, for or on account or by reason or means thereof.

XXI. And it is hereby further enacted, That in case any Sum or Sums of Money shall hereafter become <lue or payable to any Purchaser or Purchasers, his, her or their Heirs, Executors, Administrators or Assigns, by reason or means or any such Covenant, Contract or Agreement for his, her or their Indemnity as aforesaid, then and in every such case all and every such Sum or Sums of Money shall and may be raised by the said Com- inissioners for the time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, and they are hereby authorized and required to raise the fame by Sale of any of the Estates, Possessions or Revenues of the Crown by this Act authorized to be sold, which shall be deemed most proper and convenient for those Purposes j and every such Sale or Sales shall be made by and with the like Direction and Approbation of the Lord High Treasurer or of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, or any Three or more of them, and by and under his or their like Warrant, and shall be completed and carried into Execution under the like Certificate, and the Purchase Monies shall be paid into the Bank of England under the like Receipt and within the like Space of time and under the like Penalty, and be carried and placed to the like Account as are hereby provided and enacted with regard to any Sale or Sales to be made for any other Purposes under the Authority of this Act; and the Monies arising therefrom or a competent Part thereof, shall he afterwards issued, paid and applied, by Order of the Commissioners for the time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues (who are hereby authorized to make Drafts on the Bank for those Purposes), in the Discharge of the Expences attending tuch Sale or Sales, and in the Payment of such Sum or Sums as shall so become due or payable to such Purchaser or Purchasers, his, her or their Heirs, Executors, Administrators or Assigns, by reason or means of any such Covenant, Contract or Agreement as aforesaid.

XXII. And be it further cna#ed, That no Deed or Conveyance, Mortgage, Assignment or other Inftrtu ment which shall be made, executed or flgped by any Person or Persons in pursuance of the said recited Articles of Agreement, nor any Minute, Memorandum, Contract or Agreement to be made or entered into by or .with the Commissioners for the time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, for the Sale or Purchase of any other Estates, Manors, Lordships, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments by the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, under the Provisions of this Act; : nor any Certificate, Contract or Receipt, Deed, Covenant, Agreement or Indemnity to be given or granted, entered into or made to or with any Purchaser or Purchasers of any Estates, Manors, Lord ships, Messuages,

Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or of any of the said Rents heretofore Crown Rents, Chief Rents, Fee Farm, Quit Rents or other Rents to be sold by the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and .Land Revenues, under the Powers and Authority of this nor any Lease or Leases or any Contract or

Agreement

The Commissioners authorized to indent- -

nify the Purchasers of Lands, See. in Braydon Forest against Claimi of Tithes, See.

All Monies to become payable by virtue of such Indemnities, to be raised by Sale of Crown Lands.

All Deeds, Leases and other Instrumentj under this Act, to bfe exempt from Stamp Duty.

l68

Deeds to be m-rolled in the Office of the Auditor of the Land Revenues*

Good without Inrohnentsin the Courts, &c.

The Commissioners of Woods, &c. to certify in their Reports to the King, and Parliament, what Purchases or Sales have been made under this and how Monies have been applied.

Chancellor sod

Council of the Duchy of Lancaster may fell Part of their Funded Stock, and apply the Money towards the Improvement of the Lands, kc. belonging to the Said Duchy.

This Act an Indemnity to Bank for things done in obedience to Orders of said Chancellor, 5cc.

C. 97. 57° GEORGII III. A.D. 1817.

Agreement for any Lease or Leases to be entered into, made or granted by virtu* of this/Ad, shall be subject or liable to any ad valorem or other Stamp Duty whatsoever, imposed by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in force or to be imposed by any future Act or Acts of Parliament, unless the fame be specially subjected and specifically charged therewith in and by such future Act and Acts of Parliament,

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That all Conveyances, Deeds or Instruments, whereby the Estates, Manftfs, Lord (hi jp 8, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments by the said recited Agreement contracted to be purchased for or on the behalf of His Majesty, or whereby any Estates, Manors, Lordships, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments shall be hereafter purchased by the Commissioners for the time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, for or on the behalf of His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, either under or by virtue of the Authority of this Act, or under or by virtue of any other Act or Acts of Parliament, Power or Authority, shall be conveyed to His Majesty, Hi* Heirs or Successors, or to any Person or Persons in Trust for him or them; and all Leases to be made or granted by the said Commissionerg, under the Authority of this Act or of any other Act or Acts of Parliament, shall be inrolled in the Office of the Auditor or Auditors of His Majesty's Land Revenues for the District within which the Premises -comprized therein shall be situate, (or if such Premises shall be situate within the District of more than One such Auditor, then in the Office of any One of such Auditors, ) upon Payment of the usual Fees for such Inrol-inent, and a Minute or Docket thereof shall be entered and preserved in the Office of the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues; and every such Conveyance, Deed, Lease or otheivln-strument, when so inrolled and entered, shall, without any Inrolment thereof in any Court or Courts of Law or Equity, or any other Inrolment or Registry thereof, be as good and available in Law and of the like Force and Effect, in all Respects and to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame had been or was inrolled in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or as if a Memorial had been entered or registered in the Office appointed for registering Deeds and other Conveyances of Lands and Tenements in the County or Counties in which the fame Estates or any of them are situate; any Act of Parliament, Law, Practice or Usage to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues for the time being shall, in every Report which shall be made by them to The King's Most Excellent Majesty, and to both Houses of Parliament, touching or concerning the Land Revenues of the Crown, from and after the passing of this Act, fa long as the Powers of Purchase and Sale given by this Act shall continue in force, certify and report what Estates, Manors, Lordships, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments have been purchased for and on behalf of His Majesty, under the rowers and Authority of this Act, describing the Premises so purchased and the Purchase Money paid or to be paid for the same, and the Terms on which fufch Purchases shall be completed 5 and also what Part or Parts of the Land Revenue of the Crown shall have been fold under and by virtue of this Act, fiuce the time of their making their last preceding Report, and what Sum and Sums of Money shall have been raised by means of every such Sale, and in what manner the same shall have been applied and disposed of.

XXV. And Whereas there are certain Sums or Funds (landing in the Books of the Governor and Cora- pany of the Bank of England, in the Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Annuities, in the Name or to the Account of the Duchy of Lancaster, which have arisen and been produced by Sales of certain Parts of the Possessions of the said Duchy, and it will tend to the Improvement of other Parts of the Possessions of the said Dochy if a sufficient Part of the said Bank Annuities was fold, and the Produce thereof applied in the manner and for the Purposes herein after mentioned Be it therefore further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Chancellor and Council of the Duchy of Lancaster, by any Order or Orders to be made in Court of Revenue of the said Duchy, from time to time to order or direct that any Part or Parts of the Three Pounds per Cent. Consolidated Annuities now (landing or which may hereafter (land in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, in the Ntme or to#the Account of the Duchy of Lancaster, shall be sold and disposed of; and that the Monies arising by any such Sale or Sales shall be applied and appropriated in or towards Payment, Satisfaction and Discharge of any Sum or Sums of Money or Expences which shall be incurred in the Division, Inclosure, Drainage, Embankment or other Improvement of any Messuages, Lands or Tenements belonging to His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, in Right of His said Duchy, which shall be certified by the Surveyor General of the said Duchy upon Oath, to be Sled in the Duchy Office, to be proper, necessary, advantageous and beneficial to His Majesty's said Possessions; and the Governor and Company of the Bank of England shall and they are hereby authorized and required, upon Requisition to them for that Purpose to be made by any Order or Orders of the said Chancellor and Council, and under the Hand of the Attorney General of the said Duchy, to permit such Person as shall in and by such Order be named and empowered for that Purpose to make any Sale or Sales, Transfer or Transfers of all or any Part of the said Bank Annuities which now do or shall hereafter (land in the Books of the said Governor and Company in the Name or to the Account of the Duchy of Lancaster; and which Sale or Sales, Transfer or Transfers, being made by the Person so to be authorized by the Signature of his own proper Name, for and on the behalf of The Ring's Majesty in Right of His Duchy of Lancaster, shall be valid, legal and effectual for the Sale or Transfer or the said Annuities 5 any thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament, or any Practice, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That this pfefent Ad shall be and is hereby declared to be a full and complete Indemnity and Discharge to the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, their Officers and Servants, for all things which shall be by them done or permitted to be done by virtue or in obedience to any such Order or Orders of the said Chancellor and Council 5 and the same shall not be questioned or impeached in any Court of Law or Equity, or in any manner whatsoever to their Prejudice, Loss or Detriment.

A.D. 1817. 57° GEORGII III. C. 97, 98. 169

SCHEDULE to which this. AG: refers.

FORM of Certificate of ContraGs for Sale, made by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests

and Land Revenues.

By the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues.

THESE are to certify, That in pursuance of a Warrant from the Right Honourable the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, bearing Date the

Day of A.B. and C.D* Two of the Commissioners of

His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, for and on the behalf of The King's Most Excellent Majesty, have contraGed and agreed with E. F. of

for the Sale jto the said E. F. of all \here describe the Premises to be sold, and any subjtfling Grants, Leases or Contracts ajfcfting the fame"] at* or for the Price or Sum of*of lawful

Moftey of Great Britain, to be paid by the said E.F. into the Bank of England, and carried to the Account of the Public Monies of the Commissioners of His Majestys Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, being

The Woods and Forests Fundand from and immediately after the Payment of the said Sum into the Bank in manner aforesaid, and the Enrolment of this Certificate and the Receipt for the said Purchase Money in the Office of the Auditor of the Land Revenue for the County aforesaid, and thenceforth for ever, the said En F. and [his, her or their Heirs or Successors or Assigns] shall be adjudged, deemed and taken to be in the aGual Seisin and Possession of the said Hereditaments and Premises so by [him, her or them] purchased, and shall hold and enjoy the fame peaceably and quietly, freed and discharged from all Claims and Demands of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, or of any Person or Persons claiming under him or them, [if sub-jc3 to any Grant Lease or ContraS, then add, i save and except the Person or Persons claiming under the said Grant, Lease or ContraG, ' as the case may be, -\ and in as full and as ample manner to all Intents and

Purposes as His Majesty, His Heirs or Successora, might or could have held or enjoyed the fame if such Sale had not been made. Given under their Hands, this Day of in the Year of our Lord

Signed by the above named*1

in the Presence of 3

FORM of RECEIPT.

RECEIVED the Day of of and from E. F* tho Sum of

of lawful Money of Great Britain, being the Consideration Money expressed in the [above or within] written Certificate.

Witness my Hand,

For the Governor and Company of the Bank of England,

(Signed) Cashier.

CAP. XCVIII.

An Act for ratifying the Purchase of the Impropriate ReGory of Saint Mary le bone in the County of Middlesex.

[10th July 1817.]

WHEREAS for the purchasing and vetting in the Crown the Impropriate ReGory and Right of Pre- Agreement,

fentation of and to the perpetual Curacy of Saint Mary le bone, in the County of Middlesex, and June 1817.

the Patronage or Right of Presentation of and to the several Chapels in the Parish of Saint Mary le bone for the Purchase

herein after mentioned, with a View to the better Ordering and Regulation of the said Parish, Articles of Agreement, bearing Date the Second Day of June in this present Year, have been made and entered into recited, between The Ring's Most Excellent Majesty, of the First Part 5 the Right Honourable William Hufkijfon,

William Dacres Adams and Henry Dawkins, Esquires, Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, of the Second Part 5 and the Most Noble William Henry Cavendish Scott Duke of Portland, of the Third Part; in Substance and to the EffeG following 5 that is to say, after reciting that the ReGory, Advowson or perpetual Right of Nomination and Appointment of the Curate or Chaplain of the Parish Church of Marybone, alias Maryborne, alias Saint Mary le bone, in the County of Middlesex, whereof the Reverend Luke Hejlop, DoGor of Divinity, is at present Incumbent, is vested in the said Duke and his Heirs, or in a.Trustee or Trustees for the said Duke, in Fee Simple, or he is other wise entitled to sell and dispose thereof 5 and that the said Duke, in Right of such ReGory, is also seised of or claims to be well entitled to the Patronage and perpetual Right of Nomination and Appointment of the several Curates or Officiating Ministers of the several Chapds following 5 that is to say, Portman Chapel,

Bentinck Chapel, Quebec Chapel, and Saint John's Chapel, all situate within the said Parish of Saint Mary le bone; and that the said Duke is also entitled, with the Consent and Approbation of the Vestrymen for the time being of the said Parish, to nominate and appoint the Clerk and Sexton of Saint John's Chapel aforesaid and of the Burial Ground to the fame belonging 5 and the said Duke or his Trustee or Trustees is or are also seised in Fee Simple of and in the Three several- Chapels called Portland Chapel, Oxford Chapel, and Welbeck Chapel, all situate within the said Parish of Saint Mary le bone, and of the Ground and Soil whereon the same are ereGed and built, and entitled to all the Rents, Profits and Produce of such last mentioned Chapels, he providing proper Ministers, Clerks and other Officers to officiate therein, and 57 Geo. III. Z'to

170 C. 98. 57° GEORGII III. A.D. 1817.

4 to perform the several Duties which are or ought to be performed therein, subject, as to the said Chapel

called Welbeck Chapel, to a Lease granted. thereof, with other Hereditaments, to William Franks, for the Term of Ninety nine Years, under the yearly Rent of Two Pounds, from Christmas One thousand seven hundred and sixty eight, and to the Covenants and Agreements therein contained; and also subject to a

Rent of Forty two Pounds^rr Annum, reserved out of the fame Premises by an Under Lease granted thereof

by the said William Franks, for a Term which will expire in the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixty two, of which Under lease the said Duke or his Trustee or Trustees now also is or are possessed,

subject to the fame Rent of Forty two Pounds, and to the Covenants and Agreements thei^in contained;

and that the said Duke or his Trustee or Trustees now also is or are seised ofor otherwise well entitled to

the Fee Simple and Inheritance of and in a certain Chapel called Margaret Chapel, situate in the said

Parish of Saint Mary le bone, subject to a Lease granted thereof, with other Hereditaments, to Thomas Huddle, for the Term of Ninety nine Years from Lady day One thousand seven hundred and forty nine,

at and under the annual Rent of a Pepper corn; and that the said Duke is also possessed of or well entitled to a certain other Chapel called Brunswick Chapel, likewise situate in the said Parish of Saint Mary le boney held by him for the Residue of a Term of Seventy six Years and One Quarter of a Year (wanting

Forty Days) from Christmas One thousand seven hundred and ninety five, subject to the Payment of a 4 yearly Rent or Sum of Forty two Pounds, and to the Performance of the Covenants and Agreements in

the Lease thereof contained, and which last mentioned Chapel is also subject to an Under Lease, granted of the fame by the said Duke to the Reverend George Saxby Penfold Clerk, for the Term of Fourteen Years from the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven, at and under the yearly Rent of Three hundred and fifty Pounds: And also, after reciting, that the said William HuJkiJfony William Dacres Adams and Henry Dawkinsy as such Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Revenues as aforesaid, have (by and with the Consent and Approbation of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland) treated with the said Duke for the Purchase of the said Rectory, Advowson, Right of Patronage, Nomination and Appointment of the Curate or Chaplain of the said Parish Church of Marybonef alias Maryborney alias Saint Mary le boney and of all his Rights and Interests in the said Rectory, and of and in the said several Chapels and Premises, for and on the behalf of The King's Most Excellent Majesty, and have proposed to give the Price or Sum of Forty thousand Pounds for the fame, and that the said Duke has agreed to accept such Proposal, and to fell and dispost of the said Re£tory, Advowson, Rights and Interests, with the Exceptions and subject as thereinafter expressed and contained, at or for the said Price or Sum of Forty thousand Pounds; it is by the said Articles of Agreement witnessed, and the said William Hujkiffbn, William Dacres Adams and Henry Daw tinsy as such Commissioners as aforesaid, (at the Request and by and with the Consent and Approbation of the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, ) do, for and on the behalf of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, thereby covenant, contract and agree to and with the said Duke, his Heirs, Executors and Administrators, to - purchase and buy, and the said Duke doth thereby for himself* his Heirs, Executors and Administrators, covenant, contract and agree to and with His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, to fell unto His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, at or for the said Price or Sum of Forty thousand Pounds, to be paid at the times and in manner thereinafter mentioned, all that the said Rectory, Advowson or perpetual Right of Nomination and Appointment of the Curate or Chaplain of the said Parish Church of Maryboney alias Maryborney alias Saint Mary le bone aforesaid; and also the Patronage and perpetual Right of Nomination and Appointment of or belonging to the said Duke, ' in Right of such Rectory or otherwise, of the several Curates or officiating Ministers of and to the said several Chapels called Portman Chapel, Bentinck Chapel, Quebec Chapel- and Saint John's 4 Chapel, situate in the said Parish of Saint Mary le bone, and with fu«h Consent and Approbation a9 4 before mentioned, of the Clerk and Sexton of Saint John's Chapel and Burial Ground aforesaid; and also all those the said Three several Chapels called Portland Chapel, Oxford Chapel, and Welbeck Chapel, and the Ground and Soil whereon the fame respectively stand and are erected and built, situate in the said Parish of Saint Mary le honey subject, as to the said Chapel and Premises called Welbeck Chapel, to the respective Leases affecting the same as therein before mentioned, and also all Rents, Profits and Produce to arise and become payable to the said Duke, his Heirs, Executors or Administrators, from the said Chapels and Premises 5 and also all that Chapel called Margaret Chapel, situate in the said Parish of Saint Mary le boney and the Ground and Soil whereon the fame is erected and built, subject to the said Indenture of Lease granted thereof with other Hereditaments to the said Thomas Huddley and to the Covenants, Conditions and Agreements therein contained 5 and also all that Leasehold Chapel called Brunswick Chapel, situate in the said Parish of Saint Mary le boney for and during all the Estate, .Term and Interest of the said Duke therein, subject to the said Under lease granted thereof to the said George Saxby Penfold; and all the Chapel, Yards, Cemeteries and other Lands and Grounds, Rights and Privileges, to the said Chapels and Premises or any of them belonging or in anywise appertaining; and all the Estate, Right, Title, Interest, Property, Claim and Demand whatsoever, of him the said Duke, of, in and to the said Rectory, Advowson, Patronage, Chapels and Premises (except and always reserved to the said Duke, his Heirs and Assigns, all the Pews as well in the new Parish Church as in the old Church or Chapel of Saint Mary Is bor.e aforesaid, now appropriated to or used by the said Duke, his Family or Domestics; and also the Burying Ground or Vaults of or belonging to the said Duke and his Family in the said old Church or Chapel of Saint Mary le bone; and also save and except all the Tithes, Great and Small, and all Modules, Compositions and other Payments in lieu thereof, annually arising, growing or increasing, or hereafter to arise, grow or increase from or out of all and every of the Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, belonging to the said Duke in the said Parish of Saint Mary le bone; and

12 4 except

A.D. 18.i7* 57° GEORGII III. O.98.

except and also referred to the said Duke and his Heirs the Right of nominating or presenting the Reverend Thomas Whke, the present Curate of Welbeck Chapel, to that Chapel, whenever it shall become

vacant by the Death, Cession or Promotion of the Reverend Charles Dyer, the present Incumbent thereof,

4 if the said Thomas White shall be then living and capable of taking and holding the fame); to hold the said Rectory, Advowson, Right of Nomination and Appointment and all the said several Chapels and Premises (other than and except and subject as aforesaid, and except the said Chapel called Brunswick Chapelt) unto The King's Majesty, His Heirs, and Successors for ever, or unto and to the use of such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners for the'time being of His Majesty's Woods, Foresta and Land

Revenues shall (by and with the Consent and Approbation of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury

for the time being, or any Three of them) direct, in trust for His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors for

ever, free from all Charges and Incumbrances whatsoever, but subject to the Incumbency of the present Curate or Chaplain of the said Parish Church of St. Mary le bone aforesaid, and to the continuing of the several Curates or officiating Ministers, Sextons, Clerks, Organifts and other Officers, in the said Church and several Chapels during their respective Lives, if they shall, by themselves or sufficient Deputies or Assistantt, so long continue to discharge the Duties of their respective Offices and Situations in a due and regular manner, and as they have respectively heretofore done; and also subject to the Payment of the several yearly and any other Salaries and Sums of Money in the Schedule thereunder written mentioned,

now paid or payable to them by the said Duke during their respective Lives, or so long as they shall continue in such their respective Mini fines. Offices or Situations, and to sundry small Payments to subordi*

nate Officers and Servants, which do not exceed in the whole the yearly Sum of Fifteen Pounds 5 and to hold the said Chapel called Brunswick Chapel unto The King's Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, or to such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners for the time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues shall, by and with such Consent and Approbation as aforesaid, direct or appoint, in trust for His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, for and during all the Rest and Residue and Remainder of the said Term of Seventy six Years and One Quarter of a Year (wanting Forty Days) yet to come and f unexpired, subject to the Payment of the said yearly Rent of Forty two Pounds, and to the Performance of the several Covenants and Agreements under which the said Duke holds the fame, and which are and ought henceforth, on the Lessee's Part and Behalf, to be paid, observed and performed in respect thereof, and also subject to the said Under Lease granted of the said last mentioned Chapel and Premises unto the said George Sax by Penfold; and the said Duke doth thereby, for himself, his Heirs, Executors and Administrators covenant, promise and agree to and with The King's Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, in manner following; that is to say, that he the said Duke, his Heirs, Executors or Administrators, shall and will, within the time or Space of Three Calendar Months from the Date thereof, make out and deliver, or cause to be made out and dtlivered, unto the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods^ Forests and Land Revenues for the time being, or their Solicitor, for their Use, a full and complete Abstract of his or their Title to the said Rectory, Advowson, Chapels and Preipdfes, and the Fee Simple and Inheritance thereof,

free from any Incumbrances, except and subject as aforesaid, and except as to the said Chapel called Bruns wick Chapel* at to which the said Duke shall by such Abstract deduce and (how a clear Title to the fame, for all the Residue and Remainder of the said Term of Seventy six Years and One Quarter of a Year (wanting Forty Days, ) subject to the fetid yearly Rent or Payment of Forty two Pounds, and also fubisd to the said Under lease granted thereof to the fend George Saxby Penfold as aforesaid; and that he the said Duke, His Heirs, Executor* and Administrators, upon receiving the Sum of Ten thousand Pounds, being the First In*

ftalment of the said Purchase Money or Sum of Forty thousand Pounds, oti or before the Twenty ninth Day of September One thousand eight bundled and eighteen, and on having the Payment of the Residue or Remainder thereof at die times and in the Proportions thereinafter mentioned, secured in manner therein*

after exponeffed, with such Interest for the said Sum of Forty thousand Pounds as thereinafter mentioned,

shall and will, by such Deeds, Instruments, Conveyances, Assurances or Alignments as the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Fovefb and Land Revenues for the time being, or the Law Officers of the Crown for the time being, shall reasonably require, and at such Costs and Charges as thereinafter mentioned, well and effectually convey, assign and aflbre the said Rectory, Advowson, Chapels and Premises thereby contracted to be sold, and the Fee Simple and Inheritance thereof, (other than and except the said Chapel calle4 4 Brunswick Chapel, and except and subject as before mentioned, and subject to and charged and chargeable with the Payment of the Residue or Remainder of the said Purchase Money and Interest, by such Instalments as thereinafter mentioned, and with such Term or Term of Years as the Counsel of the said Duke,

his Heirs or Assigns, shall advise or require for securing the due Payment of such Instalments and such Interest as aforesaid, ) unto The King's Majesty, His Heirs of Successors, or unto such Person or Persons as shall be for that Purpose nominated and appointed as aforesaid, in trust for His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors for ever, free from all Charges and Incumbrances, save and except as aforesaid, and assign the said Chapel called Bnmfwieb Chapel, for all the Rest, Residue and Remainder of the said Term of Seventy six Years and One Quarter of a Year (wanting Forty Days), subject to the Payment of the said Yearly Rent of Forty two PoundB, and to the Performance of the several Covenants and Agreements which are and ought on the Lessee's Part, as and foam the Twenty ninth Day of September next, to be kept, done and performed in respect of such last mentioned Chapel, and also subject to the said Under lease granted thereof 1 to the said George Saxby P erf old, and to the said Instalments of the said Purchase Money and the Interest thereof, but free from act -other Charger, Outgoings and Incumbrances whatsoever: And the said WilTtam Hujbiffbn, William Dacres Adams and Henry Dawkins, do by the said Articles of Agreement (by and with such Consent and Approbation of the said Commissionegp of His Majesty's Treasury asuforesaid, forandonthe

Z 2 4 behalf

172 C. 98. 57° GEORGII III. A.D. 1817.

Expediency of confirming the Purchase, and of providing a Fund lor the Payment of the Purchase Money,

behalf of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors*) thereby covenant, promise and agree to and with the said Duke, his Heirs or .Assigns, that the said Sum of Forty thousand Pounds, the Purchase Money aforesaid, shall be paid to the said Duke, His Heirs, Executors, Administrators or Assigns, or to whom he or they shall appoint, by and out of the Land Revenues of the Crown, at the times, by the Instalments, and in the Proportions thereinafter mentioned and appointed for the Payment thereof; that is to say, the Sum of Ten thousand Pounds, being One Fourth Part of the said Principal Sum, on or before the Twenty ninth Day of September which will be in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, upon the Execution of such Deeds, Conveyances, Alignments and Assurances as aforesaid by all proper Parties, and a good and satisfactory Title being made out and shewn to the said Rectory, Advowson, Chapels and Premises, according to the true Intent and Meaning of the said Agreement 5 the further Sum of Ten thousand Pounds, being One other Fourth Part thereof, on the Twenty ninth Day of September which will be in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and nineteen; the further Sum of Ten thousand Pounds, being one other Fourth Part thereof, on the Twenty ninth Day of September which will be in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundlred and twenty; and the further Sum of Ten thousand Pounds, being the remaining Fourth Part thereof, on the Twenty ninth Day of September which will be in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, together with Incereft for the said Sum of Forty thousand Pounds, or so much thereof as shall from time to time remain unpaid, at and after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, such Interest to commence and be computed from the Twenty ninth Day of September next ensuing the Date thereof, and to be paid by Half Yearly Payments, until the whole of the said Principal Purchase Money shall be fully paid and discharged: And it is by the said Articles further agreed by and between the said Commissioners Parties thereto on behalf of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and the said Duke on behalf of himself, his Heirs, Executors and Administrators, that His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, shall be entitled to all the Rents, Profits and Advantages arising and resulting from the said Rectory, Advowson, Chapels and Premises, which the said Duke, or his Heirs, Executors or Administrators would have been entitled to, or could or might have had, received, taken or enjoyed, as and from the Twenty ninth Day of September next, if that Contract or Agreement had not been made; and that all such Rents and other Profits, and all Powers, Privileges and Advantages of or belonging pr resulting from the said Premises, shall be received, had, taken, exercised and enjoyed by the said Duke, his Heirs, Executors, Administrators or Assigns, for his and their own Use and Benefit up to that time, subject however to the Restriction thereinafter contained, and which shall or may be contained in the Act of Parliament thereinafter mentioned: Provided, and it is thereby further agreed, that if at any time between the Date of those Articles and the Close of the present Session of Parliament, the said Pa-rim Church or Chapel of Saint Mary le bone, or any of the said Chapels or Offices, shall become vacant by reason of the Death, Cession, Deprivation or Promotion of the present Incumbent, or of any of the officiating Ministers or other Officers, no Nomination or Appointment of any Person or Persons to supplyfuch Vacancy or Vacancies shall be made or take place before the End of the present Session of Parliament, unlefg the Act of Parliament thereinafter mentioned shall have sooner received the Royal Assent, in which case all such Nominations and Appointments are to be regulated by the Provisions of the said Act, and after providing by whom and in what manner the Expences of making out the Tide Deeds Abstracts and necessary Conveyances required for completing the said Purchase shall be borne and defrayed, and apportioning the fame, and after providing that nothing therein contained shall extend or be construed to charge the said Commissioners, Parties thereto, in their own proper Persons, or their or any of their own proper Lands or Tenements, Goods or Chattels, with or for the Performance of any of the Covenants or Agreements therein contained, but that such Covenants or Agreements shall only be enforced as against the Land Revenues of the Crown; and that all Costs, Charges and Expences which shall or may become payable by reason or means of any such Covenants or Agreements, or any Breach or Non Performance thereof, shall be raised, levied and recovered by, from or out of such Revenues only, any thing therein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding; and after reciting that an Application is intended to be made to Parliament in the present Session for an Act to confirm the said Agreement, and to regulate the Nomination and Appointment of Persons to supply any Vacancies which may occur by the Death, Cession, Deprivation or Promotion of the present Incumbent, or of any of the officiating Ministers or other Officers aforesaid, before the Title to the said Rectory and Premises shall be fully approved, and such Deeds, Conveyances, Alignments and Assurances thereof as aforesaid shall be executed; and also to enable the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues for the time being to raise such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be requisite for the Completion of the said Purchase, by Sale of Lands or Hereditaments belonging to the Crown; it is by the said Articles of Agreement expressly provided and declared, that if such Act of Parliament cannot be pbtained, or shall not pass during the present Session of Parliament, that then the said Agreement and the Contract thereby made, and every thing therein contained, shall cease, determine and be void: And Whereas it is expedient that the said Articles of Agreement should be confirmed, and that Provisions should be made for enabling His Majesty and the said Commissioners, Parties thereto, to make good the Contract thereby entered into on behalf of His Majesty, and to carry the fame into Effect 5 and that in order to provide a Fund for the Payment of the said Purchase Money when the same shall become due, the Commissioners for the time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues should be authorized and empowered, to sell and dispose of certain Parts of the Land Revenues and Possessions of the Crown, and to apply the Money arising from such Sales in the Payment of such Purchase Money, and the completing and making good the Contract entered into by the said in part recited Articles of Agreement; And Whereas it may hereafter be deemed expedient, with a View the more

14*effectually

173

A.D. 18-17. 57° GEORGII III. C. 98.

effectually to extend to the Parishioners of the said Parish of Saint Mary le bone the Benefit of Ecclesiastical

Superintendence, and the Performance of Ecclesiastical Duties, in relation to such Persons and Children and ' others requiring Spiritual Assistance, and the Promotion and Improvement of the religious and moral Habits

of the Persons residing therein, that the said Parish should be divided and formed into several separate and

distin£b Parishes, and to make Provision for the better ordering and Regulation thereof; and it is therefore

necessary, with a View to such future Division and Improvement of the said Parish, that the Nomination to the said perpetual Curacy, and to the several Offices herein after mentioned, should be put under the Regulations herein after contained Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice

and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and Agreement cor-by the Authority of the same, That the said hereinbefore in part recited Articles of Agreement, bearing Date firmed, the said Second Day of June in this present Year One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, shall be and the same are hereby ratified and confirmed and made valid and 6ffeftual to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's The Commis-Woods, Forests and Land Revenues for the time being, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to fionersofWoods, contract and agree with any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, for the Sale of, and &c-absolutely to make Sale of such or so many or so much of the Royalties, Honours, Hundreds, Manors, sljerfCrown Lordships or Franchises, or any Rights, Members or Appurtenances thereof or thereto belonging or apper- for the taining, or any Fines, Issues, Amerciaments, Profits, Dues or Monies arising therefrom, or incident to or Completion of recoverable in respect thereof, or any Messuages, Lands, Rents, Tithes, Mines, Minerals, Collieries, Woods, such Purchase. Wood Grounds, Fens, Marshes or Waste Lands, or any other Tenements or Hereditaments, or any other Revenues of or belonging to the Crown, within the Ordering and Survey of the Exchequer in England, for the best Prices or Considerations in Money which the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues shall, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the Lord High Treasurer or the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for the time being, or any Three of them, be able to procure for the fame, as will raise a Sum sufficient for paying the Amount of the said Purchase Money, or any Instalments or Instalment thereof, and the Interest to be paid or payable in respect thereof, and the Expences of such Sale or Sales, and of completing and carrying into Efteft the Contract so entered into by the hereinbefore in part recited Articles of Agreement} and the Monies to arise from such Sale or Sales shall be paid into the Bank of England in manner herein after mentioned, and applied by the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues for the time being, who are for that Purpose hereby authorized to make Drafts on the Bank in the Payment and Discharge of the Money so to be paid for the Purchase of the said Premises, with the Interest thereon, when the fame shall become due and payable according to the said Articles of Agreement, or at such other time or times as the said Commissioners shall think expedient, and in discharge of the Expences incurred and to be incurred in the making and completing such Sale or Sales, and in completing the Contract so made with the said Duke, and in carrying the fame into Execution; and in the mean time and until the same shall be required for the Purposes aforesaid, the Monies arising from the Sales hereby authorized to be made shall from time to time be paid in manner herein after mentioned, into the Bank of England, and be there placed to the Account directed by an Act passed in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for uniting the Offices of Surveyor General of the Land Revenues of the Crown and Surveyor General of His Majesty's Woods, Forests9Parks and Chaces9 to be raised in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank, entitled The " Account of the public Monies of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, being The Woods and Forests Fund."

III. Provided always and be it further enacted, That no such Contract shall be made unless by special Warrant to be issued for that Purpose by the Lord High Treasurer or the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them for the time being.

IV. And be it further enacted, That whenever the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues for the time being shall have contracted with any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, for the Sale of any Royalties, Honours, Hundreds, Manors, Lordships, Franchises or any Rights, Members or Appurtenances thereof or thereto belonging or appertaining, or any Fines, Issues, Amerciaments, Profits, Dues or Monies arising therefrom or incident to or recoverable in respect thereof, or of any Messuages, Lands, Rents, Tithes, Mines, Minerals, Collieries, Woods, Wood Grounds, Fens, Marshes, Waste Lands or other Tenements or Hereditaments, or any other Revenues under the Authority of this Act to be sold as aforesaid, the said Commissioners shall grant to the Purchaser or respective Purchasers thereof a Certificate under their Hands, describing the Premises so agreed to be sold, and the Amount of the Purchase Money to be paid for the same, and which shall accordingly be paid into the Bank of England within Thirty one Days after the Date of such Certificate 5 and the Cashiers of the Bank or One of them shall, upon the Production of such Certificate, accept and receive the Purchase Monies therein mentioned, and carry the same to the Account therein specified, and at the Foot or Back of such Certificate acknowledge the Receipt of the fame, without Fee or Reward; and every such Certificate and Receipt shall be according to the Form contained in the Schedule to this Act annexed, or as near thereto as the Circumstances of the case will admit; and every such Certificate and Receipt shall, within Two Calendar Months after the Date of such Certificate, be taken to the Office of the Auditor of the Land Revenue for the District within uhi^b the Premises therein dt feribed arc situate, and be there forthwith enrolled in the proper Books for that Purpose 5 and such Auditor having enrolled the said Certificate and Receipt shall attest the fame under his Haud, and shall, upon receiving the usual Fees for such Enrolment, return the said Certificate and Receipt to the Pufchafer or Purchasers, and from and after such Enrolment and thenceforth for ever the respective Purchaser#, their Heir# or Successors or

Assigns,

The Monies raised to he paid into the Bank in the Names of the Commissioners, and placed to the Credit of the Woods and Forests Fund, as by 50 G. 3. c. 65. until applied in the Completion of the Purchase.

No Contrail without Warrant from Treasury.

When Sales are contracted to be made, Purchasers to have Certificates thereof, and to pay their Purchase Monies into the Bank, and shall thenceforth be adjudged to be in actual Seisin, Sic.

Receipt of Purchase Money without Fee. Form of Certificate and Receipt-

Enrolment

thereof.

A Discharge to Purchasers.

Nc»t paying Purchase Money into Bank within timfe limired, or omitting to enrol Certificate.

Commissionlers of Woods tocer. tify in their Report to The King and Parliament what Sales have been made under this Act, and how Monies have been applied.

Powers of Sale td cease when Monies raised. Deeds to be enrolled in Office of the Auditor of thq.Land Revenue/

Good without Enrolment in tho Courts, &c.

Deeds, Contrails and other Instruments to be exempted from Stamp Duty.

If the Curacy become vacant before Provision made by Parliament for Regulation of Panfli, no permanent Nomination of a new Curate shall be made without

C. 98, 57° GEORGII III. A.D. 1817.

Assigns, shall by force and virtue of this Act be and shall be affiudged, deemed and taken to be, in the actual Seiiin and Possession of the Royalties, Honours, Hundreds, Manors, Lordships, Franchises or any Rights, Members or Appurtenances thereof or thereto belonging or appertaining, or any Fines, Issues, Amerciaments, Profits, Dues or Monies arising therefrdm or incident to or recoverable in respect thereof, or any Messuages, Lands, Rents, Tithes, Mines, Minerals, Collieries, Woods, Wood Grounds, Fens, Marshes, Waste Lands or other Tenements or Hereditaments or Revenues to be by them respectively purchased, and shall hold and enjoy th* fame peaceably and quietly, freed and discharged from all Claims and Demands of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, or of any Person or Persons chiming under him or them, as fully and amply to all Intents and Purposes as His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, might or could have held or enjoyed the fame if such Sale had not taken place; and every such Certificate shall be respectively witnessed and attested, as to the signing thereof by the said Commissioners, by One of the principal Clerks or other Officers in their Office 5 and every such Certificate and Receipt, being enrolled as aforesaid, shall effectually discharge the respective Purchasers to whom the same shall be given or granted, of and from the Purchase or Consideration Money therein expressed, and such Purchasers shall never afterwards be liable to be called upon, sued, troubled, molested or questioned for or in respect thereof or any Part thereof.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, to whom any such Certificate as aforesaid shall be granted, shall neglect to pay into the Bank of England the Purchase or Consideration Money therein to be specified, for the Space of Thirty one Days after the Date of such Certificate, or shall neglect to enrol such Certificate, and the said Cashier's Receipt xor the Money, for the Space of Two Calendar Months after the Date of such Certificate, then every such Certificate shall be null and void, and the Consideration Money, if paid into the Bank, shall be forfeited, unless the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues for the time being shall, for any ceasonable Cause to them (hown for the Omission of such Enrolment, order the said Certificate and Receipt to be enrolled nunc pro tunc, and which, upon such Cause being (hown, they are hereby authorized and empowered to do.

VI. Provided always and be it further enacted, that the Commissioners of His Majesty Woods, Forests and Land Revenues for the time being shall in every Report which shall be made by them to The King's Most Excellent Majesty, and to both Houses of Parliament, touching or concerning the Land Revenue of the Crown, from and after the passing of this Act, so long as the Power of Sale given by this Act shall continue in force, certify and report what Part or Parts of the Land Revenue of the Crown shall have been fold under and by virtue of the Provisions of this Act, since the time of their making of their last preceding Report, and what Sum and Sums of Money shall have been raised by means of every such Sale, and in what manner the same shall have been applied and disposed of 5 and that when and as soon as the Monies required for the Purpose of paying the said Purchase Money and completing the said Contract made with said Duke and the Payment of the Expences aforesaid shall have been raised, the said Commissioners shall certify the fame in their then next Report; and when and as soon as the same shall be so raised, all the Powers of Sale hereby given to them shall cease and be it further exercised.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all Conveyances, Deeds or Instruments, whereby the Rectory, Advowson, perpetual Right of Nomination and Appointment, and other Rights, Chapels, Privileges, Heredita^ meats and Premises, by the said recited Agreement contracted to be purenafed, shall be conveyed to His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, or to any Person or Persons in trust for him or them, shall be enrolled in the .Office of the Auditor of His Majesty's Land Revenues for the County of Middlesex, on Payment of the usual. Fees for such Enrolment, and a Minute or Docket thereof shall be entered and prefefved in the Office of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues; and every such Conveyance, Deed or Instrument, when so enrolled and entered, shall, without any Enrolment thereof in any Court or Courts of Lasw or Equity, or any other Enrolment or Registry thereof, be as good and available in Law, and of the like Force and Effect, in all Respects and to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fyme had been or was enrolled in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at lVeJluunJkry or as if a Memorial thereof had been entered or registered in the Office appointed for registering Deeds and other Conveyance* of L^ds and Tenements in the said County of Middlesex.; any A£h of Parliament, Law, Practice or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That no Deed or Writing, Conveyance, Mortgage, Alignment or other Instrument, which shall be made, executed, or signed, in purfuence of the said recited Articles of Agreement, or for carrying the fame into Execution, nor any Certificate or Receipt, Deed or other Instrument to be given or granted to any Porchafer or Purchasers of any Royalties, Honours, Hundreds, Manors, Lordships, Messuage?, Lands, Tithes, Rents, Tenements or other Hereditaments hereby authorized to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, shall be subject or liable to any ad valorem or other Stamp Duty whatsoever imposed by any. Act or Acts of Parliament now in force, nor to any Stamp Duty to be imposed by any future A £t or A^s of Parliament, unless the fame be specially subjected thereto and specificalIf charged therewith in and by such future Act or Acts of Parliament.

IX. And be it further enacted, That in case the said perpetual Curacy of the said Parish of Saint Mary le bone shall become vacant by the Death, Cession, Deprivation or other Avoidance of the said Luke Hejlop, or of any succeeding Curate, after the passing of this Aapd before Provision shall be made by any other Act or A£fcs of Parliament for the dividing or better ordering and Regulation of the said Parish, no permanent Nomination of any Person to the said Curacy shall be made without the Consent of Parliament; but all Ecclesiastical Duties which the Curate of the fiud Parish of .Saint Mary le bone for the time being would have been bound to perform if this Act had not been made, shall be done, discharged and performed by a fit and proper Person to be. appointed by His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, such Appointipent to be by

Warrant

A.D. 1817.

57° GEORG'II III.

&9$- 175

Warrant under the Royal Sign Manual, countersigned by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of the Consent of the United Kingdom, or any Three of them for the time being; which Person so to be appointed shall con- Parliament, tinue to discharge the Duties of the said Curacy until Provision shall be made by some future Act or Acts The Duties to he of Parliament for the Regulation of the said Parish, unless the said Curacy shall sooner become again vacant, by the Death, Cession or other Avoidance of the Person so appointed, in which case some other Person shall by The King, be in like manner appointed to succeed thereto, and so from time to time as often as any Vacancy shall occur, and the Tithes until such Provision as aforesaid shall be made for the permanent Regulation of the said Parish, and the Per- and other Dues formance of the Duties of the said Curacy; and that in the mean time the Tithes, Dues, Fees, Profits and Revenues belonging to the said Curacy, or thence arising, or payable in respect thereof, shall be received, received by the taken and collected by the said Duke or hia Heirs, or such Person or Persons as he or they shall appoint, Duke until, sic. subject to the Provisions of the said Agreement, until the Title to the said Rectory and Premises shall be Title to Rectory accepted and approved, and such Conveyances thereof as in the said Agreement mentioned shall be executed 5 PPr<>ved» and and from thenceforth the fame Tithes, Dues, Fees, Profits and Revenues shall be received, taken and 'hen.Jy^P*tfo^ collected by such Person or Persons as the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Re- Commissioners*venues for the time shall, by and with the Consent and Approbation of the Lord High Treasurer, or of the with the Appro-Commissioners for the time being of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, for that Pur- bation of the pose appoint; and the Monies to be produced thereby or collected therefrom shall be from time to time paid 3jeafury*... into the Bank of England, and be there placed to the Account of the Lord High Treasurer or Commit- BanlTof mt° iioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, to be held by him or them, or inverted in the Public England. Funds, until the further Disposal thereof shall be directed and appointed by any such future Act or Acts of Parliament as aforesaid; and the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues for the time being shall have and they are hereby inverted with all such Powers and Authorities to sue for, enforce and compel Payment of the said Tithes, Dues, Fees, Profits and other Revenues, in the Name of the Person by whom the said Duty or Office of Curate shall be performed, in such and the like manner, and by the fame Process, Suit or Means, as the Curate for the time being of the said Parish could or might haye had or used in case this Act had not been made, and as if such Person had been duly nominated and was in Fast and in Right the permanent or perpetual Curate of the said Parish.

X. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Lord High Trea- Salary to cffici-fnrer or Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, or any Three of them, out of the atlD8 Munster. Monies to be received-for such Tithes, Dues, Fees, Profits and Revenues as aforesaid, to allow and pay

such Sums of Money as to him or them shall appear a competent Salary to the Person so nominated by them to execute for the time being the Duties of Curate of the said Parish, and also to the Person who shall be so appointed to collect or receive the said Tithes, Dues, Fees, Profits and Revenues.

XI. And be it further enacted, That in case any of the said Chapels shall become vacant, by the Death, No permanent Cession, Deprivation or other Avoidance of any of the Ministers thereof, or in case any Vacancies shall occur

either in the said Parish Church or in any or either of the said Chapels, in the Offices of Sexton, Clerk ot o^MhlfteMto" any other Office of, in, or to which the said Duke has the Right of Nomination or Appointment, after the any of the said passing of this Act, and before the making of such Provision for the permanent Regulation of the said Chapels, nor of Parish by Parliament as aforesaid, that then and in every such case (except in the case 0? Brun/wiek Chafe!, any new Officers,

and also except in the case of any Vacancy in Welbech Chafe/, to be occasioned by the Death, Cession or fa* IU

Deprivation of the prefenr Curate or Minister thereof, if the said Thomas White shall be then alive and deiirous gUia"jon"^all c* of being nominated thereto, in which case the said Duke or his Heirs is and are to be at Liberty to nomi- p]ace, ex-

nate the said Thomas White to be the Curate or Minister of such last mentioned Chapel, no permanent Ap- cept as to the pointment of any Minister, Clerk, Sexton or other Officer, to supply any such Vacancy (except as afore- Nomination of said) shall be made 5 -but His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, shall have full Power and Authority to ^eib^kCha appoint fit and proper Persons to execute the Offices so becoming vacant, until such Provision shall be made^a*d eice-t by Parliament for the permanent Regulation of the said Parish as aforesaid, such Appointment to be by as 'l0 Brunswick Warrant under the Hands of any Three or more of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of the Chapel; United Kingdom for the time being; and all the Rents, Profits and Revenues arising and accruing from the and Profits of said Chapels, shall be taken, received and collected by the said Duke or his Heirs, or such Person or Per- Chapels received fons as he or they shall appoint, subject to the Provisions of the said Agreement, until the Title to the said lhe Dl, ke» Rectory and Premises shall be accepted and approved, and such Conveyances thereof as in the said Agreement mentioned shall be executed; and from thenceforth the same shall be received, taken and collected by and then by Per-such Person or Persons as the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues for the fons appointed time being shall (by and with the Consent and Approbation of the said Commissioners for the time being of the Commii-His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them) for that Purpose appoint; and the Surplus of the Monies arising therefrom, after payment of the Salaries or Stipends of the several Curates or Ministers of the said Chapels, and of the several Officers of the said Parish Church and Chapels to whom Salaries or Stipends shall be payable, shall be paid into the Bank of England, to be placed to the Account of the said Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, to be held by them, or inverted in the fame Way as hereinbefore directed with regard to the Tithes, Dues, Fees, Profits and Revenues of the said Curacy of the said Parish of Saint Mary le bone.

XII. Provided and it is hereby further enacted and declared, That in case any such Vacancy as aforesaid if Vacancies

shall happen in the Curacy of the said Parish, or in any of the said Chapels or Offices (except as aforesaid), happen before by the Death, Cession, Deprivation or other Avoidance of the Curate* Minister or any of the said Officers the be for the time being, before the Title of the said Duke or his Heirs to the said Rectory shall be accepted andnccl

approved, and before the Conveyances so agreed to be executed thereof as aforesaid shall be executed, that executed, !he

then Duke, with the

sioners with the Approbation ot' the Treasury.

i?6

Approbation of the Treasury, ii to nominate the Penbm tofupp'y such Vacancies.

If the Title to the Reriory he not accepted, the Duke is to have and enjoy the fame Right as if the said Agreement had never been executed, or this Act passed.

General Saving.

C. 98. 57° GEORGII III. A.D. 1817.

then and in such case the Person or Persons to be appointed* to supply every such Vacancy shall be nominated by the said Duke or his Heirs, by and with the Consent and Approbation of the said Lord High Treasurer, or the said Commissioners for the time being of His Majestys Treasury, or any Three of them; but all such Persons shall be liable to be discontinued and removed by the said Lord High Treasurer, or the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or aqy Three of them, immediately or at any time after the said Title shall be so approved and accepted, and the Conveyances aforesaid shall be so executed as aforesaid.

XIII. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted and declared, That in case the Title of the said Duke or his Heirs to the said Rectory and Premises shall not be accepted and approved, and that by reason thereof or for any other Cause the Contract for the Purchase thereof shall be annulled or not carried into Execution, that then and in such Case the said Duke and his Heirs shall thenceforth have and enjoy all such Right of Nomination, and other Rights, Powers and Privileges, in, to and over the Rectory, Chapels and other Offices, and the Appointment of the Curate, Ministers and other Officers aforesaid, in as full and ample manner to all Intents and Purposes as if the said Agreement had never been executed, or this present Act had never been passed; and that then and from thenceforth all the Restrictions and Provisions herein contained, touching the Nomination of the Curate, Ministers and other Officers, shall cease, determine and be no longer of any Force or Effect; any thing herein contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XIV. Saving always to all and every Person and Persons, their Heirs, Executors, Administrators and Assigns respectively, except the said Duke of Portland, his Heirs, Executors, Administrators and Assigns, all mch Rights, Titles and Interests, Privileges, Powers and Authorities in the Premises, as they or any of them could have had, exercised or enjoyed, in as full and ample manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if this Act had npt been made; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

FORM of Certificate of Contracts to be made by the Commissioners of His Majestys Woods, Forests and

Land Revenues.

BY the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues: These are to certify, That in pursuance of a Warrant from the Right Honourable the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, bearing Date the Day of

A. jB. and C.D. two of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, for and on behalf of The King's Most Excellent Majesty, have contrafted and agreed with is. F, of for the

Sale to the said E. F. of all [here describe the Premises to be sold, and any [ubfjling Grants, Leases or Contrails affeBing the fame] at or for the Price or Sum of of lawful Money of Great Britain to be paid by the said E. F. into the Bank of England, and carried to the Account of the Public Monies of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, being The Woods and Forests Fund 5" and from and immediately after the Payment of the said Sum into the Bank in manner as aforesaid, and the Enrolment of this Certificate and the Receipt for the said Purchase Money in the Office of the Auditor of the Land Revenue for the County aforesaid, and thenceforth for ever, the said E. F. and his, her or their Heirs [or Successorfl, as the case may be, 3 or Assigns, shall be adjudged, deemed and taken to be in the actual Seisin and Possession of the Hereditaments and Premises so by him [her or them] purchased, and shall hold and enjoy the fame peaceably and quietly, freed and discharged from all Claims and Demands of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, or of any Person or Persons claiming under Him or them, [j/* subject to any Grant, JLeafe or ContraB> then add M save and except the Person or Persons claiming under the said Grant, Lease or Contract, " as the case may &; ], and in as full and as ample manner to all Intents and Purposes as His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, might Qr could have held or enjoyed the fame if such Sale had not been maae. Given under their Hands this Day of in the Year of our Lord

Signed by the above named

in the Presence of

FORM OF RECEIPT.

RECEIVED, the Day of find from E. F. the Sum of

of lawful Money of Great Britain, being the Consideration Money mentioned in ihe above [sr within] written Certificate.

Witness my Hand,

For the Governor and Company of the Bank of England,

(Signed)

Cashier.

A.D. 1817.

57° GEORGII III. C. 99. (77

CAP. XCIX.

An Act to consolidate and amend the Laws relating to Spiritual Persons holding of Farms; and for enforcing the Residence of Spiritual Persons on their Benefices , and for the Support and Maintenance of Stipendiary Curates in England.

[10th July 1817.]

WHEREAS an Act passed in the Twenty first Year of the Reign of His Majesty King Henry the Eighth, intituled An Act against Pluralities of Benefices, taking of Farms by Spiritual Men, and for Residence: And Whereas another Act passed in the Twenty eighth Year of the Reign of Mis said Majesty King Henry the Eighth, intituled An Act for compelling Spiritual Persons to keep Residence upon their Benefices: And Whereas another Act was passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth, intituled An Act touching Leases of Benefices, and Ecclesiastical Livings with Cure: And Whereas Three several Acts passed in the Fourteenth, Eighteenth and Forty third Years respectively of the Reign of Her said Majesty Queen Elizabeth, for explaining and amending the said recited Act of the Thirteenth Year aforesaid 5 and which were made perpetual by an Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His Majesty King Charles the First, intituled An Act for the Continuance and Repeal of divers Statutes: And Whereas another Act was passed in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend the Laws relating to Spiritual Persons holding of Farjns, and for enforcing the Residence of Spiritual Persons on their Ben fees in England: And Whereas another Act passed in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to re3ify a Mistake in an Act made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled 1 An Act to amend the Laws relating to Spiritual Persons holding of Farms, and for enforcing the Residence vf Spiritual Persons on their Benefices in England, and to remove a Doubt respe3ing the Title of the Statute of the Twenty first Tear of King Henry the Eighth therein mentioned; And Whereas an Act was passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of Her late Majesty Queen Anne> intituled, An Act for the better Maintenance of the Curates within the Church of England, and for preventing any Ecclesiastical Persons from buying the next Avoidance of any Church- Preferment: And Whereas an Act was passed in the Thfrty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the further Support and Maintenance of Curettes within the Church of England, and for making certain Regulations respchtng the Appointment of such Curates, and the Admission of Persons to Cures augmented by Queen Anne\r Bounty, with respect to the Avoidance of other Benefices: And Whereas another Act passed in the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the further Support and Maintenance of Stipendiary Curates: And Whereas Doubts have arisen upon the Construction of tome of the Provisions of the said Acts; and it is therefore necessary that such Provisions of the said Acts should be explained, and other Provisions made, and that the several Laws relating to Spiritual Persons holding of Farms, and to buying and selling, and for enforcing of Residence and the Maintenance of Stipendiary Curates, should be confoudafed in one Act : May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, so much of the said several recited Acts passed in the Reign of His Majesty King Henry the Eighth, arid so much of the said Acts of the Reign of Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth, and of the said recited Act of His Majesty King Charles the First, as relates to Spiritual Persons holding of Farms, and to Leases of Benefices and Livings, and to buying and selling, and to Residence of Spiritual Persons on their Benefices; and also so much of the said recited Act of Her Majesty Queen Annef and of the said recited Act of the Thirty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the Maintenance of Curates within the Church of England, and making Provision for appointing Stipends for such Curates, and all the said several other recited Acts passed in the Reign of His present Majesty, shall be and the same are respectively hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and lfter the passing of this Act it shall not be lawful for any Spiritual Person having or holding any Dignity, Prebend, Canonry, Benefice or any Stipendiary Curacy or Lectureship, to take to farm, for Occupation by himself, by Lease, Grant, WordB or otherwise, for Term of Life or Term of Years, or at Will, any Lands, exceeding in Amount in the whole Eighty Acres, for the Purpose of occupying or using or cultivating the fame, without the Consent in Writing of the Bishop of the Diocese in which such Dignity, Canonry, Prebend, Benefice, Stipendiary Curacy or Lectureship shall be locally situate, specially given for that Purpose; and every such Permimon to any Spiritual Person to take to farm, for the Purpose of occupying the fame, any greater Quantity of Land than Eighty Acres, shall specify the Number of Years, not exceeding Seven, for which the Permission i* given 5 and every such Spiritual Person as aforesaid who shall, without such Permission as aforesaid, take to farm any greater Quantity of Land than Eighty Acres, shall forfeit for every Acre of Land above the Quantity of Eighty Acres so taken to farm, the Sum of Forty Shillings for each and every Year during or in which he shall so occupy, use, cultivate or farm such Land contrary to the Provisions of this Act, to be recovered by and tq the Use of any Person who may inform and sue for the same.

III. And be it further enacted, That no Spiritual Person having or holding any Dignity, Prebend, Canonry, Benefice, Stipendiary Curacy or Lectureship, shall by himself, or by any other for him or to his Use, engage in or carry on any Trade or Dealing for Gain or Profit, or deal in any Gorods, Wares or Merchandize, by buying and selling for Lucre, Gain or Profit, ' in any Market, Fair or other Place, upon pain of forfeiting the Value of the Goods, Wares and Merchandizes, by him or by any to his Use, bargained and bought to fell again contrary to the Provisions of this Act; and that every Bargain and Contract (0 made by him, or by any to his Use, in tiny such 'Trade or Dealing, contrary to this Act shall be utterly void and of 57 Geo. III. A a pone

21 H. 8. c. 13. 28 H. 8.C. 13.

13 Eli*, c 20*.

14 Eliz. c. 11. r8 Eliz. c. 11.

43 Eliz. c. 9.

3 C.i. c. 4.

43 G. 3. c. 84.

43 G. 3. c.i 09.

12 Ann. Slat. 2. c. 1*.

36G. 3. C. 83. 53 G. 3. c. 149.

Recited AtU repealed.'

Spiritual Persons taking to farm for Occupation above Eighty Acres without Consent of Bishop.

What such Consent is to express.

[Penalty.]

Spiritual Person beneficed, or performing Ecclesiastic^l Duty, engaging in Trade, Sec, Penalty, and Contract* vqid.

i78

Proviso for Spiritual Persons engaged in keeping Schools, or ts Tutors, kc. iu respect of any. thing done, or any buying or selling in such Employment; and for felling any thing bona fide bought for the Use of the Family; or occupying any Glebe, &c.

Non Residence.

Penalties according to time*

Where no House belonging to Benefice, &c. Residence within Limits of Parish, &c. legal Residence.

In what case House* purchas-ed by Governors of Queen Anne's Bounty to be deemed Residences.

Re&ories having Vicarages endowed.

Power in Bishop to allow any fit House belonging to the Preferment to be a House of Residence.

Such Allowance to be registered. In what case the following Persons exempted from Penalties for Non Residence.

Chancellor, &c. in the Universities;

C. 99. 57° GEORGII III. A.D. 1817.

none Effect; and the one Half of every such Forfeiture shall go to His Majesty, and the other Half to him that will sue for the same.

IV. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained in relation to being engaged, in Trade or Dealing, or buying or selling, shall extend or be construed to extend to, or to subject to any Penalty or Forfeiture, any Spiritual Person for keeping a School or Seminary, or acting as a Schoolmaster or Tutor or instructor, or being in any manner concerned or engaged in giving instruction or Education for Profit or Reward, or for buying or selling, or doing any other Act, matter or thin? in the Conduct of, or carrying on, or in relation to the Management of any such School, Seminary or Employment; or to aoy Spiritual Person whatever, for the buying of any Goods, Wares or Merchandizes, or Articles or things of any Description, which shall, without Fraud or Covin, be bought, to the Intent and Purpose, at the buying thereof, to be used and employed by the Spiritual Person buying the fame for his Family or in his Household, and after the buying of any such\>oods, Wares or Merchandizes, or Articles or things, the felling the fame again, or any Parts thereof, which such Person may not want or choose to keep, although the same shall be sold at any advanced Price beyond that which may have been given for the fame; or for any buying or selling again for any Lucre, Gain or Profit of any manner of Cattle or Corn, or other matters or things whatever, necessary, proper or convenient to be bought, fold, kept or maintained by any Spiritual Person, or any other Person for him, or to his Use, for the Occupation, Manuring, Improving, Pasturage or Profit of any Glebe, Demesne, Farms, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, which may be lawfully held and occupied, possessed or enjoyed by such Spiritual Person, or any other for him or to his Use.; Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to authorize any such Spiritual Person to fell any Cattle or Corn, or other matters or things as aforesaid, in Person, in any Market, Fair or Place of public Sale.

V. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act every Spiritual Person holding any Benefice, who shall, without any such Licence or Exemption as is in this Act allowed for that Purpose, wilfully absent himself therefrom for any Period exceeding the Space of Three Months together, or to be accounted at several times in any one Year, and make his Residence and Abiding at any other Place or Places except at some other Benefice. Donative, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry of which he may be pofefTed, shall, when such Absence shall exceed such Period as aforesaid, and not exceed Six Months, forfeit and pay One third of the Annual Value (deducting therefrom all Outgoings, except any Stipend paid to any Curate) of the Benefice, Douative, Perpetual Curacy, or Parochial Chapelry from which he shall so absent himself as aforesaid; and when such absence shall exceed Six Months and not exceed Eight Months, one Half of such Annual. Value; and when such absence shall exceed eight Months, Two Thirds of such Annual Value 5 and when such Absence shall have been for the whole of the Year, Three Fourths of such Annual Value, to be recovered by Action of D£bt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Weji* minster, or the Courts of Great Sessions in Wales, wherein no Essoign, Privilege, Protection or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed; and the whole of every such Penalty or Forfeiture shall go and be paid to the Person or Persons who shall inform and sue for the fame, together with such Costs of Suit as shall be allowed, according to the Practice of the Court in which such Action shall be brought.

VI. And be it further enacted, That every Spiritual Person having any Benefice, and who shall not have any House of Residence thereon, and who shall have resided Nine Months in the Year within the Limits of his Benefice, or within the Limits of the City, Town, Place or Parish in which his Benefice may be situated, provided such last mentioned Residence be within the Distance of Two Miles from the Church or Chapel 01 his Benefice, shall not be liable to any Penalties on account of Non Residence, nor. be obliged to tak* out any Licence in respect thereof, but that the same shall be deemed a legal Residence to all the Intents and Purposes of this Act. 1 and in all Returns made by the Bishops, Persons so residing shall be returned as resident.

VII. And Whereas the Governors of Queen jinne\ Bonnty have in some Instances purchased and may hereafter purchase Houses not situate within the Parishes foKwhich they are purchased, but fb contiguous ' as to be Sufficiently convenient and suitable for the Residence of the officiating Ministers thereof; Be it therefore enacted, That such Houses, having been previously approved by the Bishop by Writing under his Hand and Seal, and duly registered in the Registry of the Diocese, shall be deemed Houses of Residence appertaining to such Benefices to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever,

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in all cases of Re&ories having Vicarages endowed, the Residence of the Vicar in the Rectory House shall be deemed a legal Residence to all Intents and Purposes whatever; provided that the Vicarage House be kept in proper Repair, to the Satisfaction of the Bishop.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Bishop, in every case in which there shall not be a House of Residence belonging to any Benefice within his Diocese, to allow, and adjudge any fit House within the Limits of such Benefice and belonging thereto, or any fit House belonging thereto not within the Limits, but so contiguous as to be sufficiently convenient for the Purpose, to be the House of Residence thereof; and such Allowance and Adjudicationrin Writing under the Hand and Seal of such Bishop shall thereupon be registered in the Registry of the Diocese from time to time; and such House shall thenceforth be deemed the House of Residence for the time being to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

X. And be it further enacted, That no Spiritual Person, being Chancellor, Vice Chancellor or Commissary of either of the Universities of Oxford or Cambridge, or being Warden, Dean, Provost, President, Rector, Principal, Master or other Head Ruler of any College or Hall within the said Universities, and no Spiritual Person having or holding any Professorship or any public Readership in either of the said Universities, being a&pally resident within the Precincts of the University and reading Lectures therein; and no Scholar under the Age of Thirty Years, abiding for Study without Fraud at either of the said Universities; and no Chaplain of the Xing's or Queen's Most Excellent Majesty, or of any of the King's or Queen's Children, Brethren or

12 Sifters,

A.D. 1817.

57° GEORGII III.

c. 99. 179

Sifters, during so long as he shall actually attend in the Discharge of his Duty as such Chaplain in the House-hold to which he shall belong; and no Chaplain of any Archbishop or Bishop, or of any Temporal Lord of Parliament, or of any other Penon or Persons authorized by Law to appoint any Chaplain or Chaplains, during so long as such Chaplain or Chaplains shall abide* and dwell and daily attend in the actual Performance of his Duty as Uich Chaplain in the Household to which he shall so belong; and no Spiritual Person actually serving as a Chaplain of the House of Commons, or as Clerk of His Majesty's Closet, or as a Deputy Clerk thereof, or a Clerk of the Closet of the Heir Apparent, or as a Deputy Clerk thereof, or as a Chaplain General of His Majesty's Forces by Sea or Land, or Chaplain of His Majesty's Dock Yards, while such Spiritual Person shall be actually attending and performing the Duties of such Office respectively; or as a Chaplain in the Household of any British Ambassador residing abroad, during the time of his performing the Duties of such his Office 5 or as Chancellor or Vicar General, or as Commissary, whilst exercising the Duties of their Offices respectively 5 or as an Archdeacon, while upon Visitations or otherwise engaged in the Exercise of his Functions; and no Spiritual Person being a Minor Canon or Vicar Choral, or Priest Vicar, or ahy such other Public Officer, in any Cathedral or Collegiate Church, during the times for which such Spiritual Person shall actually reside within the Precin As of the Cathedral or Collegiate Church to which he shall belong, or within the City or Town in which the said Cathedral or Collegiate Church is situateor the Suburbs thereof, and shall actually perform the Duties of his Office; or as a Dean or Subdean, or Priest or Reader, in any of His Majesty's Royal Chapels at Saint James's or Whitehall\ or as a Reader in His Majesty's Private Chapels at Windsor or elsewhere, whilst redding and actually performing the Duty of any such Office respectively; or as a Preacher in any of the Inns of Court or at the Rolls 5 or as Burfar, Treasurer, Dean, Vice President, Subdean or Public Tutor or Chaplain, or other such Public Officer in any College or Hall in either of the Universities of Oxford or Cambridge, during the Period for which he may respectively be required, by reason of any such Office, to reside and perform the Duties of any such Office, and actually shall reside and perform the Duties of the fame; or as Public Librarian dr Public Registrar or Proctor, or Public Orator or other such Public Officer, in either of the said Universities, during the Period for which he may respectively be required by reason thereof to reside and perform the Duties of any such Office, and actually shall reside and perform the Duties of the fame; or as Fellow of any College in either of the Universities, during the rime for which he faay be required to reside by any Charter or Statute, and shall actually reside therein; or as Warden, Provost or Fellow of Eton or Winchester College, or the Master of the Charter House, during the time for which he may be required so to reside and shall actually reside therein respectively; or within the City or Town or Suburbs of the City or Town within or near to which the said Colleges are respectively situate; or as a Master or Usher in the said Colleges of Eton or Winchester, or as a Master or Uffier of Wedminster School, or as Principal or Professor of the East India College; or who shall be specially exempt from Residence under the Provisions of any Act or Acts of Parliament not repealed by this Act, shall be liable to any of the Pains, Penalties or Forfeitures in this Act contained, for or on account of any Non Residence, during any such Period as aforesaid, on any Benefioe; but every such Spiritual Person shall, with respect to Residence under this Act, be entitled to account such Period as if he had legally resided on fbme other Benefice; any thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XI. And be it further enacted, That it* shall be lawful for any Spiritual Person being Dean, during such rime as he shall reside upon his Deanery, or being Prebendary or Canon, or holding any other Dignity or Dignities in any Cathedral or Collegiate Church or Churches, who shall reside any Period not exceeding FoUr Months altogether within the Yeair upon such Dignity or Dignities, to account such Residence as if ne had legally resided on some Benefice: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for any Spiritual Person having or holding any Prebend, Canonry or Dignity in any Cathedral or Collegiate Church, in which the Year-for the Purposes of Residence is accounted to commence at any other Period than the First of January, and who may keep the Periods of Residence required for Two fucc£ffive Years at such Cathedral or Collegiate Church, in whole or in part, between the First of January and the Thirty first of December in any One Year, to account such Residence, although exceeding Four Months in the Year, as reckoned from the First of January to the Thirty first of December, al if he had legally resided on some Benefice; arty thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Bishop of the Diocese in which any Benefice shall be locally situate to license any longer Period of Non Residence upon any such Benefice of any Prebendary, Canon or other Person holding any Dignity in any Cathedral or Collegiate Church, in any case in which k shall appear to stich Bishop, from his own Knowledge, if such Cathedral or Collegiate Church is locally situate within his own Diocese, or if not, by the Certificate of the Bishop of the Diocele in which the Cathedral or Collegiate Church shall be locally situate, to be required for the Performance of any Duties in any such Cathedral or Collegiate Church 5 provided that every such Spiritual Person shall during such Period reside on such Prebend, Canonry or Dignity.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Spiritual Person appointed to any Prebend, Canonry or Dignity in any Cathedral or Collegiate Church before the passing of this Act, shall be subject to any Penalty or Forfeiture for Non Residence upon arty Benefice during the Period of his actually residing upon such Prebend, Canonry or Dignity.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That every Spiritual Person having any House of Residence upon his Benefice, who shall not reside thereon, shall, during such Period or Periods of Non 'Residence, whether the same shall be for the Whole or Part of any Year, keep such Hoyfe of Residence in good and sufficient Repair; and that every such Spiritual Person who shall not keep such House of Residence in Repair, and who shall not, upon Monition issued by the Bishop of the Diocese in which the same shall be locally situate, put the fame in Repair* according to the Requisition of such Monition, within the time specified therein, to tBfc


Roy alCha plains; Chaplains of Peers, &c.; Chaplain of the House of Commons;

Clerk of the Closet;

Chaplains in the Forces and Dock Yards;

Chaplains of AmbafTadorSj&c. abroad5 Archdeacons; Minor Canons, &c.;

Dean, See. at Sc. James's or Whitehall; Reader in the King's Private Chapels; Preacher in Inns of Court $r the Rolls; Burfars, &c. of College;

Public Librarian, Sec. in the Universities;

Fellows of Colleges;

Warden, &c. of Westminster and Eton and Winchester;

Master of the Charter House; Principal, &c. of the East India College.

Proviso for Dignitaries residing at Cathedral Churches, be, for certain Periods.

Cases in which the Year of Residence at Cathedrals commences at any other Period than the ift of January.

Bishopmay license for a longer Period, if the Duties of a Cathedral or Collegiate Church require

Proviso for Prebendaries, &c. appointed before this Act.

Persone having House of Residence on their Benefice, and not keeping it in Repair,

i8o

C. 99.

57° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1817.

[Penalty.]

Bishop may grant Licences for Non Residence in certain cases enumerated.

Satisfaction of the Bishop of the Diocese, and to be certified to the Bishop upon such Survey and Report as shall be required by the BiftiQp in that behalf, shall be liable to all Penalties for Non Residence, not with* (landing any Exemption or Licence, during the Period of such House of Residence remaining out of Repair, and until the lame shall have been put in good and sufficient Repair, to the Satisfaction of the Bishop of the Diocese,

XV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Adit shall be lawful for any Bishop, upon Application made for that Purpose, by Petition in Writing, by any Spiritual Person, or by any fit and proper Person on behalf of any Spiritual Person having or holding any Benefice locally situated within his Diocese, upon such Proofs as to auy Fads dated in any such Petition as any such Bishop may think necessary, and shall require by Affidavit made before any Ecclesiastical Judge or his Surrogate, or any Justice of the Peace or Magistrate, or any Mader Extraordinary in Chancery (which Oath any such Ecclesiastical Judge or Surrogate or Justice of the Peace or Magistrate, or Mader Extraordinary in Chancery, is hereby authorized and required to adminider), to grant in such cases as are in this Act enumerated, in which, upon due Confederation of all the Circumstances dated in any such Application, and verified to the Satisfaction of the Bishop as aforesaid, such Bishop shall in his Discretion think it fit to grant the fame, a Licence in Writing under his Hand, expressing the Cause of granting the same to such Spiritual Person to reside out of the Parish, or out of the proper House of Residence of his Benefice, for the Purpose of exempting such Person from any pecuniary Penalty or Forfeiture in respect of any Non Residence thereon 5 (that is to say), to any Spiritual Person who shall be prevented from residing in the proper House of Residence, or in the Parish, by any actual Illness or Infirmity*of Body of himself, or of his Wife or Child, making Part of and residing with him as Part of his Family 5 and also to any Spiritual Person having or holding any Benefice whereupon or wherein there shall be no House of Residence, or where the House of Residence shall be unfit for the Residence of such Spiritual Person, such Unfitness not being occasioned by any Negligence, Default or other Misconduct of such Spiritual Person, and such Spiritual Person keeping such House of Residence in Repair to the Satisfaction of the Bishop 5 and also to any Spiritual Person having or holding any Benefice, and occupying in the Parish of the fame respectively any Mansion or Messuage, to reside in such Mansion or Messuage, such Spiritual Person keeping the House of Residence, and other Buildings belonging thereto, in good and sufficient Repair and Condition, and producing to the Bishop Proof to his Satisfaction, at the time of granting and renewing any such Licence, of such good and sufficient State of Repair; and also to any Spiritual Person having or holding any Benefice of small Value, and serving as a licensed Stipendiary Curate elsewhere, and providing for the serving of such his Benefice, to the Satisfaction of such Bishop; and also to any Mailer or Usher of any endowed School duly licensed by the Bishop, and actually employed in teaching therein; and also to any Matter or Preacher of any Hospital or incorporated Charitable Foundation during the period for which he may be required to reside by any Charter or Statute of any such Hospital or incorporated Charitable Foundation, or by any other lawful Authority in the fame, and shall actually reside and perform his Duties therein; or to any Person holding any endowed Lectureship, or endowed Chapelry, or endowed Preachership, and performing and executing the Duties thereof respectively, with the Licence of the Bishop in whose. Diocese he shall so officiate; or to any Spiritual Person having or holding any Bene* fice of small Value, and serving as Preacher in any Proprietary Chapel, in any City or Town, with the Licence of the Bishop in whose Diocese he shall so officiate 5 or to any Spiritual Person actually serving as Chaplain in any of His Majesty's Garrisons, or as Chaplain to the Royal Military Asylum at Chel/eay or Royal Military College at Sandhurst, or -as Teacher of the Royal' Military Academy at Woolwich, or as.Chaplain at either of the Royal Hfospitals at Greenwich or Chelsea, or as Chaplain to either of the Royal Hospitals for Seamen at Hajlar or Plymouth, or as Chaplain to the Naval Asylum, or in His Majesty's Navy, or as Chaplain of His Majesty's Gaol of Newgate, or of the Penitentiary at Milbank, or as Chaplain of any British Fadory, or as principal Surrogate or Official in any Ecclesiastical Court of any Diocese, or as a Librarian of the British Museum, or of Sion College, or as one of the Trustees of Lord Crewe'* Charity, Fee for Li- during the time of personal Attendance on the Duties of such Office respectively: Provided always, that the conces. Spiritual Person obtaining any such Licence shall pay to the Secretary or Officer of the Bishop the Sum of

Appeal to Arch- Ten Shillings, exclusive of and over and above the Stamp Duty chargeable thereon, and no more: Provided bishop on refusal also, that if any Spiritual Person applying to any Bishop for any such Licence shall think, himself aggrieved by Bishop of by the Refusal thereof, it shall be lawful Tor such Spiritual Person to appeal to the Archbishop of the Pro-Liceiure. vince, who shall forthwith, either by himself, or some Commissioner or Commissioners appointed from among the other Bishops of his Province, under his Hand, make or cause to be made Inquiry into the fame, and by Writing signed by himself confirm such Refusal, or grant a Licence under this Act, as shall seem just and proper 2 Provided always, that in every such case the Spiritual Person so appealing shall give Security to the Bishop for the Payment of such reasonable Expences occasioned by the Appeal as the Archbishop or hit Commissioner or Commissioners shall award.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any such Bishop as aforesaid, in any cases not hereinbefore enumerated, in which under all the Circumstances of any such case such Bishop shall think it expedient to grant to any Spiritual Person possessed of any Benefice a Licence to reside out of the Parish, or out of the proper House of Residence, as the case may be, or as the case may appear to such Bishop to

require, and to assign in any case in which a Stipendiary Curate may be employed to do the Duty of such Curates Spiritual Person, such Salary as he shall judge fit to appoint, due Respect being had to the Value of such

employed, as Benefice, and to all other Circumstances of the case: And it shall also be lawful for any Bishop, in case of

'tlity tjuU think the Absence from the Realm of any Spiritual Person, to grant any such Licence without any Application expedient* ade for that Purpose, and from time to time in any such case to renew any such Licence as ne shall think

13

Security on Appeal for Payment of Ex-peuces.

In cases not hereinbefore enumerated, Bishops may gram Licences and attign Sa-

A.D. 1817. 57° GEORGII III. C. 99.

fit, and in every such case to appoint a Stipendiary Curate in case, no Curate duly licensed shall be then employed in serving such Benefice, and to assign a Salary to such Curate 5 or if any Curate shall have been and be then so employed, to assign any additional Salary to such Curate 5 and in every and any of such cases to cause such Salaries to be paid by Sequestration of the Profits of the Benefice: Provided always, tha* in ever)r such case respectively, the Nature and Special Circumstances thereof, and the Reason9 that have induced such Bishop to grant such Licence as aforesaid, shall be forthwith transmitted to the Archbishop of the Province to which such Ittfliop shall belong, who shall forthwith by himself, or by some Commissioner or Commissioners appointed for that Purpose from among the Bishops of such Province, by Writing under his Hand, which Commissioner or Commissioners is and are thereupon authorized to take upon himself or themselves the Execution of the said Commission, examine into such case, and make such Inquiries as to any Particulars relating thereto, as such Archbishop or Commissioner or Commissioners so appointed as aforesaid may think necessary; and after such Inquiries made by himself, or where the same shall be made by such Commissioner or Commissioners, after a Return of the Substance thereof in Writing to such Archbishop, such Archbishop shall thereupon allow or disallow such Licence in the whole or in part, or make any Alteration therein as to the Period for which the fame may have been granted or otherwise, and like wife as to the Stipend assigned to the Curate, as to such Archbishop shall seem fit; and no such Licence shall be good, valid or effectual under this Act, for any Purpose whatever, unless it shall have been so allowed and approved by such Archbishop, such Allowance thereof being signified by the signing thereof by such Archbishop; Provided ^lways, that it shall not be necessary in such Licence to specify the Cause of granting the same.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That no Licence granted under this Act shall be mad? void by the Death or Removal of the Bishop granting the fame, but the same shall be and remain good and valid notwithstanding any such Death or Removal, unless the same shall be revoked by the next or any succeeding Bishop, as the case may require.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That every Application made by or in behalf of any Spiritual Person holding any Benefice, Donative, Perpetual Curacy, or Parochial Chapelry, to the Bishop of the Diocese, for any Licence for Non Residence, shall be in Writing, and shall be signed by the Person making the same, and shall slate whether such Spiritual Person intends to perform the Duty himself, and if he does, where and at what Difiance he intends to reside; or if he intends to employ a Curate, the Application shall date what Salary he proposes to give to his Curate, and whether the Curate proposes to reside or not to reside in the Parish; and if the Curate intends to reside, then whether in the Parsonage House; and if he doe3 not intend to reside in the Parish, then the Application shall date at what Distance therefrom, and at what Place such Curate intends to reside 5 and whether such Curate serves any other Parish as Curate or Incumbent, or has any Ecclesiastical Preferment, or holds any Donative, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, or officiates in any other Church or Chapel; and such Application shall also state the gross annual Value of the Benefice in respect of which any Licence for Non Residence shall be applied for; and it shall not be lawful for the Bishop to grant any such Licence, unless the Application shall contain a Statement of the several Particulars aforesaid; and all such Applications and Specifications shall be kept and filed by the Registrar of the Diocese in a separate Book, which shall be kept and preserved for that Purpose; and such Book shall not be open to public Inspection, or disclosed, or Copies thereof made, except with the Leave in Writing of the Bishop of the Diocese.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That during the Vacancy of any See, the Power of granting Licences under this Act, subject to the Regulations therein contained, shall be exercised by the Vicar General of the Diocese; or in case such Circumstances shall arise as shall disable the Bishop from exercising in Person the Fun6lions of his Office, it shall be exercised by such Person or Persons as is or are lawfully empowered to exercise his general Jurisdiction in the Diocese,

XX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Bishop who shall have granted any Licence for Non Residence as aforesaid, or for any Successor or Successors of any such Bishop, to revoke any such Licence in any case in which it may appear to him or them proper and expedient to revoke the fame: Provided, that any Spiritual Person may appeal against any such Revocation by the Bishop in like manner as is hereinbefore directed in case of any Refusal of any Licence: Provided also, that it shall be lawful for any Archbishop to whom such Appeal shall be made, to order and direct such reasonable Fees and Charges to be paid by any Spiritual Person appealing as aforesaid, in respect of any such Proceedings as aforesaid, as he shall in his Discretion think fit: Provided also that no Licence for Non Residence granted under this Act shall continue in force for more than Three Years from the granting thereof, or after the Thirty first Day of December in the Second Year after the Year in which such Licence is granted.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That every Bishop who shall grant or revoke any Licence for Non Residence under this Act shall and he is hereby required, within One Month after the Grant or Revocation of such Licence, to cause a Copy of every such Licence or Revocation to be filed in the Regiflrv of his Diocese; and an Alphabetical Lift of such Licences and Revocations shall be made out by the Registrar of such Diocese, and entered in a Book, and kept for the Inspection of all Persons, upon Payment of the Sum of Three Shillings and no more; and a Copy of every such Licence with respect to any Benefice shall be transmitted by the Spiritual Person to whom the Licence is granted, to the Churphwardens of the Parish, Township or Place to which the fame relates, within One Month after the Grant of such Licence; and every Bishop revoking any Licence shall cause such Revocation to be transmitted to the Churchwardens of the Parish, Township or Place to which it relates, which Copies shall be by them deposited in the Parish Chest 5 and every Jtegiftrar whp shall neglect to enter the same shall forfeit for every Neglect of entering any such Licence or .Revocation in any such Lift the Sum of Five Pounds, to be recovered by and for the Use of any Person who shall sue for the lame in like manner as any Penalty may be recovered under the Provisions of this Act,; and

' a Copy

*8i

Reasons for granting stich Licences to be transmitted to the Archbishop for Examination, and Allowance.

No such Licence good until so allowed.

In what case only Licences void by Death, &c. of Grantor.

Application for Licence to be in Writing and signed, and to state certain Particulars.

Otherwise Bishop not to grant such Licence.

By whom Licences may be granted while a See is vacant, or Bishop disabled, & c.

Licences may be revoked.

Fees may be ordered to be paid by Appellants.

Limiting the time of Licences.

Copies of Licences or Revocations to be filed in the Re-giflry of the Diocese, and a List kept for InspectioH.

Fee.

Copies transmitted to Churchwardens. Registrar negating,

Penalty 5I

Copy publicly read at the first Visitation.

A Lift of Licences allowed by the Arch-bishop, or granted in his own Diocese, shall be annually transmitted to His Majesty in Council, who may revoke Licences, &c. Proceedings on such Revocation.

Licence, although revoked, shall be deemed valid between the Graut and Revocation.

On or before 45th March annually, a Return to be made by Bishop to His Majesty iu Council of every Benefice, with Names of Residents and Non Residents, &c.

Non Residents by Exemption without Licence shall yearly notify to the Bishop of the Diocese within a certain Period.

Persons neglecting to notify Cause of Exemption,

Penalty aol.

Power of Mitigation or remitting by Bishop.

Art not to exempt from Celt-sure for Non Reftdence without Licence.

Censure for Non Residence not to be in force, nor Proceedn>gft admitted, except at Suit of Bishop.

C. 99. 57° GEORGII III. A.D. 1817.

a Copy of every such Licence or Revocation shall likewise be produced by the Churchwarden, and publicly read by the Registrar or other Officer at the Visitation of the Ecclesiastical District within which the Benefits in respect whereof the Licence shall have been granted, or Revocation made, shall be locally situate, immediate next succeeding the granting or Revocation thereof.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That every Archbishop who shall in his own Diocese grant any Licence or who shall allow or approve, in manner directed by this Act, any Licence or Licences in any case or cases not enumerated in this Act, shall annually on or before the Thirty first Day of January in each Year transmit to His Majesty in Council a List of all such Licences so granted or allowed or approved respectively as aforesaid in the Year ending on the last Day of December preceding such Thirty first Day of January, and shall in every such Lift specify the Reasons which have induced him to grant, allow or approve the said Licences, together with the Reasons transmitted to him by the Bishops for granting any such Licences in their respective Dioceses; and it shall be lawful for His Majesty in Council, by an Order made for that Purpose, to revoke and annul any such Licence; and if His Majesty in Council shall think fit so to do, such Order shall be transmitted to the Archbishop who shall have granted or allowed or aproved such Licence, who shall thereupon cause a Copy of every such Order, made in relation to any Licence so allowed or approved, to be transmitted to the Bishop of the Diocese in which such Licence shall have been granted; and such Bishop shall cause a Copy of the mandatory Part of the Order to be filed in the Registry of such Diocese, and a like Copy to be delivered to the Churchwardens of the Parish to which the fame relates, in manner hereinbefore directed as to Revocation of Licences under this Act; and every such Archbishop shall cause a Copy of jthe mandatory Part of every such Order, made in relation to any such Licence as aforesaid granted by him in his own Diocese, to be in like manner filed in the Registry of his Diocese, and a like Copy also to be delivered to the Churchwarden of the Parish to which such Licence shall relate, in manner before mentioned: Provided always, that after such Licence shall have been so revoked by His Majesty in Council, the same shall nevertheless, in all Questions that shall have arisen or may thereafter arise touching the Non Residence of the Spiritual Person to whom the same shall have been granted, between the Period at which the fame was granted or allowed or approved, and the time at which the same shall be so revoked as aforesaid, be deemed and taken to be and to have been valid and effectual to all the Intents and Purposes of this Act,

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That on or before the Twenty fifth Day of March in every Year a

Return or Returns shall be made to His Majesty in Council by every Bishop, of the Names of every Benefice within his Diocese, or subject to his Jurisdiction by virtue of this Act, and the Names of the several Spiritual Persons holding the fame respectively who shall have resided, and also the Names of the several Spiritual Persons respectively who shall not have resided thereon by reason of any Exemption under or by virtue of this Act, or by reason of any Licence granted by such Bishop for any and what Cause enumerated by this Act> and also of all Spiritual Persons not having any such Exemption or Licence, who shall not have resided on their respective Benefices, so far as the Bishop is informed thereof; and also the Names of all Curates licensed to serve any Benefice on which the Incumbent is not resident, and whether the gross annual Value of such Benefice amounts to or exceeds Three hundred Pounds per Annum or not, the Amount of the Curate's Salary and the Place of his Residence; and every Spiritual Person who shall be non resident in any Year subsequent to the passing of this Act, by reason of Residence on any other Benefice, or of any Exemption under this Act and to entitle him to which it is not necessary to obtain any Licence under this Act, shall, within Six Weeks from and after the First Day of January in every following Year, notify the fame in Writing under his Hand to the Bishop of the Diocese to whose Jurisdiction he is subject by this Act, or otherwise, in respect of such Benefice* specifying the Nature of such Exemption, and whether the gross annual Value of the Benefice on which he is Non Resident amounts to or exceeds Three hundred Pounds per Annum or not 5 and every Spiritual Person who shall have more than qpe Benefice, and who shall reside on one of them, or who shall reside during any Period of the Year on any Dignity, or in the Performance of the Duties of any Office in any Cathedra or CoHegiate Church, or who shall be Non Resident for any Period of the Year on account of any of the Causes of temporary Exemption specified in this Act, shallin like manner, and within the like Period in each Year, notify the same.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That every Spiritual Person who shall neglect to make such Notification as by this Act is directed within such Period ot Six Weeks as aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence the Sum of Twenty Pounds, to be levied, by Order of the Bishop of the Diocese, by Sequei-tration, if not otherwise paid, after Monition to pay the faifae, out of the Profits of the Benefice in respect of which he shall neglect to make such Notification, by the Bishop of the Diocese to whom the Notification ought to be made, to be applied, as such Bishop may direH, to useful and charitable Purposes; Provided always, that it shall be lawful for such Bishop to remit or order the Repayment of any Part of any such Per nalty, in like manner as is allowed by this Act in cases of Non Compliance with an Order for Residence.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act Contained shall extend or be construed to extend to exempt any Spiritual Person or Persons from any Canonical or Ecclesiastical Censures, or affeH any Proceedings that shall hereafter be instituted in any Ecclesiastical Court in order to cause the same to be infliHed, in relation to the Non Residence of any Spiritual Person having or holding any Benefice, who shall not have obtained a Licence according to the Provisions of this Act, to be absent therefrom, nor have any other lawful Cause of Absence: Provided always, that no Proceeding be admitted in any Ecclesiastical Court against any Spiritual Person for Non Residence not exceeding Three Months in any one Year, at the Suit or Instance of any Person or Persons other than the Bishop only of the Diocese within which the Benefice in respect whereof such Non Residence shall have taken place shall be locally situated; any thing in kny Law or Laws, or Eccle-fiafticar Canon or Canons, to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

A.D. 181?.

57° GEORGII III. C. 99. 183

XXVI. And be it further-enacted, That in every case in which it shall appear to any fudh Bishop as afore. If any unlicensed said, that any Spiritual Person, having or holding any Benefice, and not being licensed according to this Act Person does noc to be absent therefrom, nor having any lawful Cause of Absence from the same, does not sufficiently reside on the fame respectively, it shall tfe lawful for such Bishop to issue or cause to be issued a Monition to such* a Spiritual Person forthwith to proceed to and reside thereon, and perform the Duties thereof; and to make a Munition. Return to such Monition within a certain Number of Days after the issuing thereof, so as that in every such Return to such case there shall be Thirty Days between the time of delivering such Monition to such Spiritual Person or Mopition and leaving the fame at his then usual or last Place of Abode, or if not there to be found, with the officiating «h«rProceed-Minister or one of the Churchwardens, and also a Copy thereof at the House of Residence (if any such there , ngs# be) belonging to such Benefice, to which any such Spiritual Person shall be required by such Monition to proceed and reside thereon, and the time specified in such Monition for the Return thereto; and a Copy of Copy filed, and every such Monition shall immediately on the issuing thereof be filed in the Registry of such Bishop's Court, may be inspea-and shall be open for Inspection on the Payment of Three Shillings and no more; and the Spiritual Person to C<J* whom any such Monition shall be sent under this Act shall, within the time specified for that Purpose, make p*e*'urnst0^a Return thereto into such Registry, to be there filed 5 and it shall be lawful for the Bishop to whom any such roatIe to Moni-Return shall be made, to require such Return or any Fast contained therein to be verified by the Oath of such tions, which may Spiritual Person or others, to be taken before some Surrogate or Justice of the Peace, or Master Extraordinary be required to in Chancery, which Oath any such Surrogate or Justice of the Peace, or Master Extraordinary in Chancery, is^uP°n oath* hereby authorized and required to administer, on Application being made for that Purpose; and in every case Where Return where no such Return shall be made, or where such Return shall not state such Reasons as shall be deemed Hiall not be satisfactory by such Bishop for the Non Residence of the Spiritual Person to whom such Monition shall have been sent as aforesaid, or where the fame or any of the Fasts contained therein shall not be so verified as aforesaid when the same shall have been required, then and* in such case it shall be lawful for such Bishop to i£Fue an order. Refijencs, Order in Writing under his Hand and Seal, to require such Person to proceed to and reside as aforesaid, within and if disobeyed, Thirty Days after such Order in Writing, or a Copy thereof shall have been delivered or left in like manner as may sequester is hereinbefore required as to Monitions; and in case of Non Compliance, it shall be lawful for such Bishop to j|j* sequester the Profits of such Benefice of such Spiritual Person as aforesaid, until such Order shall be complied and with, or such sufficient Reasons for Non Residence dated and proved as aforesaid; and to direct, by any Order Application cf to be made for that Purpose under his Hand, and filed as aforesaid, the Application of such Profits, after de- the Profit, dufting the necessary Expences of serving the Cure, either in the whole or in such Proportion as he shall think fit, in the first Place, to the Payment of such reasonable Expences as shall have been incurred in relation to such Monitibn and Sequestration, and in the next Place towards the Augmentation or Improvement of any such Benefice, or the House of Residence thereof, or any of the Buildings and Appurtenances thereof, or towards the Improvement of any of the Glebe or Demefnfe Lands thereof, or to order and dhreft the fame or any Portion thereof to be paid to the Governors of the Bounty of Queen Anne, for the Augmentation of the Maintenance of the poor Clergy, to be applied for the Purposes of such Augmentation as such Bishop shall in his Discretion under all Circumstances think fit and expedient; and it shall also be lawful for any such Bishop, Bishop may withr within Six Months after such Order for Sequestration, or within Six Months after any Money mall have been in the time herer actually levied by such Sequestration, to remit to any such Spiritual Person any Part or Proportion of such in mentioned sequestered Profits, or cause the fame or any Part thereof that shall have been paid or directed to be paid to theemitFar* of Governors of Queen Anne'8 Bounty to be repaid to such Spiritual Person, which Repayment the said Governors ProfitJ^ are hereby authorized and required, upon an Order under the Hand of any such Bishop, to make out of any Money then in their Hands, or if no Money shall then be in their Hands, out jof the next Money that shall come to their Hands, in any case in which, by reason of the subsequent Obedience of any such Spiritual Person to any such Monition or Order, or the flaring and proving such sufficient Reasons as aforesaid, such Bishop shall think the fame proper: Provided always, that when any such Spiritual Person shall think himself ag- Appealagainst grieved by reason of any such Sequestration issued by any Bishop, it shall be lawful for such Spiritual Person, Sequestration to within one Month after the making any Order for any such Sequestration as aforesaid, to appeal to the Arch- Archbishop. bishop of the Province to which such Bishop shall belong, who shall forthwith, either by himself or some Commissioner or Commissioners appointed from among the Bishops of his Province for that Purpose under his Hand and Seal, make or cause to be made due Inquiry into the fame, and make such Order therein or relating thereto, or to the Profits that shall be so sequestered as aforesaid, for the Return to such Spiritual Person of the fame or any part thereof, or otherwise, as shall under all the Circumstances of the cale appear to such Archbishop (after such Inquiry made by himself or by his Commissioner or Commissioners, and in the latter case, after the Sub fiance of such Inquiry shall have been returned in Writing to the said Archbishop) to be just and proper: Provided always, that the Party so appealing shall give Security to the Eiihop for the Pay- Appellant to ment of such reasonable Expences occasioned by the Appeal, as the Archbishop or his Commissioner or Com- give Security missioner8 shall award: Provided also, that no such Order for any Sequestration shall be put in force during Payment of such Appeal as aforesaid, and until the same shall be determined. Expences.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That every Spiritual Person to whom any such Monition or Order in Persons who Writing shall be sent as aforesaid under this Act, who shall be at the rime of the issuing thereof absent from lh*H return to Residehce in or upon his Benefice contrary to the Provisions of this Act, but who (half in obedience to such R*fi<fenceon Monition or Order forthwith return to due Residence, and the Profits of whole Benefice shall by reason of such CostsT°n^Return not be sequestered, shall nevertheless pay all Cosh, Charges and Expences incurred by reason of the ifshing and serving such Monition or Order, to be levied as any Coils may be levied upon any Spiritual Person by any Bishop under any of the Provisions of this Act.

XXVIII. And,

If any Person returning to Residence on Monition shall, before Sir Months thereafter, absent himself, the Bishop may, without Monition, sequester the Profits of the Benefice.

Btihops empowered to punish pad Non Residence.

Penalties, for the Recovery of which Monition has been issued, may be remitted by the Bishop; and special Re. turns made to Archbishop of the Reasons for such Remission.

If any Spiritual Person shall itontiuue under Sequestration Two Years, or incur Three Sequestrations within that Period, Benefice to become void.

Contracts for letting Hbufei in which any Spiritual Persons Hull by Order of the Bishop be required to re. side, shall be void.

Holding Pof-session after the Day appointed for'Residence,

[Penalty.]

And Spiritual' Person directed to reside may have Warrant

C. 99. 57° GEORGII III. A.D. 1817.

XXVIII. And, to the intent effectually to enforce bond Jide Residence according to the Intent and Meaning of such Monition and Order as aforesaid, be it further enacted, That if any Spiritual Person not licenced under this Act to be absent from his Benefice, nor having other lawful Cause of Absence from the same, who, after any such Monition or Order as aforesaid, requiring his Residence, and before or after any such Sequestration as aforesaid, shall in obedience to any such Monition or Order have begun to reside upon his Benefice, shall afterwards, and before the Expiration of Six Months next after the Commencement of such Residence, without the Leave of such Bishop, wilfully in the Judgment of such Bishop absent himself from such Benefice, it shall be lawful for such Bishop, without issuing any other Monition or making any other Order, again to fequefler and apply the ^Profits of such Benehce as before directed by this Act, for the Purpose of enforcing - the Residence of such Spiritual Person, according to the true Intent of the original Monition issued by mch Bishop as aforesaid; and it shall be lawful for the Bishop so to proceed in like cases from time to time as often as Occasion may require; provided that in each and every of such cases such Spiritual Person shall be entitled to appeal against such Sequestration, in such manner and upon such Terms as hereinbefore is ^nd are mentioned touching Appeals respecting Sequestration, but nevertheless the same shall be in force during such Appeal.

XXIX. And Whereas it is expedient that Bishops should be empowered summarily to punish past Non 1 Residence, as well as to compel Residence in future Be it therefore enacted, That in all cases in which any Spiritual Person shall have become subject to any Penalty or Forfeiture for any Non Residence, it shall be lawful for the Bishop within whose Diocese such Penalty or Forfeiture shall have arisen, to proceed against such Spiritual Person for such past Non Residence, and to levy the Penalties incurred thereby by Monition and Sequestration, and to direct the Application thereof in like manner and subject to the fame Regulations, and with like Powers of remitting or ordering the Repayment of any Part of such Penalties, as is directed or allowed in cases of Non Compliance with any Order for Residence.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That in every case in which any Archbishop or Bishop shall think pro* per, under all the Circumstances, after proceeding by Monition for the Recovery of any Penalty under this Act of more than One Third of the Value of any Benefice, for any Non Residence exceeding Six Months in the Year, to remit the Whole or any Part of any such Penalty, such Archbishop shall forthwith transmit to His Majesty in Council, and such Bishop shall transmit to the Archbishop of the Province to which he belongs, a List of such cases as have occurred in his or their respective Dioceses, specifying the Nature and special Circumstances of each case, and the Reasons for the said Remission, in the same manner as is directed in relation to the Licences for Non Residence granted in non enumerated Cases; and it shall thereupon be lawful for.His Majesty in Council, or for the said Archbishop, as the case may be, to allow or disallow such Remission in whole or in part, in the same manner as is provided in this Act with relation to the Allowance or the Disallowance of Licences fqr Non Residence: Provided always, that the Decision of the said Archbishop, with respect to cases transmitted to him from any such Bishop, shall be final.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That if the Benefice of any Spiritual Person shall continue for the Space of Two Years under any Sequestration made Under the Provisions of this Act for Disobedience to the Bishop's Monition requiring such Spiritual Person to reside on his Benefice, or shall under the Provisions of this Act incur Three such Sequestrations in the said Space of Two Years, the Spiritual Person not being relieved with respect to any of such Sequestrations upon Appeal, the Benefice, in relation to Nbn Residence upon which such Sequestration shall have been made shall become ipso fa8o void; and the Bishop of the Diocese shall thereupon giye Notice thereof to the Patron or Person entitled to present, who shall thereupon present or nominate some Clerk thereto other than the Spiritual Person whole Benefice shall have so continued under such Sequestration, or who shall have incurred such Sequestrations as aforesaid, as if the fame had been avoided by the natural Death or Resignation of such Spiritual Person.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That all Contracts or Agreements made for the letting of the House of Residence, or the Buildings, Gardens, Orchards and Appurtenances necessary for the convenient Occupation of the fame, belonging to any Benefice, to which pjoufe of Residence ?ny Spiritual Person shall be required by Order of the Bishop as aforesaid to proceed and to reside therein, or which shall be assigned or appointed a6 a Residence to any Curate by the Bishop, shall, upon a Copy of such Order, Assignroent or Appointment being served upon the Occupier thereof, or left at the House, be null and void; and a Copy of every such Order, Assignment or Appointment shall immediately on the issuing thereof be transmitted to one of the Churchwardens of the Parish, or such other Person as the Bishop shall think fit, and be by him forthwith served on the Occupier of such House of Residence, or left at the fame: And any Person continuing to hold any such House of Residence, or any such Building, Garden, Orchard or Appurtenances, after the Day on which the said Spiritual Person shall be directed by such Order to reside in such House of Residence, or which shall be specified in any such Assignment or Appointment, and after Service of such Copy as aforesaid, or the fame being so left as aforesaid, mall fqrfeit the Sum of Forty Shillings for every Day ne shall, without the Permission of the Bishop in Writing for that Purpose obtained, wilfully continue to hold any such House, Building, Garden, Orchard or Appurtenances, together with the Expence of serving such Order, in case it shall have been deemed necessary specially to serve such Order, to be allowed by the Bishop issuing the Order or makipg such Assignment or Appointment as aforesaid, and to be recovered and applied in like manner as the Penalties for Non Residence are directed to be recovered and applied by the Provisions of this Act 5 and it shall also be lawful for the Spiritual Person so directed to reside as aforesaid, or Curate to whom any such Residence is assigned, to apply to any Justice of the Peace or Magistrate of the County, Riding, Province, City or Place, for a Warrant for the taking Possession thereof; and the Justice

of

A.D. 1817.

57° GEORGII III. C. 99. 185

of the Peace to whom any such Order for such Possession is produced shall and he is hereby required thereupon to give a Warrant for such Possession, and Possession may thereupon be taken of such House under such Warrant at any time in the Day time, by entering the fame by Force, if uecessary, without any other Proceeding by Ejectment or otherwise; any thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament or Law or Laws to the contrary notwithstandingv

XXXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Spiritual Person shall be liable to any Penalties for not redding in any such House of Reddence, during such time as such Tenant shall continue to occupy such House of Reddence or other Buildings necessary to the Occupation of the same.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, no Oath shall be required cf or taken by any Vicar in relation to Reddence on his Vicarage; any Law, Custom, Constitution or Usage to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, Thfit no Penalty or Forfeiture shall be recovered by any Proceeding or Action against any Spiritual Person under the Provisions of this Act, other or further than those which such Spiritual Person may have incurred during the Year ending on the Thirty drft Day of December immediately preceding the Commencement of such Proceeding or Action.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That every Penalty for Non Reddence under this Act, in respect of .which no Proceeding shall -have been had by Monition before the First Day of April next after the Year in which the same shall have been incurred, may be recovered by Action or Suit in the manner by this Act directed.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That no Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information against any Spiritual Person, for the Recovery of any Penalties and Forfeitures under this Act, shall be commenced or filed in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or the Court of Great Sessions in Wales, until the First Day of May after the Expiration of the Year in which the alleged Offence shall have taken place.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That for all the Purpose of this Act the Year shall be deemed to commence on the First Day of January, and be reckoned therefrom to the Thirty first Day of December, both inclusive.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That for all the Purpose of this Act the Months therein named shall be taken to be Calendar Months, except in any case in which any Month or Months are to be made up of different Periods less than a Month, and in every such case thirty Days shall be deemed a Month.

1 XL. And Whereas., notwithstanding the Regulations contained in this Act, Spiritual Persons may through Inadvertence, and in many cases from unavoidable Circumstances and Causes, become subject to Penalties*and Forfeitures and vexatious Prosecutions, unless Provision is made for the Prevention thereof \9 Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, no Writ shall be sued out against nor any Copy of any Process at the Suit of any Informer be served upon any Spiritual Person, for any Penalty or Forfeiture incurred under any of the Provisions of this Act, until a Notice in Writing of such intended Writ or Process shall have been delivered to him or left at the usual or last Place of his Abode, and also to the Bishop of the Diocese, by leaving the fame at the Registry of his Diocese, by the Attorney or Agent for the Party who intends to foe or cause the same to be sued out, or served One Calendar Month at the Least before the suing out or serving the fame; in which Notice shall be clearly and explicitly contained the Cause of Action which such Party hath or daimeth to have, and the Penalty or Penalties for which such Person intends to sue, and on the Back of which Notices respectively shall be endorsed the Name of such Attorney or Agent, together with the Place of his Abode; and no such Notice shall be given before the First Day of April in the Year pext after any such Penalty or Penalties shall have been incurred.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That no Plaintiff shall recover any Verdict against any Spiritual Person for ^ny Penalty or Forfeiture under the Provisions of this Act, unless it is proved upon the Trial of such Action that such Notices were respectively given as aforesaid; hut in Default thereof such Spiritual Person shall recover a Verdict with double Costs.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That np Evidence shall be permitted to be given by the Plaintiff, on the Trial of any such Action as aforesaid, of any Cause of Action, except such as is contained in the Notices hereby directed to be given.

XLIII. And be it Further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Spiritual Person against whom any Action shall be brought for any Penalty or Forfeiture under the Provisions of this Act, by Leave of the Court in which such Actions shall depend, at any time before Issue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money as he shall see fit; whereupon such Proceedings, Orders and Judgments shall be had, made and given in and by such Court, as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That the Court in which any Action, Bill, Plaint or Information shall be depending for the Recovery of any Penalty or Forfeiture for Non Residence under this Act, may and shall, upon Application made for that Purpose, require, by Rule or Order of the said Court or any Judge thereof, the JBishop of the Dipcefe within the Limits of which the Benefice shall be locally situate, or to whom the same shall be subject according to the Provisions of this Act, for or by reason of Non Residence in, at or upon which the Penalties and Forfeitures shall be fought to be recovered by such Action, Bill or Information, to certify in Writing under his Hand to the said Court, and also to the Party for that Purpose named in the said Rule or Order, the reputed Annual Value of such Benefice; and upon such Rule or Order being left with such BHhop or the Registrar of such-BiftiQp, such Bishop shall accordingly certify such reputed Annual Value; and such Certificate shall, 111 all subsequent Proceedings upon such Action, Bill, Plaint or Information, be received and taken as Evidence of the Annual Value of such Benefice, for the Purposes of this Ad$ 57 Geo. III. Bb without

for Possession from JufUce,

Not liable to Penalty while the Tenant shall continue to occupy.

No Oath relating to ResideacS required of Vicar.

Penalties net recoverable for more chan One Year.

What Penalties not levied under Monition may be recovered by

Action.

When Actions for Penalties may be commenced.

Commencement

and Condufion of the Year. Calendar Months to be taken for the Purposes of this Act.

No Ailion to be commenced for any Penalty until after One Ga* Undar Month* Notice given to the Defendant and Bishop of Diocese.

What Notice to contain, and bow endorsed.

Plaintiff not to recover without Proof made that such Nor ices were given.

No Evidence of Cause of Action but such as contained in Notices.

Spiritual Person may by Leave pay into Court before Ilfue joined, such Sum at he shall think fit. The Court in which any Action shall be depending, may require* the Dio-cefan to certify the reputed Annual Value of Benefices, &c. How far Certificate Evidence of Annual Value.

i86

Licence may be pleaded in bar of Action; and In case of Nonsuit, kc* full Costs.

[Double Costs.]

In case of Verdict for Defendant,

Judge may order Plaintiff to give Security for Costs.

If at the time of filing any Monition no Notice of Action shall have been given, no Attioa shall be afterwards brought, ke.

If such Action be then commenced, Proceedings.

No Penalty to be levied a gain ft the Body where it can be recovered by Se-quest ration within Three Year*.

Body takeri may be discharged. Non Resident Incumbents (Exce|»tion) neglecting to appoint Curates, Bishop to appoint and liceufe.

What such Licence to specify.

Curate torelide on all Benefices above 3col. a Year, and Population 300 Parsons and upwards. Proviso for special Circumstances.

If Duty inadequately performed, the Bi-

C. 99. 57° GEORGII III. A.D. 1817.

without Prejudice nevertheless to the Admissibility or Effect of any such other Evidence as may be offered or given respecting the actual Value thereof.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Spiritual Person to whofh any Licence for Non Residence shall have been granted, and against whom any Action shall be brought for any Penalty or Forfeiture by reason of any Non Residence, or any matter or thing relating where to any such Licence under this Act has been granted, to plead such Licence in bar of any such Action; and if the Plaintiff in such Suit or Action shall discontinue any such Suit or Action after any Plea of Licence shall have been pleaded thereto under this Act, then and in such case the Defendant in such Suit or Action shall have full Costs of Suit; and if in any such Suit or Action a Verdict shall be given for the Defendant, or the Plaintiff shall become non-suit, the Defendant shall have Double Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same as any Defendant hath in other cases to recover Costs by Law; and it shall be lawful for the Court, or any Judge of the Court in which any Suit or Action shall be commenced, upon any Application made in that behalf, to order and direct, if such Court or Judge shall deem it expedient so to do, that the Plaintiff in any such Suit or Action shall give Security for the Payment of such Costs, and that all Proceedings in any such Suit or Action shall be staid until such Security shall be given as to the Court or Judge to whom any such Application shall be made shall seem fit.

XLVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if at the time of filing any Monition requiring any Spiritual Person to reside on his Benefice, or to recover the Penalties incurred by past Non Residence, no Notice of any Action for any such Penalty or Forfeiture shall have been already given in manner aforesaid, then and in such case no such Action, Suit, Bill, Plaint or Information shall be afterwards brought for any Penalty or Forfeiture incurred by reason of any Non Residence of such Spiritual Person before the issuing of such Monition, or during any Proceedings that may be had under such Monition; and if any such Action or Suit shall be so commenced, the Defendant therein may plead in bar thereof, that such a Monition as aforesaid has issued in respect of the fame Benefice; and such Defendant, unless upon Application to the Court the same shall be dispensed with, shall, upon pleading such matter, file or cause to be filed an Affidavit in the said Court, thereby stating the Period specified in such Monition, and that, according to the Belief of the Defendant, the Bishop who has issued or caused such Monition to be issued is proceeding upon the said Monition, to the Intent to make the fame effectual to the Intents and Purposes of this Act, other wise such Plea shall not be good or available in the Law.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That no Penalty or Costs incurred by any Spiritual Person by reason of any Non Residence on his Benefice, shall be levied by Execution against the Body of any such Person, whilst he shall hold the fame or any other Benefice out of the Profits of which the fame can be levied by Sequcftration within the Term of Three Years 5 and in case the Body of any such Spiritual Person shall be taken in Execution for the fame, the Court in which the fame was recovered, or any Judge thereof, may and shall, upon Application made for that Purpose, discharge the Party from such Execution, in case it shall be made to appear to the Satisfaction of such Court or Judge that such Penalty and Costs can be levied as aforesaid.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Spiritual Person holding any Benefice, who does not or shall not actually reside thereon Nine Months in each Year (unless such Person shall do the Duty of the fame, having a legal Exemption from Residence, or a Licence to reside out of the fame, or to reside out of the Par-fonage House or Vicarage House, or other usual House of Residence belonging to the fame), shall for a Period exceeding Three Months absent himself from his Benefice, without leaving a Curate duly licensed or other Spiritual Person to perform, and who shall duly perform the Ecclesiastical Duties of stich Benefice, or shall for the Period of Three Months after the Death, Resignation or Removal of any Curate who has served his Church or Chapel, neglect to notify such Death, Resignation or Removal to the Bishop of the Diocese, or to nominate to the Bishop of the.Diocese a proper Curate, then and in every such case, and in every case in which no Curate shall be nominated to the Bishop for the Purpose of being licensed by him within such Period as aforesaid, the Bishop is hereby authorized to appoint and license a proper Curate, with such Salary as by this Act is allowed and directed, to serve the Church or Chapel of the Parish or Place in respect of which such Neglect or Default shall have occurred: Provided always, that the Licence shall in every case specify whether the Curate is required to reside within the Parish or Place or not 5 and if the Curate is permitted by the Bishop granting the Licence to reside out of the Parish or Place, the Grounds upon which the Curate is so permitted to reside out of the Parish or Place shall be specified in the said Licence, and the Distance of the Residence of any Curate from any Church or Chapel which he shall be licensed to serve shall not exceed Five Statute Miles, except in cases of Necessity, to be approved by the Bishop, and specified in the Licences.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That in every case where a Curate is appointed to serve a Benefice upon which the Incumbent is Non Resident for more than Three Months in the Year from Exemption, Licence or otherwise, such Curate shall be required by the Bishop to reside within the Parish; provided the gross Value of such Benefice amounts to Three hundred Pounds a Year or upwards, and the Population amounts to Three hundred Persons or upwards, or provided the Population amounts to One thousand Persons or upwards, whatever may be the Value of such Benefice: Provided always, that whenever it shall be made out to the Satisfaction of such Bishop, that from special and peculiar Circumstances great Inconvenience would arise from such Curate being compelled to reside within the Parish, it shall be lawful for the Bishop to allow such Curate to reside in some near and convenient Place: Provided also, that the Licence to be granted to such Curate shall specify the special Circumstances \prhich have induced the Bishop to allow such Residence out of the Parish, and shall be entered and filed in the Registry of the Diocese.

L. And be it further enacted, That whenever it shall appear to the Satisfaction of any Bishop, either of his own Knowledge, or upon Proof by Affidavit laid before him, that by reason of the Number of Churches or

Chapeia

A.D. 1817.

57° GEORGII III. C. 99. 187

Chapels belonging to any Benefice locally situate within hie Diocese, or the Distance of such Churches or (hopmay require Chapels from each other, or the Didance of the Residence of the Spiritual Person serving the fame from such Incumbent to Churches or Chapels, or any or either of them, or the Negligence of the Spiritual Person holding the fame, that the Ecdefiadical Duties of such Benefice are inadequately performed, such Bishop may by Writing under his roayTimw/apl Hand require the Spiritual Person holding such Benefice to nominate to him a fit Person or Persons, with suffi- pofot fl Curate, dent Stipend or Stipends, to be licensed by him to perform or to assist in performing such Duties, specifying therein the Grounds of such Proceeding; and if such Spiritual Person shall neglect or omit to make such Nomination for the Space of Three Months after such Requisition so made as aforesaid, then and in every such case it shall be lawful for such Bishop to appoint a Curate or Curates, as the case shall appear to such Bishop to require, with such Stipend or Stipends as such Bishop shall think fit to appoint, not exceeding in any case in the Amount of Sti-whole the Stipends allowed to Curates by this Act, nor, except in the case of Negligence, exceeding One Half frd*

of the gross annual Value of the Benefice, although the Spiritual Person to whom such Churches or Chapels case* shall bdong shall actually reside or serve the fame: Prodded always, that such Requisition, and any Affidavit made to found the fame, shall be forthwith filed by the Bishop in the Registry of his Court: Provided also, Appeal for In-that it shall be lawful for any such Spiritual Person, who shall think Jiimfelf aggrieved by any such Appoint- cumbent to ment of such Curate or Curates, to appeal to the Archbishop of the Province to which such Bishop shall be-long, in such and the like manner, and under such Provisions and Directions, as are allowed to any Spiritual Person thinking himself aggrieved by any Sequestration issued by any Bishop.

LI. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where the Bishop of the Diocese shall deem it proper to Bishops may ea-enforce the Performance of Morning and Evening Service on Sundays, or any other Service required by Law force Perform-in any Parish Church or Parochial Chapel, or the Chapel of any Extra Parochial Place, it shall be lawful for"jC£yM-°rnin* such Bishop to enforce the fame by Monition and Sequestration, to be issued in the manner by this Act SemceTUD* provided.

LII. And be it further enacted, That every Bishop to whom any Application shall be made for any Statement of Licence for a Curate to serve for any Person not duly residing upon nis Benefice, shall, before be shall grant Particulars ne-such Licence, require a Statement of all the Particulars by this Act required to be stated by any Person apply- rivenWpwfbot ing for a Licence for Non Residence 5 and it shall not be lawful for any Bishop to grant a Licence to any applying for a Curate to serve the Church or Chapel of any Person as aforesaid, upon any such Application as aforesaid, until a Licence for Non Statemept of all such Particulars as aforesaid shall have been delivered to him; and such Statement shall be Residence. kept and filed and preferred from public Inspection, and disclosed only in like manner and in such cases as is before directed as to Statements of Persons applying for Licences for Non Residence.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That it mail be lawful for the Bishop, and he is hereby required, subject Bifhnps to ap-to the several Provisions and Restrictions in this Act contained, to appoint to every Curate such Salary as is P0^1 Salaries to allowed and specified in this Act 5 and every Licence to be granted to a Stipendiary Curate under this Act Cume* shall contain and specify the Amount of the Salary allowed by the Bishop to the Curate; and such Licence, Licence, or or any Copy of the Registry thereof, signed by the Registrar of the Diocese*or his Deputy, shall be Evidence Copy of Roof the Amount of the Salary so appointed to any Curate in all Courts of Law or Equity; and in case any thereo^ Difference shall arise between any Rector or Vicar or Person holding any Benefice, and his Curate, touching ^moum such Stipend or Allowance, or the Payment thereof, or of the Arrears thereof, the Bishop, on Complaint to Salary, him made, may and ijpall summarily hear and determine the fame; and in case of wilful Neglect or Refusal to Bishopc may pay such Stipend, Salary or Allowance, or the Arrears thereof, he shall be and is hereby empowered to pro- summarily «U-ceed by Monition and Sequestration to sequester the Profits of the Benefice for and until Payment of such Difler-

Stipend or Allowance or the Arrears thereof s Provided always, that the Curate obtaining any such Licence st^And. shall pay to the Secretary or Officer of the Bishop the Sum of One Pound, exclusive of any Stamp Duty which^mif be chargeable thereon; which said Sum of One Pound shall be in Remuneration of all and every Fee or Money hi Lieu Fees now demandable by the said Secretary or Officer for obtaining such Licence, or for the Signature of any of Fees for Declaration by the said Curate in consequence of such Licence, or of any Certificate of such Curate having Licence>c* signed such Declaration; and provided also, that from and after the passing of this Act, as often as any Person shall be licensed to Two or more Curacies within the same Diocese at one and the fiupe time, it shall be sufficient for such Person to sign One Declaration only, appointed to be signed by an Act intituled An Act 1314 far. a. of Uniformity (a); and also that it shall be sufficient for such Person to produce One Certificate only of his Qt + §3-having so signed such Declaration before the Bishop of the Diocese. (a) [There does not appear to be any AS intituled, An Act of Uniformity " The As above referred to is taken to be 13 & 14 Car* A* c. 4.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Bishop to appoint for the Curate any Sti- Stipends to pend or Allowance not exceeding Seventy five Pounds per Annum, and also the Use of the House of Refiaence, ^Jlmtsblfore with the Gardens and Stables belonging thereto, or a further Sum of Fifteen Pounds in lieu of the Use of the 1813,

Rectory or Vicarage House, or other Houses of Residence, in case there shall be no House, or it shall not not to exceed*appear to the Bishop convenient to allot or assign the House to the Curate, in respect of any Benefice to certain Rates, which the Spiritual Person holding the fame was instituted or appointed before the Twentieth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirteen; but it shall not be lawful for the Bishop to assign any greater Sti- Exception, pend or Allowance than aforesaid, in respect of any such Benefice, during the Incumbency of any such Spiritual Person as aforesaid, unless with the Consent of the Spiritual Person holding the Benefice, or in case of Neglect to appoint or to nominate to the Bishop a proper Curate.

LV. And be it further enacted, That in every case in which any Spiritual Person shall have been, after the The Sitorits Twentieth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, or shall hereafter be instituted pr mdufted, befe*"

or nominated or appointed to, or otherwise become Incumbent or possessed of any Benefice, and shall not duly pro^rtioB to


188

the Value and Population uf thf Benefices.

Hour the Value of Benefices under 15 ol. per Annum, estimated.

Where the Benefice exceeds 400l. an Allowance may be made to Curate of iool. per An-nym or more, as herein mentioned.

Smaller Salaries to be allowed to.Curates ii\ certain cases.'

What the Licence is to state.

Special Reasons to be entered.

Salary of Curate engaged to serve interchangeably at different Place* belonging to the fame Incumbent.

Spiritual Person* not to serve more than Two Churches in One Day, except in certain cases, and with special Licence for that Purpose from the Bishop. Reasons for granting such

C. 99.

57° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1817.

reside thereon, unless such Person shall do (he Duty of the fame, having a legal Exemption from Residence, or a Licence to reside out of the fame, or to reside out of the Parsonage or Vicarage, or other usual Hohfe of Residence belonging to the fame, the Bishop shall appoint for the Curate licensed to serve such Benefice of such Non Resident Incumbent or Person as aforesaid, in his Absence, such Salary as i9 herein after next mentioned; (that is to say), such Salary shall in no case be less than Eighty Pounds per Annum, or than the Annual Value of the Benefice, if the gross Value thereof shall uot amount to Eighty Pounds per Annum; and such Salary shall not be less than One hundred Pounds per Annum, or than the whole Value as aforesaid, if the said Value shall not amount to One hundred Pounds per Annum in any Parish or Place where the Population, according to the Returns then last made in pursuance of any Act 6r Adb of Parliament, shall amount to or/ exceed Three hundred Persons; and such Salary shall not be less than One hundred and twenty Pounds per Annum, or the whole Value as aforesaid, if the said Value shall not amount to One hundred and twenty Pounds per Annum, in any Parish or Place where the Population shall appear as aforesaid to amount to or to exceed > Five hundred Persons; and such Salary shall not be less than One hundred and fifty Pounds per Annum, or than the whole Value as aforesaid, if the said Value shall not amount to One hundred and fifty Pounds per Annum, in any Parish or Place where the Population shall appear as aforesaid to amount to or to exceed One; thousand Persons: Provided always, that the annual Value of all Benefices of which the Value, estimated as is herein provided, does not amount to One hundred and fifty Pounds per Annum, shall be estimated from the Returns made by the Bishops of the several Dioceses to the Governors of Queen Anae'a Bounty; or from, any future Returns which may be made by the said Bishops to the said Governors respecting Parishes or Places omitted in the said Returns; or respedUng Parishes or Places in the actual Income of which it shall be made appear to the Bishops that any considerable Variation has taken plfcce, either by Augmentation made by the said Governors or otherwise.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That in any Parish or Place where it shall appear to the Satisfaction of the BHhop that the actual Annual Income of the Benefice, clear of all Deducttons, exceeds the Sum of Four hundred Pounds per Annum, it shall be lawful for the Bishop to assign to the Curate of such Parish or Place, being resident within the same, and serving no other Cure, a Salary or Allowance of One hundred Pounds per Annum, notwithstanding the Population of such Parish or Place may not appear as aforesaid to amount to Three hundred Persons; and that in any Parish or Place where the actual Annual Income shall appear to exceed Four hundred Pounds as aforesaid, and where the Population shall also appear as aforesaid to amount: to or exceed Five hundred Persons, it shall be lawful for the Bishop to assign to the Curate of such Parish'or. Place, being resident within the same, and serving no other Cure, any larger Stipend or Allowance, so that the same shall not exceed by more than Fifty Pounds per Annum the Amount of the Stipend or Allowance hereinbefore respectively required to be assigned to any such Curate.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That in every case in which it shall be made out to the Satisfactioa of the Bishop of any Diocese, that any Spiritual Person holding any Benefice is or has become Nob Resident or incapable of performing the Duties thereof from Age, Sickness or other unavoidable Cause, and that franr* these or from any other special and peculiar Circumstances of the case great Hardship or Inconvenience would apse if the full Amount of Salary specified in this Act should be allowed to the Curate, then and in such case it shall be lawful for such Bishop to assign to the Curate any such Salary left than the said full Amount in this Act specified, as shall under all the Circumstances appear to him just and reasonable: Provided al*. ways, that in the Licence granted in every such case it shall be stated, that for special Reasons the Bishop hath.not thought proper to assign to the Curate the full Amount of Salary allowed or required to be assigned by this Act: Provided also, that such special Reasons shall be entered fully and at large in a separate Book, to be kept for that Purpose, and to be deposited in the Registry of the Diocese, which Book shall not be open to Inspection unless with the Leave of the Bishop or by other proper Authority, as in the cases of Application for Licences for Non Residence.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Incumbent of Two or more Benefices, residing bond jidt, in different Proportions of each and every Year, on forae or one other of such Benefices, the full Period specified by this Act, shall employ a Curate to perform Ecclesiastical Duty interchangeably from time to time Upon such of the Benefices from which he shall be absent during his own adiual Residence upon any other thereof* then and in such case it shall be lawful for the Bishop to assign to any such Curate any Salary' not exceeding fycb Salary as would be allowed under this Act for the largest of such Benefices, nor less than would be allowed for the smallest, as to the Bishop shall under all the Circumstances appear just and reasonable: Pro-i vidftd always, that if any such Incumbent shall employ-a Curate or Curates for the whole Year upon each or any of such Benefices, such Incumbent so residing bond side as aforesaid, then and in such case it shall be lawful for the Bishop to assign to either or each of such Curates any such Salary less than the Amount specified in this Act, as he shall think fit.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act no Spiritual Person shall serve more than two Churches in One Day, or Two Chapels, or One Church and One Chapel, in One Day, unless from the local Situation of the Churches or Chapels, or from, the Value of the Benefices, to which they belong, or other special Causes, it may in the Judgment of the Bishop be expedient or necessary, ' for the Performance of Ecclesiastical Duties in such Places, to grant Licence to any Spiritual Person to serve Three Churches or Chapels, then and in such case it shall be lawful for the Bishop to grant such Licence to any Spiritual Person to serve Three Churches or Chapels, not being distant from each other more than. Four measured Miles: Provided always, that in every such tafe the Reasons for granting such Licence shall be stated by the Bishop in the Licence*granted for serving the Third of such Churches or Chapels held by such Spiritual Persons, and such Licence shall not be v*lid or effectual unless the Reasons for granting the fame

14-

are

A.D. 1817. 57° GEORGII III. C. 99, 189

are iaferted therein as aforesaid: Provided always that the Residebee of such CtxraCe or Spirittial Perfotf Licence to be

shall be so placed as that it shall not he nepefiary for him to travel more than Sixteen measurfed Miles in one Day. ftited by the for the Performance of the Duties of such Churches or Chapels.*Bishop.

f LX. And be it further enacted, That in every such case where any Bishop shall find it'necessary dr expe- How Safari* '* dient, for the obtaining any proper Performance of Ecclesiastical Duties, to licence any Person holding any adjusted where Benefice to serve as Curate of any adjoining or other Parish or Place, it shall be lawful for such Bishop to Curat* fa ee>» appoint, for such Spiritual Person lo licensed, a Salary less by a Sum not exceeding Thirty Pounds per I"*6*? Annum than the Salary which in the several cases in this Act specified the Bishop is required to assign and appoint; and in every case where the Bishop shall find it necessary or expedient as aforesaid to licence one and the same Person to serve as Curate for more than one Parish or Place, it shall be lawful for such Bishop to, direH, that during such time as such Curate shall serve such Churches or Chapels, the Salary to be received by him for serving each of the said Churches or Chapels shall be less by a Sum not exceeding Thirty Pounds per Annum than the Salary which in the several cales hereinbefore mentioned the Bishop is required by thitf Alt to assign and appoint.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That all Agreements and Contrails made or to be made between Persons Agreements for holding Benefices and their Curates, in Fraud or Derogation of the Provisions of this Act, and all Agree-t Safari* to Cu-ments and Contrails whereby any Curate shall undertake or in any manner bind himself to accept or be con* Aa^oidt0

tent with any Stipend or Salary less than that which shall be (fated to be allowed in any Licence of such , s*01

Curate, shall be void to all Intents and Purposes in the Law whatsoever, and shall not be set up, pleaded, or given in Evidence in any Court of Law or Equity 5 and notwithstanding the Payment and Acceptance, ill notwithstanding pursuance of any such Contrail or Agreement, of any Sum less than the Sum specified in the Licence of Payment and such Curate, or any Receipt, Discharge or Acquittance that may be given in cases of such Payment and ^SuaTthan Acceptance, the Curate or his personal Representatives shall be and remain entitled to the full Amount of mentioned in* what shall remain unpaid of the Stipend, Salary or Allowance Specified in his Licence; and the Payment of Licence, what shall so remain unpaid shall, together with treble Cods of recovering the fame, be enforced by Moni- Payment may tion, on Proof of what shall so remain unpaid to the Satisfaction of the Bishop, and by Sequestration of enforced by

Profits of the Benefice, to be issued by the Bishop for that Purpose: Provided that the Application of the Curate shall in every such case be made to the Bishop within Twelve Months after he shall have quitted his Limitation of Curacy, or by the Representative of any Curate within Twelve Months after his Death; and provided also, Application to that no Sequestration shall by virtue of this Act affeH the Profits of any Benefice beyond the time during Bishop. which the Benefice shall be held by the Person liable to make the Payment in respect of which such Profit#

shall be fequedered.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That in every case in which any Bishop shall appoint for any Curate a Curau's Salary, Salary equal to the whole annual Value of such Benefice, such Salary shall be ftibieH to DeduHion in respect of all such Charges and Outgoings as may legally affeH the Value of such Benefice, and to any Loss or Di-i*

minution which may feflen such Value, without the wilful Default or Neglect of the Spiritual Person holding charges, the Benefice.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Bishop upon the Application of any The Bishop to' ReHor, Vicar or Spiritual Person holding any Benefice, the whole Profit or Income of which shall have been Re^or> allotted to the Curate, to allow such ReHor, Vicar or Spiritual Person to deduH and retain therefrom, om°Curat^a in any or each Year, so much Money, not exceeding in any case One Fourth Part of such Profits or Income, Salary for Re* or of the Salary, assigned to the Curate, as shall have been actually laid out and expended during the Year in pair*, to a limit-the Repair of the Chancel, Parsonage, Vicarage or other House of Residence, and Premises and Appurte- ed Amount m nances thereto belonging, in respect of which such ReHor, Vicar or Person as aforesaid, or his Executors, certain-case*..Administrators, or Assigns, would be liable for Dilapidations to the §uccessors; and it shall also be lawful for the Bishop, in like manner, to allow any ReHor, Vicar or Spiritual Person aforesaid, having or holding 3'ny Benefice the Profits or Income of which shall not exceed One hundred and fifty Pounds per Annum y to deduH and retain from the Salary allotted to the Curate, in each or any Year, £b much Money as shall have been actually laid out and expended in such Repairs as aforesaid over and above the Amount of the Surplus remaining of such Profits or Income after Payment of the Salary allotted to the Curate, so that the Sum so deduHedr after laying out such Surplus, shall not in any Year exceed One Fourth Part of the Salary allotted to the Curate.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Bishop who shall grant any Licence The Bishop may to any Curate to serve any Church or Chapel where the ReHor or Vicar or Person holding any Benefice aIlot Parionag is not resident for four Months in each Year, to allot, if he shall think fit, for the Residence of such ^n^e^C^rate Curate, the Parsonage or Vicarage House, or usual House of Residence of the Person holding the Bene- in cast of ^on fice, with the Offices, Stables, Gardens and Appurtenances thereto belonging, if there shall he any such Residence of In-House of Residence belonging thereto, or any Part or Parts thereof, during the time of such Curate's (erring cumbents. the Cure, or during the Non Residence of such ReHor or Vicar or Spiritual Person; and it shall be lawful Sequestrationif for the Bishop assigning any such House or Residence to any Curate, to sequester the Profits of the Benefit not

to which the House shall belong, in any case in which Possession shall not be given up to the Curate, and delivered, until such Possession shall be given, and to apply or direH the Application of the Profits arising from such Sequestration, or to remit the fame or any Part thereof, as the Bishop shall in his Discretion think fit.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That in every case where the Bishop shall appoint, for the Curate Curate*to pay licensed to serve any Benefice, a Salary npt less than the whole gross Annual Value of the fame, and shall, in Taxes, &c* of addition to such Salary, direH that such Curate shall reside in the Parsonage or Vicarage House, or usual House of Residence of the Spiritual Person holding such Benefice, such Curate shall be liable during his certt^ cases.

serving

190 C. 99.

57° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1817.

fenring such Cure, to the fame Taxes and Parochial'Rates and Assessments, in respect of such House and the Appendages thereof of which he may so be in Occupation, as if he had been instituted or indufted or nominated or appointed to the said Benefice.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Bishop at any time, upon T&ree Months Notice in Writing, to direct any such Curate to deliver up any such Parsonage or Vicarage House or usual House of Residence, and the Offices, Stables, Gardens and Appurtenances thereto belonging, and such Curate shall thereupon peaceably deliver up the Possession of the said Premises, pursuant to such Notice; and in case any such Curate shall refuse to deliver up such Premises, he shall forfeit and pay to the Rector or Vicar, or Spiritual Person holding the Benefice, the Sum of Forty Shillings for every Day of such wrongful Possession to be recovered by such Rector or Vicar or Spiritual Person by Action of Debt in any Court of Record at Westminster, as any Penalties may be recovered for Non Residence under this Act.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the Rector or Vicar or other Person holding any Benefice, in any case in which the Parsonage or Vicarage, or usual tfoufe of Residence shall have been amgned to the Curate as a Residence, to dispossess such Curate, or take Possession thereof, until the Permission of the Bishop shall have been given in Writing for that Purpose, and Three Months1 Notice of such his Intention to the Curate, who shall thereupon quit the fame according to such Notice; and every Curate Months Notice, who shall reside in the House of Residence of any Benefice which shall become vacant, shall quit such House Curate to quit in Of Residence within Three Months after the Institution or Appointment of any Spiritual Person thereto, upon af^ln^tution reared so to do by the Spiritual Person instituted or appointed, and having one Month's previous

to a vacantUBe° Notice at the lead given to him to quit such House of Residence.

nefice, on One

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Curate shall quit any Benefice to which he shall be licensed.

Months Notice, until after Three Months Notice of his Intention to quit given to the Person holding such Benefice, and to Curate not with- ^he Bishop of the Diocese, unless with the Consent of the Bishop of the Diocese, upon pain of forfeiting to the Spiritual Person holding the Benefice a Sum not exceeding the Amount of his Stipend for Six Months, at the Discretion of the Bishop, which Sum may in such case be retained out of the Stipend, if the fame or any Part thereof shall remain unpaid; or if the fame cannot be retained out of the Stipend, - may be recovered by the Spiritual Person holding the Benefice, as any Penalty or Forfeiture under this Act may be recovered.

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Rilhop of the Diocese to license any Curate who is or shall be actually employed by the Rector, Vicar or other Incumbent of any Church or Chapel, although no express Nomination of such Curate shall have been made to such Bishop by the said Rector, Vicar or other Incumbent; and that the Bishop shall have Power to revoke summarily and without Process any Licence granted to any Curate employed in his Diocese, or subject to his Jurisdiction by virtue out Nomination, cf tjj8 and to remove such Curate for any Cause which shall appear to such Bishop to be good and reasonable; subject nevertheless to an Appeal to the Archbishop of the Province, and to be determined in a summary manner.

LXX. And be it further enacted, That every Bishop who shall grant or revoke any Licence to any Curate under this Act shall and he is hereby required to cause a Copy of such Licence or Revocation to be entered in the Registry of the Diocese within which the Benefice in respect whereof any such Licence shall be granted or Revocation made shall be locally situate; and an Alphabetical Lift of such Licences and Revocations shall be made out by the Registrar of each Diocese, and entered in a Book, and kept for the Inspection of all Persons, upon Payment of the Sum of Three Shillings and no more; and a Copy of every such Licence and Revocation with respect to any Benefice shall be transmitted by the said Registrar to the Churchwardens or Chapelwardens of the Parish, Township or Place to which the fame relates, within One Month after the Grant of such Licence or Revocation thereof, to be by them deposited in the Parish Chest; and every Registrar who shall refuse or neglect or omit to make any such Entry, or to transmit any such Copy, shall forfeit for every such Offence or Neglect the Sum of Five Pounds, to be recovered as any Penalty or Forfeiture may be recovered under this Act: Provided always, that every such Registrar shall, for every such Copy transmitted to such Churchwardens or Chapelwardens as aforesaid, be entitled to demand and have from such Churchwardens or Chapelwardens a Fee^oVegiftrar Fee Ten Shillings and no more; and such Fee shall be allowed in the Accounts of such Churchwardftis or for Copy trans. Chapelwardens.

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That all the Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, matters and things in this Act contained in relation to Bishops in their Dioceses, shall extend and be construed to extend to the Archbishops in the respective Dioceses of which they are Bishopsx and also in their own peculiar Jurisdictions, as fully and effectually as if the Archbishops were named with the Bishops in every such case.

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That in all cases wherein the Term Benefice is used in this Act, the said Term shall be understood and taken to mean Benefices with Cure, and no others, and to comprehend therein, for the Purposes of this Act, all Donatives, Perpetual Curacies and Parochial Chapelries.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That every Archbishop and Bishop, within the Limits of whole Province or Diocese respectively any Benefice, respectively, Exempt or Peculiar, shall be locally situate, shall have, use and exercise all the Powers and Authorities necessary for the due Execution by them respectively of the Provisions and Purposes of this Act, and for enforcing the fame with regard thereto respectively, as such Archbishop and Bishop respectively would have used and exercised if the fame were not Exempt or Peciffiar, but were subject in all respects to the Jurisdiction of such Archbishop or Bishop; and where any Benefice, Exempt or Peculiar, shall be locally situate within the Lfmits of more than One Province or Diocese, or where the fame or any of them shall be locally situate between the Limits of the Two Provinces, or between the; Limits of any Two or more such Dioceses, the Archbilhqp or Bishop of the Cathedral Church, to whose Pro-

15 vines

The Bishop raiy direct Curate to give up Posses-fioo of Parfoa-age.

Not giving up, Panaity.

Ret!or, &c. not to dispossess Curate of House without Order of the Bishop, and Three

out Leave of Bishop to qu't Curacy without Three Months Notice to Incumbent and Bishop.

[Penalty.]

Bishop may license Curates employed with-

may revoke Li cence and remove Curate. Appeal to Archbishop. Licence to Curates, and Re-vocations of such Licences, to be entered in the Registry of the Diocese.

Fee for Inspection. Registrar refuting, Sec. to make such Entry or transmit Copy, Penalty 5I

mitted.

Clauses relating tp Bishops to apply to Archbishops.

Definition of the Term Benefice.

Power of Arch bishops and Bishops as to Benefices, Sec. Exempt or Peculiar, locally situate within their Provinces; and also as to Benefices, Sec. situate in more than

A.D. 1817. 57° GEORGII III. C. 99.

vince or Diocese the Pari Hi Church of the fame respectively shall be nearest in local Situation, shall have, use and exercise all the Powers and Authorities which are necessary for the due Execution of the Provisions of this Act, and enforcing the fame with regard thereto respectively, as such Archbishop or Bishop could have used if the fame were not Exempt or Peculiar, but were subject in all respects to the Jurisdictions of such Archbishop or Bishop respectively, and the fame, for all the Purposes of this Act, shall be deemed and taken to be within the Limits of the Province or Diocese of such Archbishop or Bishop; provided that the Peculiars belonging to any Archbishoprick or Bishoprick, thopgh locally situate in another Diocese, shall continue subject to the Archbishop or Bishop to whom they belong, as well for the Purposes of this Act as for all other Purposes of Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That in every case in which Jurisdiction is given to the Bishop of the Diocese, or to any Archbishop, under the Provisions of this Act, and for the Purposes thereof, and the enforcing the due Execution of the Provisions thereof, all other and concurrent Jurisdiction in respect thereof shall wholly cease, and no other Jurisdiction in relation to the Provisions of this Act shall be used, exercised or enforced, save and except such Jurisdiction of the Bishop and Archbishop under this Act; any thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament, or Law or Laws, or Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXXV. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where Proceedings under this Act are directed by Monition and Sequestration, such Monition shall issue under the Hand and Seal of the Bishop, and being duly served shall be returned, with a Certificate of Service, into the Registry of the Consistorial Court of such Bishop; and thereupon it shall be competent for the Party monished to shew Cause by Affidavit or otherwise, as the case may require, against the Sequestration issuing; and unless sufficient Caule be shown to the contrary, the Sequestration shall issue under the Seal of the said Consistorial Court, and in such Form as is commonly used on that behalf.

LXXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Bishop of any Diocese in which any Spiritual Person shall hold any Dignity or Benefice, or shall serve as Stipendiary Curate, to recover any Penalty incurred under this Act, in a summary way, by Monition and Sequestration, to be issued in the manner by this Act directed, with the like Powers and Authorities, and subject to the like Restrictions in respect to the Remission and Repayment of such Penalty, as are by this Act particularly provided in respect to Penalties for Non Residence: Provided always, that no Spiritual Person against whom any such Proceeding shall have been had by any Bishop for the Recovery of any Penalty, shall thereafter be subject to any Action at Law by any Informer or other Person for the Recovery of any Penalty for the fame Offence in respect of which such Proceeding shall have been so had by the Bishop as aforesaid.

LXXVII. And be it further enacted, That any Fees, Charges, Coils or Expences incurred or directed to be paid by any Spiritual Person under the Provisions of this Act, which shall remain unpaid for the Period of Twenty one Days after Demand thereof in Writing delivered to or left at the usual or last Place of Abode of the Spiritual Person liable to the Payment thereof, may be recovered by Monition and Sequestration, to be issued in the manner directed by this Act.

LXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That none of the Provisions of this Act shall extend or be construed to extend to render void or invalid, before the Thirty first Day of December next, any Licence or Exemption which would have been otherwise valid and effectual, nor to require any Licence to be taken before the said Thirty first Day of December next, which would not have been required by Law before the passing of this Act.

LXXIX. And be it further enacted, That no Commission issued by any Bishop to any Commissary or Commissaries appointed to administer the Oaths required to be taken by any Curate for the Purpose of any Licence or Licences granted under the Provisions of this Act shall be subject to any Stamp Duty 5 any thing contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary not with (landing.

LXXX. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to alter or affect His Majesty's Royal Prerogative in the granting of Difperifations for Non Residence upon Benefices, as the fame now exists by Law.

LXXXI. And be it further enacted, That no Parsonage that hath a Vicar endowed, or that hath a perpetual Curate, and having no Cure of Souls, shall be deemed or taken to be a Benefice within the Intent and Meaning of this Act.

LXXXII. And be it further enacted, That no Archbishop or Bishop having or who shall have any Benefice shall by reason of Non Residence upon the fame be subject or liable to any Penalties or Forfeitures: Provided always, that any Archbishop or Bishop who shall hold any Benefice in commendam with his Archbishoprick or Bishoprick, shall nominate and appoint a resident Curate, according to the Provisions of this Act.

LXXXIII. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall be deemed, construed or taken to derogate from, diminish, prejudice, alter or affect, otherwise than is expressly provided, any Powers, Authorities, Rights or Jurisdiction already veiled in or belonging to any Archbishop or Bishop under or by virtue of any Statute, Canon, Usage or otherwise howsoever.

LXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to repeal or alter the Provisions contained in any Act of Parliament, or any other Provision of Law, for the due Celebration of Divine Service in any Church or Chapel, or for the Discharge of any other Duty of any Rector or Vicar, or Person holding any Benefice, by himself or his Curate.

LXXXV. And be it further enacted, That no Provision in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland.

191

One Province or between the Limits of Two Provinces.

Peculiars subject ro Archbishop or Pifliop to whom they belong.

every case in which Jurisdiction is given to Bishop, See. all concurrent Jurisdiction to cease.

IfTuing and serving Monitions.

Cause may be shewn against Sequestration.

Penalties to be recovered by Monition and Sequestration.

But Party against whom such Proceeding had, not subject to Action at Law.

Recovery of Fees, &c.

Proviso for Licences before 31st Dec. how far not to require any Licence before that time. Commission to administer Oaths not to be subject to Sump Duty.

Proviso for His Majesty's Prerogative in granting Dispensations*

What Parsonage not deemed a Benefice. Archbishop or Bishop not liable to Penalties for Non Residence.

Proviso for I'owers of Archbishops and Bishops;

and for the due Celebration of Divine Service.

Act not to extend to Ireland.

19a C. 10o.

57° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1817.

46 G. 3. c. 133

49 G. 3. c. 67.

50 G. 3. c. 58. 53 G. 3. c. 143.

CAP. C.

An Act to renew the Powers of exonerating Small Livings and Charitable Institutions from the Lan& Tax, and for making further Provision for the Redemption of the Land Tax.

[10th July 1817.]

WHEREAS certain Acts passed in the Forty sixth, Forty ninth, Fiftieth and Fifty third Yean

of His present Majesty, relating to the Redemption of the Land Tax, authorized the Commissioner* appointed by His Majesty's Royal Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Great Britain for carrying into Effect certain Powers and Provisions of the Land Tax Redemption Ad, to direct the Exoner-

ation and Discharge of the Land Tax charged upon Hereditaments belonging to Livings or other Ecclesiastical Benefices or Charitable Institutions, in the manner and under the Directions in the said recited Acts

respectively mentioned or referred to; and, pursuant to the Powers so vested in the said Commissioners,

they have exonerated and discharged the Land Tax charged upon the Hereditaments belonging to several

Small Livings and Charitable Institutions: And Whereas it may be expedient to augment the Incomes of

other Small Livings, or other Ecclesiastical Benefices, and of Charitable Institutions not already exona^ 4 ated from Land Tax, by exonerating the fame from the Land Tax charged on the Hereditaments belonging thereto respectively in the manner herein after mentioned : Be it therefore enacted by The King*i Most Commissioners Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, under Great in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for Seal pursuant to any rpwo Qr more Q£^Commissioners appointed or to be appointed by His Majesty by His Royal Letters §4*. may^xone- P*tent under the Great Seal, pursuant to a Provision contained in an Act passed in the Fifty fourth Year of rate Small Liv- His said Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to alter and amend certain of the Powers and Provisions of several ings and Chari- Acts passed for the Redemption and Sale of the Land Tax, and for making further Provision for the Redemption table Institutions, thereof, at any time or times after the pamng of this Act, to direct the Exoneration and Discharge of the Land noto"aCy^g Tax charged upon the Messuages, Lands or other Hereditaments belonging to any Livings or other Ecde> from Land Tax fiscal Benefices or Charitable Institutions, in cases where the whole clear annual Income of such Livings or without Transfer other Ecclesiastical Benefices or Charitable Institutions respectively shall not exceed the Sum of One hundred or Payment of and fifty Pounds, without the Transfer or Payment of any Consideration for the fame, in the manner and under

the Directions and Reflridions in this Act mentioned.

II. And be it further enacted, That every Incumbent of any such Living or other Ecclesiastical Benefice, and all Feoffees or Trustees of any such Charitable Institution, who shall be desirous that the Hereditaments belonging to such Living or other Ecclesiastical Benefice or Charitable Institution should be exonerated from Land Tax under the Provisions of this Act, shall, within Two Years after the passing of this Act, transmit a Memorial to the said Commissioners, verified in such manner as they shall require and direct, flaring the Nature and Description of the Property or other Funds or Sources from whence the Income of such Living or Eccl&» fiastical Benefice or Charitable Institution is derived, and the Amount of Income derived from each respectively; and shall also at the same time transmit to the said Commissioners a Certificate, signed by the Clerk to the Commissioners of the Land Tax acting for the District, Town, Parish or Place within which the Hereditaments belonging to such Living or other Ecclesiastical Benefice or Charitable Institution shall be situate (which Certificate such Clerk ia»hereby required to grant), containing a Description in Writing of such Hereditaments, and the Name of the Parish or Place, or Parishes or Places, within which the same shall be situate, and the Amount or Amounts of the Land Tax charged thereon.

III. Provided always, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissionfers, if they shall deem it expedient, to enlarge the time by this Act limited for the Transmission of any such Memorials and Certificates as aforesaid, for any further Period not exceeding Six Calendar Months from the Expiration of the Period by this Act limited as aforesaid for the Transmission thereof 5 and all Memorials or Certificates which shall be transmitted to the said Commissioners within such extended Period shall be as valid and effectual to enable the Exoneration of Land Tax under the Provisions of this Act, as if the fame had been transmitted within Two Years from

Defers of Form the passing of this Act; and further, that if any such Memorials or Certificates which shall be transmitted e'^er wft"in the said Period of Two Years, or within the said extended Period, shall be found defective in ma be'amend- Form, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to allow such time for the Amendment thereof as they in ed if transmitted their Discretion shall think fit, and, upon Return thereof in their amended State, to exonerate the Heredita-wkhin the time ments therein referred to from the Land Tax, as effectually as they could have done if such Memorials or limited. Certificates, when originally transmitted, had not required Amendment.

Commissioners

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, by Writing under their may by Writing Hands, to certify and declare that all the Hereditaments belonging to any such Livings or other Ecclesiastical Lands are* Jtencfices or Charitable Institutions as aforesaid shall be wholly freed and exonerated from the Land Tax exonerated from charged thereon, and from all further Assessments thereof; and such Hereditaments shall thereupon, and notr Land Tax. withstanding it may afterwards appear that any of them, or any Part thereof, were omitted to be rated to the Such Lands free, Land Tax at the time such Certificate of Land Tax shall have been obtained, be wholly freed and to^rated1* exonerate^ from all Land Tax and all farther Assessments thereof, from such of the quarterly Days of the Time Certi- Payment Land Tax as shall next precede the Day on which such Certificate of Exoneration shall jirate obtained, be left at the proper Office, for the Purpose of being duly registered in the manner herein after prescribed.

4 V. And Whereas in some Instances the Governors of the Bounty of Queen Anne, for the Augmentation of the Maintenance of the Poor Clergy, have augmented Small Livings by appropriating, for the Benefit of such Livings respectively, undivided Shares in Farms, Lands or other Hereditaments rated to the Land Tax in One entire Sum, in which case the Rent payable from the Tenant or Tenants thereof is received by {the respective Incumbents of such augmented Livings, according to the Shares with which their respective

Consideration. Incumbents, &c. to transmit Statements to be verified of Income of Livings, &c. and Certificates of Hereditaments, &c. and Amount of Land Tax.

Commissioners may enlarge time for trans-raitting such Statements and Certificates.

A.D. 1817. 57° GEORGII III. C. 10o.

spe6ttve Livings have been augmented, on their alkwing to the Tenant or Thants a like proportionate Share of the Land Tax payable in respect of such Farms, Lands or other Hereditaments Now be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners appointed or to be appointed by Letters Patent under the Great Seal, at any time within Two Years after the passing of this Act, to direct the Exoneration and Discharge of the Land Tax charged upon any Farm, Lands or other Hereditaments with which Two or more Livings have been so jointly augmented as aforesaid, upon the Application of the Incumbent or Incumbents of any one or more of such Livings, and whether the Incumbent or Incumbents of the other Living or Livings shall or shall not join in such Application, in case it shall appear to the said Commissioners, by the Product'on of such Evidence as they may require and think satisfactory, that the clear annual Income of i.o one of such Livings so augmented (inclusive of the annual Value of its Augmentation) shall exceed the Sum of Ore hundred artd fifty Pounds, without the Transfer or Payment of any Consideration for the fame, and by Writing under their Hands to certify and declare that the Farm, Lands or Hereditaments with which such Livings shall have been so jointly augmented, shall be wholly freed and exonerated from the Land Tax charged thereon, and from all further Assessments thereof, in the same manner as is hereinbefore directed with respect to the Exoneration of other Livings from the Land Tax under the Provisions herein, before contained.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Officer appointed for the Registry of Contra61s for the Redemption of the Land Tax shall register all the said Certificates of Land Tax and the said Certificates of Exoneration grafts, and shall make out and transmit Duplicates of the Land Tax thereby certified and exonerated under the Provisions of this Act, and do all such other Acts and things necessary for the Exoneration of the Hereditaments so to be exonerated, as by the Acts now in force relating to the Redemption of the Land Tax, or any of them, are directed in regard to Contrafts entered into under the Provisions thereof respectively 5 and every Copy of the Registry of any such Certificate, shall be allowed in all Courts and Places, and before all Persons, to be good and sufficient Evidence of such Certificate 5 and no such Certificate, nor any Copy of the Registry thereof, shall be liable to any Stamp Duty.

VII. And Whereas it occasionally happens that the Hereditaments belonging to Livings or other

Ecclesiastical Benefices or Charitable Institutions, the clear annual Income arising from which does not

amount to the Sum of One hundred and fifty Pounds, have not been rated to the Land Tax Be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to direct the Exoneration and Discharge of the Hereditaments belonging to such Livings or other Ecclesiastical Benefices or Charitable Institutions respectively from any future Assessment of Land Tax thereon, in the same manner and under the fame Regulations, so far as the same are applicable, as the said Commissioners are by this Act authorized and empowered to do in cases where the Hereditaments belonging to any such Livings or other Ecclesiastical Benefices or Charitable Institutions are or shall be rated to the Land Tax.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That a Statement of the Proceedings of the said Commissioners, with regard to the Exoneration of Livings or other Ecclesiastical Benefices or Charitable Institutions from Land Tax, shall be laid before each of the Two Houses of Parliament before the Expiration of the Session of Parliament ending in the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty; but that if, by reason of any Defect in the Forms of any Memorials or Certificates by this Act- directed to be transmit ted to the said Commissioners, the Proceedings of the said Commissioners, so far as they may relate to the Exoneration of any Land Tax mentioned or referred to in such Memorials or Certificates, shall necessarily be delayed, so as to prevent a Return of their Proceedings thereon before the Expiration of such Session, then a Statement of the Proceedings of the said Commissioners, with regard to the Exoneration of the Land Tax mentioned or referred to in such last mentioned Memorials or Certificates, shall be laid before each of the Houses of Parliament before the Expiration of the Session ending in the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty one.

IX. And be it further enacted, That where any Tenant or Lessee at a Rack Ifymt for any Term or

Number of Years, or at Will, of any Lands, Tithes or other Hereditaments belonging to any Livings or other Ecclesiastical Benefices or Charitable Institutions which have been exonerated from the Land Tax under the Provisions of the said Acts of the Forty sixth, Forty ninth, Fiftieth and Fifty third Years of His present Majesty, or any of them, or shall be exonerated from Land Tax under the Provisions of this Act, shall have been or shall be bound by Agreement to pay the Land Tax charged thereon during the Continuance of any Lease or Demise, or any Agreement for a Demise, the Amount of the Land Tax from which such Lands, Tithes or other Hereditaments have been or shall be so exonerated, shall, from the respective Periods of such Exoneration, and during the Continuance of such Leases or Demises, be considered as Rent reserved or made payable thereon, and the same shall be payable on the same Days, and the fame Powers shall be had, used and enjoyed for the Recovery thereof, and all Arrears thereof, from the respective Periods of such Exoneration, as for the Recovery of such Rent when in Arrear.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in every Contract entered into after the passing of this Act, and before the Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, according to the Assessment of Land Tax made or to be made for the Year commencing from the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, for the Redemption of Land Tax charged on any Messuages, Tenements or other Buildings, without any Lands or Grounds held therewith, or on any Messuages, Tenements or other Buildings, together with any Lands consisting'wholly of Yards, Courts, Curtilages or inclosed Gardens, held, occupied and charged together with such Messuages, Tenements or Buildings, where the Land whereon the said Messuages or Buildings shall stand, and of which the said Yards, Courts, Curtilages and inclosed Gardens shall consist, shall not exceed in the whole one Fourth Part of a Statute Acre, it shall be

57 Geo. III. C c lawful

*93

Commissioners may exonerate from-Land Tax Farms with which Two or more Livings have been jointly augmented under Queen Anne's Bounty, upon Application of One Incumbent; and may certify.

Certificates to bu regift ered gratis. Officer to transmit Duplicates of Land Tax, &c.

Copy of Registry Evidence of Certificate.

Commissioners may exonerate Livings under i5ol.not affected to the Land Tax, from Liability to be assessed. Statement of Proceedings as to Exoneration to be laid before Parliament. Proviso for De- lay snfing from Deleft cf Form, See.

Where Tenants at Rack Rent are bound to pay Land Tax on Lands belonging to Livings, fvc. exonerated from Land Tax, the Amount of Land Tax exonerated ro be considered as Rent referred.

Consideration for redeeming Land Tax on Messuages and Premifte not exceeding One Fourth of an Acre, how calculated.

Form of Contra^.

53 O.3. 0.1*3.

No Contract to be made for Redemption of Land Tax on the Terms of 18 Years* Purchase, unless ASdavic be exhibited shewing the Particulars of the Premises. Corporations and others may redeem Land Tax on Livings in their Patron -age, on Transfer of Stock producing a Dividend equalin Amount to the Land Tax.

Corporations, &c. may fell Hereditaments for Redemption of Land Tax, or apply for that PurposeTruft Money.

Redemption Contracts to declare their Desire that the Lands redeemed from Land Tax should not be subject to an Annual Rent Charge, fcc.

Proviso if no such Declaration be contained in Redemption Contract.

Memorials to be presented by Corporations to the CommUfioa-ers under the Great Seal previous to making any Sale for redeeming such Land Tax. Where Lands subject to Mortgage, Stc. shall be agreed to be sold for redeeming the Land Tax, &c. Commissioners may

C. ioq. 57° GEORGII III. A.D. 1817.

lawful to contract and agrea for the Redemption of such JLaud Tax for a Consideration in Money equal in Amount to Eighteen times the Amount of the Land Tax fa contracted to be redeemed, to be paid in On<? entire Sum within Three Calendar Months from the Date of the Coutrad; and every such Contract shall be made in the Form, and the Consideration thereof shall be paid according to the Rules, specified in t: he Schedule marked (C.) to an Act passed in the Fifty third Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend and render more effectual federal A&i pajfedfor the Redemption and Sale of tie Land Tax.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Contract shall be made for the Redemption of Land Tax on the Terms of Eighteen Years7 Purchase as aforesaid, unlefa an Affidavit in Writing shall be exhibited to the Commissioners for executing the fame Contract, to be made before any JMaster Extraordinary in the Court of Chancery, or a Commissioner in One of the Courts of King's Bench, Common Pleas, or Exchequer in England or before feme Person authorized to take Affidavits in the Court of Sessions in Wales, or in the Courts of SessionS or Judiciary in Scotland, showing to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, in the cases of redeeming such Land Tax at Eighteen Years7 Purchase, the Particulars of which the Premises on which the Land Tax intended to be redeemed shall consist, and that the same are of the Quality and do not contain above the Admeasurement before described.

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Ecclesiastical or Lay Corporations, and Feoffees and Trustees for charitable or other public Purposea, and all other Persons entitled to the Patronage of any Living or Livings, to contract and agree for the Redemption of the Land Tax charged on the Glebe Lands, Tithes or other Hereditaments belonging to any such .Living or Livings, in consideration only osso much Capital Stock in the Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities and the Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities, or one of them, as will yield an Annuity or Dividend equal in Amount to the Land Tax so to be redeemed; any thing in the A&4 now ip force, relating to the Redemption of the Land Tax or any of them, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That in order to provide for any such Redemption by any Ecclesiastical or Lay Corporations, or by any Feoffees or Trustees for charitable or other public Purposes, it shall be lawful for them respectively, by and under the Direction and Authority of the Commissioners under the Great Seal, to fell any Hereditaments belonging to such Ecclesiastical or Lay Corporations, or Feoffees or Trustees respectively, in the same manner and under the fame Regulations and Restrictions as they respectively could or might have done under the Powers and Provisions of the Land Tax Redemption Acts now in force, or any of them, for the Redemption of any Land Tax charged on the Lands belonging to them respectively, or to apply fqr the like Purpose any personal Property inverted in the public Stocks or Funds, or any Legacies or voluntary Donations, or any other Trust Money which such Ecclesiastical or Lay Corporations, or Feoffees or Trustees, are authorized by the said Acts or any of them to lay out in the Redemption of Land Tax, or any surplus Stock or Money arisen or to arise by any Sale, Mortgage or Grant made or to be made by any such Ecclesiastical or Lay Corporation, or Feoffees or Trustees, for redeeming their Land Tax under the Powers and Provisions of the said Acts or any of them.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any such Ecclesiastical or Lay Corporations, or Feoffees or Trustees for charitable or other public Purposes, who shall be so desirous of redeeming any Land Tax charged on any Living or Livings in their Patronage, to declare in the Redemption Contracts respectively that they are desirous that the Lands or other Hereditaments, the Land Tax on which shall be proposed to be redeemed, shall not be subject to any Annual Rent Charge, or to any other Charge in favour of such Ecclesiastical or Lay Corporations or Feoffees or Trustees, in respect of such Redemption, in which case such Livings respectively shall not be liable to the Payment of any such Annual Rent Charge, or to any other Charge in respect of such Redemption, under the Provisions of any of the Acts now in force relating to the Re* ikaspUoa of the Land Tax; but nevertheless, if no such Declaration shall be contained in such Redemption Contracts, the Ecclesiastical or Lay Corporations, or Feoffees or Trustees redeeming such Land Tax, shall be entitled to an Annual Rent Charge issuing out of the Living the Land Tax on which shall be so redeemed, equivalent to the Amount of the Land Tax redeemed, in the same manner as is provided in similar cases by the Acts now in force relating to the Redemption and Sale of the Land Tax, and to the like Powers, on prefacing or nominating any Clerk or Clerks to such Living or Livings, of suspending Payment of such Rent Charges respectively during the Incumbency or Incumbencies of such Clerk or Clerks respectively, as are by the said Acts or any of them given in like cases.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when any Lands or other Hereditaments shall be proposed to be sold by any Ecclesiastical or Lay Corporation, or Feoffees or Trustees for charitable or other public Purposes, for die purpose of redeeming any Land Tax under the Power lastly herein contained, the Ecclesiastical or Lay Corporation, Feoffees or Trustees for charitable or other public Purposes, desirous of racking such Sales, shall present a Memorial to the Commissioners appointed or to be appointed under the Great Seal, Hating their Intention of making such Sale and the Object thereof, for the Approbation of such Commissioners; and such Commissioners or any Two of them are hereby required, if they shall approve of such Sale, to certify their Approbation thereof under their Hands*

XVI. And be it further enacted, That where any Lands or other Hereditaments, the Whole or Part whereof shall be exclusively .subject to any Trusts, Mortgages, Liens or Incumbrances, shall be agreed or proposed to be sold under the Powers and Provisions of the Acts passed and now in force relating to the Redemption of the Land Tax, for the Purpose of redeeming any Land Tax charged on Hereditaments which shall, with the Exception of such Trusts, Mortgages, Liens or Incumbrances, stand limited or settled or subject to the same Uses, Trusts, Intents and Purposes as the Lands or Hereditaments so agreed or proposed to be sold, or for the purpose of reimbursing any Stock or Money previoafly transferred or paid for redeeming such Land Tax,

A.D. 1817. 57° GEORGII III. C. rod. 195

Tax, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners for the Redemption and Sale of Land Tax for the time being, drre& tint Ap-if in their Judgment the Lands or other Hereditaments so agreed or proposed to be sold shall in other re- plication be spe&s be eligible to be sold for the Purpose proposed, to direCfc the Party ofr Parties applying for the Sale mad* t0rd>e thereof to make Application to the Court of Charfcery in England, if the Estate shall be situate in England, Court of t^an-or the Court of Session in Scotland, if the Estate shall be situate in Scotland; and in such cases it shall be { * tol^)'e lawful for the said Courts respectively (if such Courts respeCUveir shall in their Discretion think fit), upon Court of SessioTi, Application made by Petition in a summary Way by or on behalf of the Person or Persons defcrous of if in Scotland.' making such Sale, to order and direct that the Linds or other Hereditaments so agreed or proposed to be Order thereon, fold for the Purposes aforesaid shall be sold and* Conveyed subjectc to such Truth, Mortgages, LienB or ether Incumbrances to which the fame or any of them shall be so exdufively subject $ and the Commissionert for the Redemption and Sale of Land Tax shall carry such Order into Effect according to the Tenor and Effect thereof.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That where the Land Tax charged upon any Lands, Tithes or other Where Land Hereditaments belonging to any Archiepifeopal or Episcopal See, or to any Rectory or Vicarage, shall have Tax redeemed been redeemed by any Archbishop, Bishop, ReClor or Vicar for the time Deing, by and out of the private hj Archbishops, Monies belonging to such Archbishop, Bishop or'Rector or Vicar, and it shall happen'that any Stock shall be standing in the Names of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, or in the Name of "there h*5* the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, or in the Names or Name of any Trustees or Trustee, Stock standing in on account or for the Use ef any such Archiepiscopal or Episcopal See, or Rectory or Vicarage, which the Name of shall have arisen from any 8ale, Mortgage or Grant, and which shall not have been applied for the Purposes Commissionen. for which such Sale, Mortgage or Grant shall have beea made, it shall be lawful for the Archbishop or NailonalDebt0 Bishop, or Rector or Vicar for the time being, by and under the Direction and Authority of the Commis- \n trust f0'r iioners appointed or to be appointed by Letters Patent under the Great Seal, to treat and agree with the such See, &c. as Archbishop, Bishop, Rector or Vicar who shall have so redeemed such Land Tax, or with the Executors, herein mention*. Administrators or Assigns of such Archbishop, Bishop, Rector or Vicar, for the Purchase of an Assign-d» °" 0rd!, r meet from them respectively of the Land Tax so redeemed; and for the Purpose of completing the Pur- ^ffionerefudT chafe of such Alignment, it shall be lawful for the said last mentioned Commissioners or any Two or more stock may be of them to order and direct the Consideration for such Purchase shall be paid or transferred by Sale or transferred to Transfer of a sufficient Part of such Stock; and the Governor and Company of the Bank of England> and Person aligning the said Commissioners for Redu&km of the National Debt, and the said Accountant General, and also such lhc Land Tax' Trustees or Trustee as aforesaid, are hereby respectively authorized and required, upon the Production of such Order, signed by any Two or more of the said Commissioners under the Great Seal, by Sale or Transfer of a sufficient Part of such Stock, to pay or transfer to the Person or Persons assigning such Land Tat the Money or Stock specified in such Certificate; and the Receipt or Receipts of such Person or Persons shall be sufficient Discharges for the Money or Stock so to be paid or transferred 5 and upon any such Payment or Transfer being made as hereby is directed, and upon an Assignment being made of such Land Tat to the Archbishop, Bishop, Rector or-Vicar for the time being (and which Assignment shall not be liable to.any Stamp Duty), such Land Tax shall forthwith become merged and extinguished for the Benefit of the See or Living the Hereditaments belonging to yhich respectivery or any of them shall have been charged with the said Land Tax.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That where there shall be any Surplus Stock standing in the Names Surplus Stock of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, to the Account of any Bodies Politic or fowling in tht Corporate, or Companies, or Feoffees or Trustees for Charitable or other public Purposes, arising from or produced by any Sale, Mortgage or Grant made or to be made by any such Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Reduction of Companies, or Fec^Fees or Trustees, under the Powers and Provisions of the Land Tax Redemption Acts, National Debt or any of them, or of this Act, after satisfying the Purposes for which such Sale, Mortgage or Grant shall may be sold to have been made, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners appointed or to be appointed by Letters Patent un- Pjy c°so of der the Great Seal, by any Writing under their Hands, to order and direct the Commissioners for the Re-duction of the National Debt to fell and transfer so much of such Stock as at the time of such Sale or t^e Commis- Transfer shall produce the Sum which shall be allowed by the said Commissioners appointed by Letters fionen.

Patent under the Great Seal as the Coils of such Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Companies, or Feoffees or Tniftees, attending any such Sales, Mortgages or Grants $ which Sum, when so raised, shall be paid to such Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Companies, or Feoffees or Trtifteea, to whom such Costs shall have been allowed, or to any Person or Persons to be nominated by them respectively to receive the same, in Discharge of such Costs accordingly.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That in all cases, of Contracts already entered into, or which after the CommHHonert passing of this Act shall be entered into, by any such Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Companies, or Feoffees m*y 8ive &*-or Tniftees as aforesaid, for the Redemption of any Land Tax, either under the Powers of the said Acts, or any of them, or of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said last mentioned Commissioners, by any Writing so^lJe Reduc-uader their Hands, to give such Orders and Directions to the said Commissioners for the Reduction of the tion of the Na-National Debt, with regard to the Transfer of any such Surplus Stock, or with regard to the Sale thereof tional Debt for or any Part thereof, and with regard to the Application of the Money arising from the Sale thereof, a9 the making good the said Commissioners appointed by Letters Patent shall think proper, for the Purpose of making good the Transfer or Payment of the Stock or Money Consideration for the Redemption of such Land Tax, according to^lie T^rmsof to the Terms of such Redemption Contracts respectively, and for Payment of any Colb to be allowed by the ContraR, the said Commifisonm; and the said Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt are hereby re- whoaretotrana-quired to make or eause to be made all such Transfers, Sales and Payments according to such Orders. fer accordingly.

In what cases Allotments may be made under luclosure Acts in lieu of Fee Farm Rents payable in respect of Land Tax purchased.

Provisions of 41 G. 3. c. icy. and all other luclosure Acts applicable to Allotments made under this Act.

Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes enabled to eiecute and confirm Deeds of Sale, &c. which have not been executed by the Commissioners acting under the Royal Sign Manual.

Such Deeds hereby confirmed.

Where Contracts cannot be completed, the Commissioners for Taxes may refeind them,

C. 100. 57 f° GEORGII IH. A.D. 1817.

XX. And be it further enacted, That in all cases wherein, by reason of any Purchase made or to be made of any Land Tax under the Powers and Provisions contained in any of the Acts passed for the Redemption and Sale of the Land Tax, the Lands or Hereditaments, the Land Tax on which has been or shall be so purchased, or any of them, have become or shall become charged with a yearly Rent or Sum as a Fee Farm Rent, equal in Amount to the Land Tax so purchased, and any Common Lands, Waste Lands, or other Lands situate and being within the Parish, Township or District within which the Lands, out of which any such Fee Farm Rent shall be issuing, shall be situate, shall hereafter be divided or allotted and inclosed under any Act of Parliament already passed or hereafter to be parted, it shall be lawful for the Commissioner or Commissioners respectively authorized to carry such Act or Acts of Parliament into Execution, to set out or allot and award unto and for the Benefit of the Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Companies, or other Person or Persons for the: time being seized of or entitled to the Receipt of such Fee Farm Rents respectively, and in lieu, Satisfaction and Discharge of such Fee Farm Rents respectively, and to the fame or the like Uses as at the times of such Allotments shall respectively affect the said Fee Farm Rents respectively, such Part or Parts of the Lands so to be divided, allotted and inclosed as aforesaid, as the said Commissioner or Commissioners respectively shall m his or their Judgment deem an Equivalent for the Fee Farm Rents in lieu of which such Lands shall be so allotted; such Commissioner or Commissioners taking care that such Allotments shall adjoin or be as contiguous as may be to any other Allotments, if any, to the Proprietors of such Fee Farm Rents, or to any Messuages or old Inclosures, if any, belonging to such Proprietors respectively.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That all and singular the Powers, Clauses and Directions contained in an Act passed in the Forty-first Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for consolidating in One AS certain Provisions usually inserted in Acts of inclosurcy and for facilitating the Mode of proving the several FaSs usually required on the puffing of such Acts; and also all and singular the Powers, Clauses and Directions contained in any Inclosure Ad already parted, but the Allotments under which have not been set out, and to be contained in any future Acts of Parliament for dividing, allotting or inclosing any Commons, Waste Lands or other Lands within any Parish, Township or Places in England or Wales, shall, so far as such several Powers, Clauses and Directions shall be applicable to the case, be used, applied and exercised with respect to any Allotment or Allotments to be made in lieu of any Fee Farm Rents under the Directions of this Act.

XXII. And Whereas it appears that some Deeds of Sale, which, previous to the Revocation of the Commissions heretofore granted under the Royal Sign Manual, enabling the Persons therein named to be Cora-

missioners for the Redemption and Sale of the Land Tax, were intended to have been executed by and under the Authority of the Persons named in such Commissions, have been executed by the Tenants for Life or

other Persons having Authority, with the Consent of such Commissioners, to make such Sales, but have not been executed by such Commissioners; and Difficulties have in some Instances arisen as to the Mode of confirming^ Titles under such imperfect Conveyances; and it is expedient that a discretionary Power should be given to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes of confirming the fame, and also any Deed of Mortgage or Grant that may for the fame Cause be found imperfect; Be it therefore further enacted, That upon Production to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, or any Two of them, of any Deeds of Sale, Mortgage or Grant, that have been executed by any Tenant or Tenants for Life, or other Person or Persons having Authority under the Land Tax Redemption Acts for the time being to make any such Sale, Mortgage or Grant, with the Consent and Approbation of Two or more of the Commissioners for the time being appointed by and under the Royal Sign Manual, but which Deeds of Sale, Mortgage or Grant, have not been executed by the Commissioners, whose Consent was necessary to the Validity thereof respectively, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes or any Two of them, on their being satisfied that such Deeds of Sale, Mortgage or Grant would have been authorized and available under the Powers and Provisions of the said Acts or some of them, if Two of the Commissioners for the time being acting by virty^ of the Royal Sign Manual had been Parties to and executed the fame, to sign and seal such Deeds of Sale, Mortgage and Grant, and to cause such Indorsements to be made on such Deeds respectively, as the said Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes may, under the Circumstances of the case, think necessary or proper for shewing their Assent to and Confirmation of such Sales, Mortgages or Grants; and all such Deeds of Sale, Mortgage or Grant, which shall be so signed and sealed by the said Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, or any Two of them, and upon which any such Indorsement shall be made, shall be and the same are hereby respectively ratified and confirmed from the respective Periods at which such Sales, Mortgages or Grants were respectively intended to take Effect, and the same shall be from such respective Periods as valid and effectual in the Law, and be considered as conferring upon the respective Purchasers or Mortgagees of the Lands and Hereditaments therein respectively comprized, or upon the respective Grantees of any Rent Charges, and all Persons claiming by, from, through, under or in Trust for them respectively, as good a Title to the Lands or Hereditaments fold or mortgaged, or to the Rent Charges granted, as if Two of the Commissioners for the time being acting under the Royal Sign Manual, and who would have been competent under the Acts for the time being to consent to such Sales, Mortgages or Grants respectively, had approved of and consented thereto respectively, by signing and sealing such Deeds respectively; and no Deeds of Sale, Mortgage or Grant so to be confirmed, shall require any Stamp Duty by reason of any Execution thereof by the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, or by reason of any such Indorsement to be made thereon as aforesaid.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That where any Contract shall have been entered into for the Redemption of any Land Tax, and any Contract shall have been entered into for Sale of any Lands or other Hereditaments for the Purpose of raising Money to complete the Contract for the Redemption of such Land Tax, and it shall appear that such Contract for Sale'cannot, under the Powers and Authorities of the Land Tax Redemption Acts, or any of them, or by reason of some Defied in the Title to the Lands'or other Hereditaments

comprized

A.D. 1817.

57° GEORGII III. C. 100.

'97

comprized in such Contract for Sale, be completed, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners for the Affairs of and d, re*the Taxes, or any Two.of <hem, to rescind and declare void such Contract* for Redemption of Land Tax; and rC*

thereupon it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to make such Orders and give such Directions as they shall think proper for the Re-transfer of any Stock or the Re-payment of any Money that may have been previously transferred or paid in pursuance of such rescinded Contract; and the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, and the several Receivers General in England, and Collectors in Scotland, to whom the fame may respectively appertain, shall, upon a Certificate of such Contract being so rescinded, make, and they are hereby respectively required to make, such Re-transfer or Re-payment accordingly.

XXIV. And Whereas it is expedient to make Provision for the Enrolment and Register of Deeds which have not been duly enrolled or registered pursuant to the Directions of the several Acts passed relating to the*Redemption of the Land Tax; Be it therefore further enacted, That all Deeds required by the said Acts Deeds valid or any of them to be enrolled or registered shall be valid and effectual, although the fame should not have been tf)°u§h en* or shall not be enrolled or registered within the Periods prescribed by the said Acts respectively, provided the Peri^rprefrrib-

fame shall have been enrolled or registered before the passing of this Act, or shall be enrolled or registered the within Twelve Calendar Months after the passing thereof; and that in case any such Deeds shall not be en- relating to the

rolled or registered within Twelve Calendar Months after the passing of this Act, or any Deeds hereafter to be Redemption of executed under the Powers of the said Acts or any of them, or of this Act, shall not be enrolled or registered Land Tax* within Six Calendar Months after the Execution thereof respectively, it shall be lawful for any Two or more "fwo Commis-of the Commissioners for the time being for the Redemption and Sale of the Land Tax, if they shall think fit, Jemmionof upon the Production of any such Deeds, to order the same to be enrolled or registered; and that all Deeds Land Tax may, to be enrolled or registered pursuant to any such Order shall be as valid and effectual as if the fame had been under Circum-enrolled or registered within the Periods prescribed by the said Acts or by this Act; and that all Convey- <tanc« herein ances made subsequent to any Deeds already enrolled or registered, or to be enrolled pr registered under this ^erfuch* Ad, and depending in point of Title on such Deeds, shall be of the fame Effect as if such Deeds had been^ enrolled or regifUred on the Day of the Date thereof; nevertheless without Prejudice to the Validity of any enrolled, &c.

A durances heretofore made or hereafter to be made to correct or supply any Defects arising from the Want

of such Enrolment or Registry.

XXV. And Whereas for the Purpose of redeeming or purchasing Land Tax, or of raising Money for

reimbursing the Stock or Money previously transferred or paid as the Consideration for redeeming Land Tax, or for purchasing Assignments of Land Tax, or for Come other Purposes for which Lands and Hereditaments were authorized to be sold under the Powers and Provisions of the Acts heretofore passed, relating to the Redemption and Sale of the Land Tax or some of them, some Sales of Lands and other Hereditaments have been made, the Titles to which, as derived under such Sales, may be considered void or voidable,

4 or liable to be impeached at Law or in Equity, or be liable to Objections calculated to impede the free

Alienation thereof; Now# be it further enacted, That all Sales made, and all Conveyances executed, of In what case Lands or other Hereditaments fold for the Purpose of redeeming or purchasing Land Tax, or for raising Money as hereinbefore is mentioned, provided such Conveyances shall appear to have been executed under the anew coufirrned. Authority and with the Consent and Approbation of the respective Commissioners for the time being authorized to consent to Sales made under the Powers of the said Acts respectively, or any of them, shall be and the same are hereby ratified and confirmed from the respective Periods at which such Sales and Conveyances were respectively made and executed, and the same shall be from such respective Periods valid and effectual, and be considered as conferring upon the respective Purchasers of the Lands and Hereditaments therein respectively comprised, and all Persons claiming by, from, through, under or in Trust for them respectively, a good and valid Title, both at Law and in Equity, to such Lands or Hereditaments, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; any thing in the said Acts, or any Law or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every Person who may conceive himself or her- Proviso for Re-

self injured or prejudiced by any Sales hereby confirmed, shall, at any time within Five Years after the passing l, e^jn Equity of

of this Act, if such Person shall not be under any legal Disability, but if he or she shall be under any legal Salei!*

Disability, then within Five Years next after such Disability shall be removed, be entitled to Relief either by*y

the Decree of a Court of Equity on a Bill filed, or by a summary Application to a Court of Equity by Petition, and by the usual Proceedings before the Master or other proper Officer of the Court on such Petition, and an Order thereupon; and shall under such Decree or Order have an Annual Rent Charge to such an Amount, and for and during such Term or Estate, and charged upon such Lands or other Hereditaments, as such Court shall order or direct; and the said Court shall have full Power to adjust the Proportion and Terms of such Annual Rent Charge between different Claimants, and to direct the Settlement of such Annual'

Rent Charge in such manner as the said Court shall, under the Circumstances of the case, in its Discretion think proper; and shall also have Power to make such Order respecting the Costs of the Parties as the said Court shall think fit.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Powers and Provisions contained in any Acts Power of Acts in force at the time of the passing of this Act, touching the Redemption and Sale of the Land Tax, shall be

severally applied and construed in like manner as if the fame Powers and Provisions had been contained and LuidTax ap-reenacted in this Act. plied to this Act.

198

5i O. c.n*

continusd.

Secretary alWar to issue the Money required for the Pay of the Regular Militia Vrhen disembodied. Rates of Pay.

C. 10t, io2. 5J° GEORGII III. A.D. tSiy.

CAP. CI.

An Act to continue an Act, intituled An Act further to extend and render more Jfeftual certain Provisions of an Act passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Firf

intituled f An Act to prevent frivolous and vexatious Arrejts; and of an Act passed in the Fifth* Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Second, to explain, amend and render more effectual the said former Act; and of Two Acts, passed in the Nineteenth and Forty third Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, extending the Provt/ions of the said former Acts. [11th July 1817.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fifty fird Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An

A8 further to extend and render more effectual certain Provisions of an Act passed in the Twelfth Tear

of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the FirJL, intituled An Act to prevent frivolous and vexatious i Arrests and of an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Second, to 1 explain, amend and render more effectual the said former Act; and of Two Acts, passed in the Nineteenth and Forty third Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, extending the Provisions of the said former 1 Acts: And Whereas the said recited Act will expire at the End of the present Session of Parliament, un-

less the same shall be continued; and it is expedient that the fame should be continued: Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Coiifent of the Lords Spi-ritiyil and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act shall continue and be in force until the Fird Day of November in the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty^ three, and thenceforth until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and no longer.

CAP. CII.

An Act to defray the Charge of the Pay, Cloathing and contingent Expences of the Disembodied Militia in Great Britain, and of the Miners of Cornwall and Devon; and for granting Allowances, in certain cases, to Subaltern Officers, Adjutants, Quartermasters, Surgeons' Mates and Serjeant Majors of, Militia, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eighteen. [ 11 th July 1817.]

[This Act, except as to Dates and the StSions that are retained, and except as to Sessions 2. 18. and 21. which are added, and also except as to SeSion 10. of c6 G. ? c. 00. which is omitted, is the same as the said Act of 56 G. 3.. 90.]

WHEREAS it is necessary that Provision should be made for defraying the Charge of the Pay.

Cloathing and contingent Expences of the Regular Militia, and or the Miners of Cornwall ano

Devon (when disembodied), in Great Britain, from the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, to the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eighteen; and i also for making Allowances of Reduced Pay, in certain cases, to Subaltern Officers and Surgeons* Mates

of the Regular Militia and Miners of Devon and Cornwall in Great Britain, while disembodied; and also

Allowances to Adjutants and Serjeant Majors of the Regular Militia, who have been or may be reduced;

and to Adjutants, Surgeons and Quartermasters, after long Service; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Secretary at War for the time being may and shall and he is hereby authorized, empowered and required to cau(V to be issued and paid the whole Sum required for the Regular Militia of Great Britain (when disembodied), in the manner and for the several Uses herein after mentioned; (that is to say, ) for the Pay of the said Regular MiT litia at the Rates following; that is to say,

For each Adjutant, Eight Shillings per Diem:

For each Paymaster, in Corps confiding of Three Companies, and upwards, Six Shillings per Diem s For each Paymader, in Corps confiding of Two Companies, Five Shillings per Diem:

For each Paymader, in Corps confiding of One Company, Four Shillings per Diem r For each Surgeon, Six Shillings per Diem:

For each Quartermaster, where One had been appointed'in a Corps while embodied at an E&ablishment of not less than Three hundred and sixty Private Men, Five Shillings per Diem; and at an Establishment of less than Three hundred and sixty Private Men, Three Shillings per Diem;

For each Serjeant Major, having been Serjeant Major of a Provisional Battalion of Militia, Two Shillings and Sixpence per Diem:

For each Serjeant Major, where One is appointed in Corps confiding of Two or move Companies, One Shilling and Ten pence per Diem:

For each Serjeant having been a Colour Serjeant in One of the Provisional Battalions of Militia, Two Shillings per Diem;

For each Serjeant, One Shilling and Sixpence per Diem:

For each Corporal, One Shilling and Two pence per Diem:

15 For

For each Drum Major, where One is appointed in Corps consisting of Three or more Companies, One Shilling and Sixpence per Diem:

For each Drummer, One Shilling per Diem:

Provided always, that when any Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer shall be absent on Furlough or Licence, such Rate of Pay Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer shall during such Absence receive Pay at the following Rates, instead of those wh€n absent on above mentioned 5 that is to say, Furlough.

Every Serjeant Major, having been Serjeant Major of a Provisional Battalion of the Militia, Two Shilling* per Diem:

For every Serjeant, having been a Colour Serjeant in any Provisional Battalion of the Militia, One Shilling and Sixpence per Diem:

For every Serjeant Major, where One is appointed in Corps consisting of Two or more Companies, One Shilling and Four pence per Diem:

For every other Serjeant* the Sum of One Shilling per Diem

For every Corporal, the Sum of Eight pence per Diem:

For every Drum Major, where One is appointed in Corps consisting of Three or more Companies, the Sum of One Shilling per Diem;

And for every Drummer, the Sum of Sixpence per Diem respectively, and no more:

And also for the Cloathing of the Regular Militia (when disembodied), in cases in which full Cloathing shall be provided by the Colonel or Commandant, at the Rate of Five Pounds Twelve Shillings and One Penny for each Serjeant Major; Three Pounds for each Serjeant} One Pound Seventeen Shillings and Four pence for each Corporal; Two Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Seven pence for each Drum Major 5 Two Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Seven pence for each Drummer; and One Pound Seventeen Shillings for each Private Man; and so in Proportion in the cases in which only Part of the Cloathing shall be provided by the Colonel or Commandant, together with the actual Expence of Package and Carriage, and such Charges for ahering and fitting the Cloathing as shall have been notified by the Secretary at War; and that such Serjeant Majors, Drum Majors, Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers, who may be retained on constant Pay, and resident at Head Quarters, dull be cloathed once in Two Years, and also at the Rate of Three pence per Month for each Private Man and Drummer, for defraying the contingent Expences of each Regiment, Battalion or Corps.

II. And be it further enacted, That every Adjutant, Paymaster, Surgeon, Quartermaster, Non Commissioned Officer and Drummer of Regular Militia when disembodied, shall be cortftantly resident within the City, Town, or Place where the Arms of the Corps to which such Officers belong are kept, or within reasonable Distance of the Depot, as shall be sanctioned by the Secretary at War: Provided always, that every such Adjutant, Paymaster, Surgeon, Quartermaster, Non Commissioned Officer or Drummer, shall forfeit his Pay for any Period during which he shall be absent, except when absent by Leave from the Colonel or Commandant of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps, which Leave shall not extend beyond Three Calendar Months in One Y$ar, except in case of certified Sickness, nor to a greater Proportion than One Third of the Non Commissioned Officers and I)rummert at the same time, or beyond such Period of Three Months, except in case of Sickness.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Quartermaster of each Regiment of MiHtia, in which a Quartermaster is appointed, and when no Quartermaster is appointed, then the Paymaster shall have the Charge and Care of the Arms, Accoutrements, Great Coats, Cloathing, ' Necessaries and other Stores, under the Superintendence of the Colonel or Commandant; and the Paymaster shall, out of the Allowance of Three pence per Month for each Private Man and Drummer directed by this A£ to be issued and paid for defraying the contingent Expences of such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, from time to time, issue and pay fijeh Sums of Money as may be necessary for Ine Repair of Arms and other usual contingent Expences, upon an Order in Writing signed by the Colonel or other Commandant 5 and after Payment of such Sums as aforesaid, be shall Three times in the Year make up Accounts of all such Money, and of the Expenditure thereof, {hewing the Balances remaining in his Hands, (which said Balance shall form a Stock Purse for the Use of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps, ) and shall transmit the same to the Colonel or other Commandant of such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, to be by him examined, allowed and signed; and the said Accounts so allowed and signed, shall be and are hereby directed to be the proper Vouchers and Acquittal of such Paymaster, for the Application and Disposal of such Money.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Subaltern Officers and Surgeons* Mates of the Militia who shall claim under the Authority of this Act to receive any Part of the said Allowances, shall, previous to receiving the fame, and in order to entitle themselves thereto, take and subscribe an Oath before some One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace in the United Kingdom, in the Words or to the Effect following; (videlicet, )

Cloathing.

Residencs t certain Officers to be where Arms of the Corps are kept, or within reafoH-able DUUnfe.

Quartermaster, Sec. to have Charge of Arms, Cloathing. Ac. Paymaster u> issue Money for contingent F.x- pences on an Order signed by the Colonel, &c.

Balance to form a Stock Purse. Accounts allowed, See. an Acquittal to Paymaster.

The following Oath to be taken to entitle to Allowances.

I A.B. do swear, That I belong to the of Militia when the fame was

disembodied, and that have continued to serve therein from that time until the Day of

4 ' inclusive, as a Lieutenant, Ensign or Surgeon's Mate (as the case may be),

and that I was not in my own Right or in Right of my Wife during the said Period in the actual Possession

and Enjoyment or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments of such an annual Value above Reprizes as would qualify me to hold a* Commission of Captain of a Company in the Militia; that I have not during the above Period held the Appointment of Adjutant, Surgeon, Paymaster or Quartermaster, in any Regiment, Battalion or Corp« of Militia; that I did not hold or enjoy, nor did any Person

If Regiment be not called out before time fixed for Payment, Allowance to be paid on takinc the Oath before a Just ice, without Certificate of Attendance. Paymasters to pay the Allowances on the 34th December next, and 24th June 1818, without Deduction.

Persons being on Half Pay, or entitled to Allowance as having served in the Army or Navy, empowered, if serving in the Militia, to receive the Pay and Allowances hereby directed to be paid, on taking the following Oath.

Adjutants after a Service of 20 Years, and unfit for further Service, to receive an Allowance of 8s. per Day, on Certificate and Order from Secretary at War.

Sie.

Also Half

P.y.

Quartermifter* in like manner, after a Service of 30 Years, entitled to an Allowance, and also to Half Pay.

C. 102. 57° GEORGII III. AJX 1817.

Person for me hold or enjoy, during the said Period, any Office or Income whatsoever from the Public, except my Half Pay a9 a of the Army, Navy, Marines or of a Provisional Battalion

formed from the Militia (as the case may he). So help me GOD.*

Which Oath so taken and subscribed shall be produced to the Paymaster of the Regiment'of Militia by the Subaltern Officer or Surgeon's Mate claiming the Allowance.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Militia, after the disembodying thereof, and before the time fixed for the Payment of the said Allowances, shall not be called out for the annual Exercise and Training thereof, every Subaltern Officer and Surgeon's Mate belonging to any such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, and coming within the Description of this Act, who shall have taken and subscribed the Oath hereinbefore mentioned before any such Justice of the Peace as aforesaid, shall be entitled to the said Allowance as if such Subaltern Officer or Surgeon's Mate had regularly attended the annual Exercise and Training of such Regiment, Battalion or Corps during the Whole of the time by Law appointed for that Purpose, and as if a certificate of such Attendance, signed by the Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps, had been fumished to the Paymaster of the Regiment.

XL. And be it further enacted, That upon such Oaths and Certificates as aforesaid, or where any Regiment of Militia shall not have been called out to their annual Exercise as aforesaid, upon the said Oaths being produced to the respective Paymasters, it shall be lawful for such Paymasters, and they are hereby authorized and required, to pay to the said Subaltern Officers and Surgeons' Mates, according to their respective Commissions of Lieutenant, Ensign or Surgeon's Mate, the Allowance above mentioned, for Six Months or other proper Period, on the Twenty fourth Day of December next, and the other proper Proportion of the fame on the Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, without any Deduction whatsoever 5 the Oaths and Certificates before mentioned to be by them preserved and produced among the Vouchers for the Payments from time to time made by them in pursuance of this Act, or of any Regulation made by the Secretary at War.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That any Person being on Naval or Military Half Pay, or being entitled to any Allowance, as having served in any of His Majesty's Forces, or Navy or Marines, and serving in the Militia, shall and may and he is hereby empowered to receive and take the Pay and Allowances by this Act directed to be paid to Field Officers, Captains, Lieutenants, Ensigns, Adjutants, Paymasters, Quartermasters, Surgeons and Surgeons' Mates when assembled for annual Training 5 and the receiving and taking any such Pay and Allowances by any such Field Officer, Captain, Lieutenant, Ensign, Adjutant, Quartermaster, Surgeon or Surgeon's Mate, shall not prevent such Person on Half Pay, or being entitled to any such Allowance, from receiving his Half Pay or such Allowance; and such Person shall take the following Oath before some Justice of the Peace, who is hereby empowered to administer the same.

I A.B. do swear, I had not between the and the any Place or Employment of Profit*

' Civil or Military, under His Majesty, besides my Allowance of Half Pay as a Reduced

in His Majesty* Navy [or in the Marines, or in late Regiment of ],

or Allowance as in late Troop of Horse Guards, or [ Regiment of Horse reduced],

save and except my Pay or Allowance as a Field Officer, Captain, Lieutenant, Ensign, Adjutant, Pay-master, Quartermaster, Surgeon or Surgeon's Mate, while assembled for Training and Exercise, [as the case

may &,] for serving in the Militia of the County of

And the taking the said Oath shall be sufficient to entitle such Person to receive his Half Pay or the said Allowance without taking any other Oath; any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, every Adjutant of Regular Militia who shall have served faithfully, either in His Majesty's Regular Forces or in the Regular or Local M litia, for the full'Term of Twenty Years in the Whole, whereof Ten shall have been in Service as an Adjutant of Regular Militia, who shall have been or shall be by Age or Infirmity rendered unfit for further Service, shall, on producing to the Secretary at War a Certificate of such Service of Twenty Years as aforesaid, from the Commanding Officers of the different Corp9 to which he shall have belonged, and upon obtaining an Order from the Secretary at War, founded upon such Certificate, be entitled to receive, and the Paymaster aforesaid shall be and is hereby authorized to pay to such Person an Allowance at the Rate of Eight Shillings per Diem: Provided always, that no Person shall be entitled to receive such Allowance as aforesaid, who shall hold any Office or Employment orf Profit, Civil or Military, under His Majesty: Provided also, that no such Adjutant shall lose any Right he may have to Half Pay by reason of receiving such Allowance as aforesaid, but shall be entitled to receive such Half Pay as well as such Allowance.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, any Quartermaster of Regular Militia who shall have served faithfully, either in His Majesty's Regular Forces or in the Regular or Local Militia, for the full Term of Thirty Years in the whole, whereof Fifteen shall have been as a Quartermaster of Regular Militia, and who shall have been or shall be by Age or Infirmity rendered unfit for further Service, shall, on producing to the Secretary at War a Certificate of such Service of Thirty Years as aforesaid from the Commanding Officers of the different Corps to which he shall have belonged, and obtaining from the Secretary at War an Order founded upon such Certificate, be entitled to receive, and the Paymaster of the Regiment shall be and is hereby authorized to pay to such person, an Allowance at the Rate of his Pay when serving in the disembodied Regular Militia: Provided always, that no Person shall be entitled to receive such Allowance as aforesaid who shall hold any Office or Employment of Profit, Civil or Military, under His Majesty: Provided also, that no such Quartermaster

14 shall

A.D. 1817.

57° GEORGII III. C. 102, 103. 201

shall, by reason of receiving such Allotvance as aforesaid, forfeit any Right which he may have to Half Pay, but'shall be entitled to receive such Half Pay as well as such Allowance.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Surgeon of Regular Militia, having faithfully served, either in His Majesty's Regular Forces or in the Militia, for the full Term of Twenty Years, shall by Age or Infirmity be rendered unfit for further Service, he shall, on producing to the Secretary at War a Certificate of such Service of Twenty Years in the whole (Ten'of which he shall have served as a Surgeon of Militia) from the Commanding Officers of the different Corps to which he shall have belonged, and obtaining an Order from the Secretary at War founded upon such Certificate, be entitled to receive, and the Paymaster of the Regiment shall be and ne is hereby authorized and required to pay to such Person an Allowance at the Rate of Six Shillings per Diem, commencing the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seventeen: Provided always, That no Perton shall be entitled to receive such Allowance as aforesaid who shall hold any Office or Employment of Profit, Civil or Military, under His Majesty; but no Person receiving such Allowance shall by reason thereof forfeit his Right to any Half Pay to which he may be entitled.

XX. And be it further enacted, That in case any Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Militia shall have already ceased and determined or been reduced in its Establishment, or shall cease and determine or be reduced in its Establishment during the Continuance of this A A, the Sum of Four Shillings per Diem shall be paid to such Person as has actually served as Adjutant to such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, from the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, or from the time such Regiment shall cease and determine, or be reduced in its Establishment, as the Case may be, to the Twenty fourth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eighteen: Provided always, that no Person shall be entitled to receive such Allowance as aforesaid, who shall hold any Office or Employment of Profit, Civil or Military, under His Majesty 5 but no such reduced Adjutant shall lose any Right he may have to Half Pay of the Navy, Army, Marines or a Provisional Battalion formed from the Militia by reason of receiving such Allowance as last aforesaid, but shall be entitled to receive such Half Pay as well as such Allowance.

XXI. And whereas certain Adjutants and Serjeant Majors are entitled to and have received certain Allowances in consequence of having been reduced under the Provisions of an Act passed in the Thirty*ninth and Forty first Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, which Allowance has been continued, and as to such Adjutants augmented to Four Shillings per Diem be it therefore enacted, That all such Adjutants and Serjeant Majors shall be entitled to receive and shall receive such Allowance from the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seventeen to the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, to be issued as heretofore by the Receivers General of Counties; and all Payments of such Allowance tq any such Adjutant by any Receiver General shall be deemed good and valid Payment, and be allowed in their Accounts as such.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That every reduced Adjutant entitled to any Allowance under the said Act of the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Year aforesaid, or any subsequent Acts continuing such Allowance, or this A A, may receive and take such Allowance together with any Full Pay, Half Pay or Allowance which was tenable together with such reduced Allowance under the Provisions of an Act passed in the Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for amending and reducing into one Act of Parliament the Laws relating to the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England (a): Provided always, that no such reduced Adjutant shall be entitled to receive any Allowance under this A A during the time he shall hold any Place or Employment of Profit, Civil or Military, under His Majesty, other than such as aforesaid.

(a) [26 G. 3. c. 107. Repealed, 42 G. 3. c. 90. §1.]

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That all Sums of Money granted for the Pay, Cloathing, Allowances and contingent Expences for the Regular Militia when disembodied as aforesaid, shall be issued and paid under the Direction of the Secretary at War, according to such Regulations as have been or shall be established on that Head.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue in force until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eighteen.

Surgeons in like manner, after a Service of 20 Years, and unfit for further Service, to receive 6s. per Day.

Also to Half Pay.

Reduced Adjutant to receive 4s. per Day till 24th March 1818.

Also to Half Pay.

Adjutants and Serjeant Majors entitled to Allowance under 39 & 40G.3. c*44*> 41 O.3. (U.K.) council 25th March x8i8.

Reduced Adjutants may take such Allowance with any Pay or other Allowance to which they may be entitled under 26 G. 3. c. 107.

Pay, Clothing, Sec. issued under DireAkms of Secretary at War.

Continuance of AA.

Cap. cm.

An Act for defraying, until the Twenty fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, the Charge of the ray and Cloathing of the Militia of Ireland; and for making Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers of the said Militia during Peace. [11th July 1817.]

JThis A3y except as to Dates and the ScHions that are retainedy is the fame or 56 G. 3. 1.121*3

WHEREAS it is necessary that Provision should be made for defraying the Charge of the Pay and

r Cloathing of the Militia in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, from the Twenty fifth

Day of June One thousand eight hundred and seventeen until the Twenty fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eighteen be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the

Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, ana Commons, in this present Parliament affem-

bled, and by the Authority of the same, That for every County, County of a City or Town in Ireland, where pay'm Advance

the Militia is or shall be raised, there shall be issued and paid out of the Produce of the Consolidated Fund for each County,

arising in Ireland the whole Sums required, in the manner and for the several Uses herein after mentioned; ^.he.rc

(that is to say, ) for the Pay of the said Militia, at the Rate of Eight Shillings per Day for each Adjutant,

and at the Rate of Six Shillings per Day for each Paymaster and Surgeon respectively, where an Adjutant, tw

Paymaster or Surgeon is appointed j and at the Rate of Five Shillings per Day for each Quarter Matter,

57 Geo. III. D d where

Contingent

Expences.

Cloathing.

Rates of Pay when on Furlough.

Charges of packing and conveying of Cloathing provided for.

Colonel to certify to Lord Lieutenant and Treasury the Days of Exercise, &c. and Vice Treasurer to pay the Sums herein specified.

Money granted for Pay, Sec. to be issued under the Direction of Lord Lieutenant.

Lord Lieutenant, on receiving a Certificate from the Colonel, certifying the Receipt of the Cloathing, See. Vhall issue Money for the Payment.

C. 103. 57° GEORGII IH. A.D. 1817.

where a Quarter Master is appointed; and at the Rate of One Shilling and Ten pence per Day for each Serjeant Major and Quarter Mailer Serjeant resident at the Head Quarters of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps where a Serjeant Major and Quarter Mailer Serjeant.are appointed; and at the Rate of One Shilling and Sixpence per Day for each Serjeant so resident as aforesaid; and at the Rate of One Shilling per Day for each Drummer so resident as aforesaid, with the Addition of Sixpence per Day for each Drum Major, where a Drum Major is appointedand at the Rate of One Shilling per Day for each Fifer fd resident as aforesaid; and at the Rate of One Shilling and Two pence per Day for each Corporal so resident as aforesaid: And also at the Rate of Three pence per Month for each Private Man and Drummer, for defraying the contingent Expences of each Regiment and Battalion of Militia: And also for the Gloathing of the Militia for such County, after the Rate of Four Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Ten pence for each Serjeant Major and Quarter Master Sexjeant, Three Pounds Nine Shillings and Eight pence for each Serjeant, Two Pounds One Shilling and Ten pence for each Corporal, Four Pounds Six Shillings and Seven pence for each Drum Major, and Three Pounds Five Shillings and Two pence for each Drummer, when such Serjeant Majors, Quarter Master Serjeants, Drum Majors, Serjeants, Drummers and Corporals, have not been cloathed within Two Years; and with respect to the Private Militia Men, at the Rate of Two Pounds One Shilling and Four pence for each Private Militia Man, when such Private Militia Men have not been cloathed within Four Years: Provided always, that where any Serjeant Major, Drum Major, Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer, shall be absent on Furlough or Licence, such Serjeant Major, Drum Major, Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer, shall, during such Absence, receive the Rates of ray following; (that is to say, ) every Serjeant Major the Sum of One Shilling and Four pence, every Drum Major the Sum of One Shilling, every Serjeant the Sum of One Shilling, every Corporal the Sum of Eight pence, and every Drummer the Sum of Sixpence per Day respectively, and no more; and it shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, to direct that any such Pay shall be from time to time issued for any Period not exceeding Four Months from the time when such Advances shall be made.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, to direct such further Sums to be issued and paid as shall be requisite for the Payment of the necessary Charges of the packing and conveying of any such Cloath-. ing, and for any Alteration thereof to fit the Non Commissioned Officers and Private Men of the said Militia respectively.

V. And be it further enacted, That whenever the Governor or Governors, or Deputy Governors, at General Meeting to be held for any County, County of a City or Town in Ireland\ shall have fixed the Days of Exercise for the MiHtia, the Colonel or Commanding Officer shall, as soon as may be, certify the same to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, or his or their Chief Secretary for the time being, and to the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, specifying the Number of Men, and the Number of Days such Men are to be absent from Home on account of such Exercise, not exceeding in the whole Twenty eight Days; and the Vice Treasurer for Ireland is hereby required within Fourteen Days after the Receipt of a Warrant thereon from the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, to cause to be issued and paid out of the growing Produce of the Consolidated Fund in Ireland, at the Rate of Ten Shillings per Day for the Captain of each Company, at the Rate of Five Shillings and Eight pence per Day for each Lieutenant, and of Four Shillings and Eight pence per Day for each Ensign, at the Rate of Seven Shillings and Six pence per Day for each Assistant Surgeon, and also at the Rate of* One Shilling per Day for each Private MiHtia Man, for any Number of Days not exceeding Twenty eight during which such Men shall be absent from Home on account of their Attendance at such Place of Annual Exercise.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all Sums of Money granted for the Pay, Cloathing and contingent Expences of the said Militia as aforesaid, and the Allowances to Adjutants and Serjeants of the said Militia, shall be issued and paid under the DiretSUon of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, who is and are hereby empowered to issue such Regulations as he or they may deem it expedient to adopt from time to time in that Behalf.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, as soon as he or they shall receive a Certificate under the Hand of the Colonel or Commanding Officer of the respective Regiments or Battalions Cf the Militia of Ireland, certifying the Receipt of the Cloathing, which Certificate shall specify the Number of Serjeant Majors, Quartermaster Serjeants, Serjeants, Corporals, Drummers and Private Men for whom the fame shall have been supplied, shall issue a Warrant to the Vice Treasurer for Ireland for Payment of the fame; and the said Vice Treasurer upon receiving an Order from the said Colonel or Commanding Officer for Money due on account thereof, payable to the Person or Persons who furnifited the said Cloathing, shall cause the Sum mentioned in such Warrant and Order to be paid to the Person entitled to receive the same, provided the said Cloathing shall not exceed the Allowance hereinbefore directed; and such Warrant and Order, together with the Receipt of the Person receiving the said Money, shall be a sufficient Voucher for such Payment.

A.D. 1817. 57° GEORGII III. €.104, 105.

CAP. CIV.

An Act to reduce the Number of Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers in the Militia of Ireland, whilst disembodied. [11th July 1817.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled Ah W AS for amending and reducing into One Act of Parliament the several Law for racing and training the Militia of Ireland 5 it is amongst other Things enacted, that the Ordinary Establishmentr of Non Commissioned Officers in each Company in the said Militia shall be Sixty five Privates, Four Serjeant*,

Five Corporals and Two Drummers: And Whereas it may not be found necessary to have so great a Proportion of permanent Serjeants, Corporals or Drummers in the said Militia whilst the fame is disembodied; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act no Vacancy which shall or may occur by the Death or Dismissal or Removal of any Serjeants, Corporals or Drummers, of any Regiment or Battalion of the said Militia, which shall not be embodied and called out into actual Service, shall be supplied or filled up until the Numbers of such Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers shall be reduced below the Number of One Serjeant and One Corporal for every Thirty Private Men, and One Drummer to every Company 5 and that from and after such Reduction by Death, DifmitTal or Removal as aforesaid, the Ordinary Establishment of the Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers in every Company of every Regiment or Battalion of Militia, while the same shall be disembodied and shall not be called out into actual Service, shall c6U-fist of One Serjeant and One Corporal, and no more, to every Thirty Private Meri, and One Drummer to every Company, with an Addition of One Drummer to each Flank Company; and if it shall happen that there shall then remain a Surplus of Fifteen Private Men and less than Thirty, every such Regiment shall and may in such Case have One additional Corporal for such Surplus Number of Men; and when any such Regiment of Militia shall be drawn out into actual Service, such Addition shall be made thereto that there shall be One Serjeant and One Corporal to every Twenty Private Men, and Two Drummers to every Company.

CAP. CV.

An Act to encourage the Establishment of Banks for Savings in Inland. [11th July 1817.]

WHEREAS certain Provident Institutions or Banks for Savings have been and may be established in

Ireland for the safe Custody and Increase of small Savings belonging to the industrious Classes of 1 His Majesty's Subjecta there; and it is expedient to give Protection to such Institutions and the Funds

thereby established, and to afford Encouragement to others to form the like Institutions May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted 5 and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if any Number of Persons who have formed or shall form any Society in any Part of Ireland, for the Purpose of establishing and maintaining any Institution in the Nature of a Bank, to receive Money for the Benefit of the Persons depositing the fame, and to accumulate the Produce of so much thereof as shall not be required by the Depositors, their Executors or Administrators, to be paid in the Nature of Compound Interest, and to return the whole or any Part of such Deposits, and the Produce thereof, to the Depositors, their Executors or Administrators, deducting only out of such Produce so much as shall be required to be so retained for the Purpose of paying and discharging the necessary Expences attending the Management of such Institutions, according to such Rules, Orders and Regulations as shall have been or shall be established for that Purpose, but deriving no Benefit whatsoever from any such Deposit or the Broduce thereof, shall be desirous of having the Benefit of the Provisions of this Act, such Persons shall cause the Rules, Orders and Regulations established or to be established for the Management of such Institution, to be entered, deposited and filed in manner herein after directed, and thereupon shall be deemed to be entitled to and shall have the Benefit of the Provisions contained in this Act.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no such Institution as aforesaid shall have the Benefit of this Act, unless the Rules, Orders and Regulations for the Management thereof shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept by an Officer of such Institution to be appointed^ for that Purpose, and which Book or Books shall be open at all seasonable times for the Inspection of the Persons making Deposits in the Funds of such Institution; and unless such Rules and Regulations shall be fairly transcribea on Parchment, and such Transcript shall be deposited with the Clerk of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division or Place wherein such Institution shall be established 5 which Transcript shall be filed by such Clerk of the Peace, with the Rolls of the Sessions of the Peace in his Custody, without any Fee or Reward to be paid in respect thereof; but nevertheless nothing herein contained shall extend to prevent any Alteration in or Amendment of any such Rules, Orders or Regulations so entered and deposited and filed as aforesaid, or repealing or annulling the fame or any of them in the whole or in part, or making any new Rules, Orders or Regulations for the Management of any such Institution, in such manner as by the Rules, Orders and Regulations of such Institution shall from time to time be provided; but such new Rules, Orders and Regulations, or such Alterations in or .Amendments of former Rules, Orders and Regulations, or any Order annulling or repealing any former Rules, Orders or Regulations, in the whole or in part, shall not be in force until the fame respectively shall be


20$

49 G. 3. c.ixo.

16.

Regulation state Ordinary Efta-bUfhtnent of Serjeants, See. of the Militia.

Persons forming Societies according to the Provisions herein preferred, entitled to the Benefit of this

aa.

Rules, kc. of the Institution to be entered in a Book, and a Copy deposited with the Clerk of the Peace,

and filed.

No Fee.

Proviso for Alterations, kc. in Rules, kc.

New Rules, See. to be entered, See. as before mentioned.

204

Officers of the Indication not to have any Benefit therein.

Exception.

Rules to be

binding.

Entry of Rules, &c. or Copy thereof, Sc c. to be Evidence of (inch Rules.

Mo Certiorari. Fee.

No Stamp Duty. Shares of Minors may be paid to them.

Friendly Societies may subscribe any Portion of their Funds into the Funds of Provi dent Inilitutions. Proviso as to Receipt of Treasurer being a Discharge.

Treaftirera, 8cc % to give Security, if required by the General Rules.

Effects of Institution to be veiled in Trustees for the time being, without fresh Alignment; except as to Transfers of Stock in the

Public Funds,c.

C. 165. 57° GEORGII III. A.D. 1817.

entered in such Book or Books as aforesaid, and a Transcript or Transcripts thereof shall be deposited with such Clerk of the Peace as aforesaid, who shall file the fame without Fee or Reward as aforesaid.

III. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no such Institution as aforesaid shall have the Benefit of this A A unless it shall be expressly provided by the Rules, Orders and Regulations for the Management thereof, that no Person or Persons being Treasurer or Trustee or Manager of such Institution, or having any Controul in the Management thereof, shall derive any Benefit from any Deposit made in such Institution, but that the Persons depouting Money therein shall have the foie Benefit of such Deposits and the Produce thereof; save only and except such Salaries and Allowances, or other necessary Expences as shall, according to such Rules, Orders and Regulations, be provided for the Charges of managing such Institution, and for Remuneration to Officers employed in the Management thereof, exclusive of the Treasurer or Treasurers, Trustee or Trustees, or other rerson having Direction in the Management of such Institution, who shall not, direct, or indirectly, have any Salary, Allowance, Profit or Benefit whatsoever therefrom, beyond their extra Expences, for the Purposes of such Institution.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all Rules, Orders and Regulations from time to time made and in force for the Management of any such Institution as aforesaid, and duly entered in such Book or Books as aforesaid, and deposited with such Clerk of the Peace as aforesaid, shall be binding on the Several Members and Officers of such Institution, and the several Depositors therein and their Representatives, all of whom shall he deemed and taken to have full Notice thereof by such Entry and Deposit as aforesaid; and the Entry of such Rules, Orders and Regulations in such Book or Books as aforesaid, or the Transcript thereof, deposited with such Clerk of the Peace as aforesaid, or a true Copy of such Transcript, examined with the Original, and proved to be a true Copy, shall be received as Evidence of such Rules, Orders and Regulations respectively in all cases; and no Certiorari shall be brought or allowed to remove any such Rules, Orders or Regulations into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record; and every Copy of any such Transcript deposited with any Clerk of the Peace as aforesaid shall be made without Fee or Reward, except the actual Expence of making such Copy; and such Copy shall not be subject to any Stamp Duty.

V. And be it further enacted, That in case the Managers of any such Institution shall receive any Deposit of Money from or for the Benefit of any Person under the Age of Twenty one Years, it shall be lawful for the Managers of such Institution to pay to such Person his or her Share and Interest in the Funds of such Institution, and the Receipt of such Person shall be a sufficient Discharge, notwithstanding his or her Incapacity or Disability in Law to aA for him or herself.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Friendly Society established under and by virtue of any Act or Acts in force in Ireland, relating to Friendly Societies, from time to time to subscribe the whole or any Part of the Funds of such Friendly Society, as they shall from time to time direct, through their Treasurer, Steward or other Officer, into the Funds.or any Institution which shall take the Benefit of this Act, and which shall be willing to receive the same, under such Terms and Conditions as shall he Specially provided for that Purpose by the Rules, Orders and Regulations of such Institution: Provided always that the Receipt or Discharge of the Treasurer, or other Officer of such Friendly Society for the time being, for any Money, Stock in the Public Funds or other Security, paid, transferred or delivered according to the Requi-fition of such Treasurer, or other Officer apparently authorized to require such Payment, Transfer or Delivery, shall be sufficient Discharge for the fame; and the Institution in which such Deposit shall be made shall not be responsible for any Misapplication of any such Money, Stock or Security, by the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be so paid, transferred or delivered, or for Want of Authority of the Person or Persons requiring or receiving such Payment, Transfer or Delivery.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any Treasurer or Treasurers, or other Officer or Officers, or other Person whatsoever, who shall be intruded with the Receipt or Custody of any Sum or Sums of Money subscribed or deposited for the Purposes of such Institution, or any Interest or Dividend from time to time accruing thereby, shall be required by thf Rules or Regulations of such Institution to become bound with Sureties, for the just and faithful Execution of such Office or Trust, in such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be required by the Rules, Orders and Regulations of such Institution, such Security shall and may be given by Bond or Bonds to the Clerk of the Peace for the County, County of a City, or County of a Town or Place where such Institution shall be established for the time being, without Fee or Reward; and in case of Forfeiture it shall be lawful for the Persons authorized for. that Purpose by the Rules, Regulations and Orders of such Institution, to sue upon such Bond or Bonds in the Name of such Clerk of the Peace for the time being, and to carry on such Suit at the Costs and Charges and for the Use of the said Institution, fully indemnifying and saving harmless such Clerk of the Peace from all Costs and Charges in respect of such Suit; and no Bond or other Security to be so given shall be subject to or charged or chargeable with any Stamp Duty whatever.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all Monies, Goods, Chattels and Effects whatever, and all Securities for Money, or other obligatory Instruments and Evidences or Muniments, and all other Effects whatever, and all Rights or Claims belonging to or held by such Institution shall be vested in the Trustee or Trustees of such Institution for the time being, for the Use and Benefit of such Institution and the respective Depositors therein, their respective Claims and Interests; and, after the Death or Removal of any Trustee or Trustees, shall vest in the succeeding Trustee or Trustees, for the fame Estate and Interest as the former Trustee or Trustees had therein, and subject to the fame Trusts, withoutny Assignment or Conveyance whatever, except the Transfer of Stock and Securities in the Public Funds of Ireland, and also shall for all Purposes of Action or Suit, as well Criminal as Civil, in Law or in Equity, in any wise touching or concerning the same, be deemed and taken to be, and shall in every such Proceeding (where necessary) be stated to be the Property of the Person or Persons appointee) to the

13 Office

A.D. 1817.

57° GEORGII III. C. 105. 205

Office of Trustee or Trustees of such Institution for the time being, in his, her or their proper Name or Names, without further Description; and such Person or Persons shall and they are hereby respectively authorized to bring or defend, or oause to be brought or defended, any Action, Suit or Prosecution, Criminal as well as Civil, in Law or Equity, touching or concerning the Property, Right or Claim aforesaid, of or belonging to or had by such Institution; and such Person or Persons so appointed shall and may, in all cases concerning the Property, Right or Claim aforesaid of such Institution, sue and be sued, plead, and be impleaded, in ms, her or their proper Name or Names, as Trustee or Trustees of such Institution, without other Description; and no such Suit, Action or Prosecution shall be discontinued or abate by the Death of such Person or Persons, or his, her or their Removal from the Office of Trustee or Trustees as aforesaid, but the same shall and may be proceeded in by the succeeding Trustee or Trustees in the proper Name or Names of the Person or Persons commencing the fame, any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding; and such succeeding Trustee or Trustees shall pay or receive like Colts as if the Action or Suit had been commenced in his, her or their Name or Names, for the Benefit of or to be reimbursed from the Funds of such Institution.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful to and for the Trustee or Trustees, Manager or Managers for the time being of any such Institution as aforesaid taking the Benefit of this Act, at any time to place or deposit any Sum of Money which shall have been paid to such Institution by any Depositor, or any Interest or Profit arising therefrom, in the Hands of any Banker or Bankers, except as herein after provided, or upon any Personal Security, except such Sums of Money as from time to time shall necessarily remain in the Hands of the Treasurer or Treasurers of such Institution to answer the Exigences thereof.

X. And be it encted. That the Trustees of any Institution which shall take the Benefit of this Act, in manner hereinbefore provided, shall be and they are hereby empowered to pay into the Bank of Ireland any Sum or Sums of Money, not being less than One hundred Pounds, to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, upon the Declaration of the said Trustees of such Institution, or any Two or more of them, that such Monies belong exclusively to the Institution for which such Payment is intended to be made; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of Ireland are hereby required to receive all such Monies, and to place the fame into a new and separate Account to be raised in the Names of the said Commissioners for the time being in the Books of the Bank of Ireland, to be denominated*The Fund for the Banks for Savings/

XI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That previous to any Payment being made into the Bank of Ireland as aforesaid, the Person or Persons applying for that Purpose shall in all cases produce to the Officer of the said Commissioners, at their Office in Dublin, an Order according to the Form in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (A.) under the Hands of Three of the Trustees of such Institution, on the Account of which such Payment is to be made; and on the Production of such Order to the said Officer, he shall giant his Certificate in the Form expressed in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (B.); and upon the Delivery of the Certificate granted to the Party by the said Officer, and Payment of the Sum expressed therein at the Bank of Ireland to the Account of the said Commissioners, the said Officer shall and he is hereby required to make out, within Five Days after such Payment, and to deliver to such Person or Persons producing the said Certificate, a Debenture containing a Receipt, ligned by One of the Cashiers of the Governor ana Company of the Bank of Ireland, for the Amount of such Payment, carrying Interest after the Rate of Three pence per Centum per Diem, payable with the Principal, at the Bank of Ireland, on the Fifth Day of April then next following, to be dated on the Day on which such Payment or Payments shall be made 5 which said Debenture shall be in the Form specified in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (C.); and the Principal and Interest of all such Debentures shall be charged and chargeable upon, and they are hereby charged and made payable out of the Monies or Funds Handing in the Names of the said Commissioners in the Books of the Bank of Ireland.

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Trustees of any such Institution, or any Two or more of them, to demand Payment at any time, other than on the Fifth Day of April in every Year, of the said Cashier or Cashiers, of the Principal Sum specified in any Debenture or Debentures issued in pursuance of the Provisions of this Act, together with all the Interest due thereon, computing such Interest from the Day of the Date of the Debenture inclusive, up to and including the Five Days following the Date of the Order of the said Trustees demanding such Payment.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That previous to the Payment of the Principal of any such Debenture or Debentures, together with the Interest due thereon as aforesaid, the Person or Persons applying to receive the same shall in all cases produce to the Officer of the said Commissioners at their said Office an Order indorsed on the Back thereof under the Hands of Three Trustees of the Institution for which such Payment shall be demanded, according to the Form in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (D.); and the said Officer shall and he is hereby required, within Five Days after the Receipt of such Order, to grant his Certificate to the Person or Persons applying in the Form specified in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (E.); and upon the Production and Delivery at the Bank of Ireland of such Certificate, the said Cashier or Cashiers shall thereupon pay such Principal and Interest out of any Monies Handing in the Names of the said Commissioners in the Books of the Bank of Ireland, or from the Sale of Stock purchased with the Monies originally in veiled in any Debenture or Debentures as aforesaid, as the said Commissioners shall direct 2 Provided nevertheless, that if at any time the said Trustees shall require a new Debenture or Debentures in lieu of the Debenture or Debentures to be paid off land the fame being so expressed in the said Order of the said Trustees), it shall be lawful for the Officer of the said Commissioners to make out and deliver to the Person or Persons applying to receive the same, a Debenture or Debentures of the dike Amount, in lieu of paying the Amount of such original Debenture in Money.

Trustees may bring and defend Actions, &c.

No Abatement by Death or Removal of Trustee.

Costs.

Trustee* not to deposit Money of loftitution with Bankers, fee.

Exception.

In what case Bank of Ireland to open an Account called The Fund for the Bank* for Savings.*

Previous to such Payments into the Bank, an Order to be produced, and a Certificate granted; afterwards the Commissioners to issue Debentures in favour of such Saving Banks, bearing Interest at 3d. per Cent, per Diem.

Form of Deben-

Trustees may demand Payment of Principal and Interest secured by Debenture.

Mode of Application for Payment of Debentures with Interest.

New Debentures may beranted.

206

Mollies paid in on Saving Bank Account tQ be in veiled in Stock, and carried to a new Recount. Debenture! not transferable.

Debenture* not liable to Stamp Duty, and if loft. Duplicate Debenture may be granted.

JFalfe Declaration to obtain Debentures,

[Penalty.]

Recovery and Application of Penalties.

Reward to Informer*.

Account of all Monies received by Commissioners for National Debt from Trustees of In-ftitutions to be laid before Parliament.

Providing against an improper Investraent of Monies.

On Change of Trustees, Stock to be transferred by former Trustees to the Names of the new Trustees and continuing Trustees, & c.

Trustees may execute a Letter of Attorney for that Purpose,

C. 105. 57° GEORGII III. A.D. 1817.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall cause all the Monies paid into the Bank of Ireland, and placed to their Account in pursuance of the Provisions of this Act, to be in veiled from time to time in the Purchase of Three Pounds and Ten Shillings ter Centum Bank Annuities in their Names, and to be carried to a new and separate Account, under the Title of*Saving Bank Accountand the Interest which shall arise from time to time and become due thereon, shall in like manner be in vested in the Purchase of like Bank Annuities as aforesaid.

XV. And be it further enacted, That no Debenture or Debentures issued under the Provisions of this Act shall be transferable or assignable, but every such Debenture or Debentures shall remain and continue to be the aftu^l Property of the Trustees of the Saving Bank or Banks, on the Account of which every such Debenture or Debentures was or were originally issued, until the same shall be actually paid off.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That no Debenture or Debentures, nor any Order or Orders required from the Trustees of any Saving Bank, issued or produced in pursuance of this Act, shall be subject or liable

1 to any Stamp Duty whatever; and that if any Debenture or Debentures issued under the Provisions of this Act shall be loft or dellroyed, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, upon satisfactory Evidence being produced by the Party, and good and sufficient Security given to the said Commissioners, to direct the said Officer to grant a Duplicate Debenture to the Party applying, under the fame Regulations as by this Act are required for the I flue of an original Debenture.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Order and Declaration produced to the said Officer, for the Purpose of paying Monies into the said Bank to the Account of the said Commissioners as aforesaid, shall contain any Matter or thing which shall be false or untrue, then and in every such case the Sum so paid, and also the further Sum of Five hundred Pounds, shall be forfeited to the said Commissioners; which Penalties respectively shall be sued for, recovered and applied in the manner directed by this Act.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That all pecuniary Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this Act shall be recoverable in the Name of His Majesty's Attorney General in Ireland, on the Part of His Majesty by Information in the Court of Exchequer in Dublin; and such Penalty and Forfeiture shall go and belong to the said Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, and shall be applied to the fame Purposes and under the fame Regulations as any other Monies paid into the Bank of Ireland, to the Account or the said Commissioners, under the Provisions of this Act: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to cause such Reward as they shall think fit, not exceeding One Moiety of any such Penalty or Forfeiture so recovered, after deducting all Charges and Expences incurred in recovering the fame, to be paid thereout to any Person or Persons who shall appear to them to be entitled thereto as Informer or Informers, in respect of such Penalty or Forfeiture so recovered; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the following Account shall be prepared by the said Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, and shall be annually laid before both Houses of Parliament on or before the Twenty fifth Day of March in every Year, if Parliament shall be fitting, and if Parliament shall not be fitting, then within Fourteen Days after the Commencement of the then next Session of Parliament; videlicet, an Annual Account, made up to the Fifth Day of January in every Year of all Sums of Money which shall have been received by the said Commissioners from the Trustees of any Institution or Institutions aforesaid, in pursuance of this Act, shewing the Amount of all Three Pounds and Ten Shillings per Centum Bank Annuities which shall have been purchased by the Application of such Sums, and the Amount of Interest or Dividends receivable thereon by the said Commissioners; and distinguishing in such Account the Amount of Interest payable by the said Commissioners on all Debentures issued to the said Trustees as aforesaid within the same Period, and terminating on the Fifth Day of January in every Year.

XX. And whereas it is expedient to provide against an improper Inyeflment of Monies under the Provisions of this Act; Be it therefore further enacted, That the Privilege aforesaid of paying Money into the Bank of Ireland, and of receiving Debentures for the fame, shall be restricted to such Institutions only which shall by One or more of their Rules provide that the Sums paid by one Person in any one Year shall not exceed the Sum of Fifty Pounds in the whole from each Depositor 5 and it shall be lawful for the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, previous to the Payment of any Sum or Sum9 into the Bank of Ireland in pursuance of this Act, to require the Production of such Rule or Rules so limiting the Sums to be deposited to the Amount above mentioned, certified under the Hands of Three of the Trustees or Managers of each such Institution respectively, or any other Proof they may think it necessary to require.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That upon every Change of a Trustee or Trustees, the preceding Trustee or Trustees, his or their Executors or Admmillrators, shall and do forthwith transfer all Stock and Annuities in the Public Funds belonging to such Institution, from the Name or Names of such preceding Trustee or Trustees, to the Name or Names of the new Trustee or Trustees who shall be appointed as hereinbefore mentioned, or of such new Trustee or Trustees, and any continuing Trustee or Trustees, if any of the former Trustees shall be continued, as the case shall require, so as to veil the fame in such new Trustee or Trustees, and the continuing Trustee or Trustees, as the case shall happen; and in case any Sale or Sales, Transfer or Transfers, of any Part of such Stocks or Annuities shall from time to time be directed, accord ingto the Rules, Orders and Regulations of such Institution, every such Transfer dr Sale shall be made by the Trustee or Trustees in whose Name or Names the! fame shall then Hand, or by some Person or Persons duly authorized by such Trustee or Trustees, by Letter of Attorney executed as is required by Law in such cases; and where any such Transfer or Sale as aforesaid shall be made under or by virtue of any Letter of Attorney, such fetter of Attorney shall not be subject to or charged or chargeable with any Stamp Duty whatsoever.

12 XXII. And

A.D. 1817.

57° GEORGII III. C. 105. Z07

XXII. And be it further enacted, That in case it shall at any time appear expedient to any Society or Insti- Bankers in Ire-tution which may be established in Ireland under this Act, or to the Committee or Managers of such Society or to pay In-Institution, to appoint any Banker or Bankers to be Treasurer or Treasurers, Trustee or Trustees of suchereftat6Lper Society or Institution, or to place in the Hands of any Banker or Bankers, from time to time, any Portion num for Money of the Funds of such Society or Institution, not exceeding in the whole at any one time the Amount of depofiudiatbtir Twenty per Centum, or One Fifth Part of the whole of the Funds of such Society or Institution, it shall and Hands by So-may be lawful for such Society or Institution so to do, and for such Banker or Bankers to pay and allow to cimies under such Society or Institution Interest after the Rate of Six Pounds per Centum per Annum upon all Money d* frome time to time so placed or remaining in the Hands of such Banker or Bankers; and it shall be lawful for such Banker or Bankers to give and pass one or more accountable Receipt or Receipts for all such Money so deposited or remaining in his or their Hands, any Act of Parliament in force in Ireland, or any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons who shall have or receive any Periods totwfl. Part of the Monies, Effects or Funds of or belonging to such Institution, or shall in any manner have been

or shall be intruded with the Disposition, Management or Custody thereof, or of any Securities relating to °ount<wivtr the fame, his, her or their Executors, Administrators and Assigns respectively, shall, upon Demand made in up EiWtawhe* pursuance of any Order of the Committee of such Institution, or of any other delegated Authority as afore- required, faicf, or at any General Meeting of the Managers thereof, give in his or their Account or Accounts to such Committee or other Authority as aforesaid, or to such General Meeting of the Managers of such Institution, or to such other Person or Persons who shall be nominated to receive the same, to be examined and allowed or aifallowed by the said Committee or Managers respectively, and shall on the like Demandpay over all the Monies remaining in his or their Hands, and assign and transfer or deliver all Securities, Effects or Funds, taken or Handing in his or their Name or Names as aforesaid, or being in his or their Hands or Custody, to such Person or Persons as the said Committee or Managers of such Institution shall appoint; and in case of Neglecting or any Neglect or Refusal to deliver such Account, or to pay over such Monies or to dffign, transfer or deliver refusing, such Securities, Effects or Funds in manner aforesaid, it shall be lawful to and for the Trustee or Trustees of such Institution for the time being to exhibit a Petition to the Justices of the Peace, at their General or Quar- General or ter Session8 of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division or Place wherein fifch Institution shall be established, Quarter Sessions who shall and may proceed thereupon in a luminary way, and make such Order therein, upon hearing all Way.

Parties concerned, as to such Court in their Discretion shall seem just, which Order shall be final and con- y

elusive; and all Assignments, Sales and Transfers made in pursuance of such Order shall be good and effectual in Law to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That no Person who is or shall be a Member of any Friendly Society, Members of

established or to be established in Ireland under and by virtue of any Act or Acts relating to Friendly So- Friendly Socie-cieties, shall by reason of such Person being of becoming a Depositor in any Institution taking the Benefit of tlcs n.ot liaWe to this Act, be considered as subject or liable to any Penalty, Forfeiture or Disability, declared or expressed, JvSfsScietieiby or intended so to be, by or in the Rules, Orders or Regulations of such Friendly Society; any Rules, Or- fubioibing to J ders or Regulations of such Friendly Society, made or hereafter to be made, to the contrary notwith- any Institution Handing. under this Act.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Depositor in the Funds of any Institution taking the Share of Deccaf-Benefit of this Act shall die, leaving any Sum or Sums of Money in the said Funds, or any Dividends or In- erf, exceeding terest due thereon, belonging to him or her at the time of his or her Death, exceeding in the whole the Sum of Twenty Pounds, the same shall not be paid to any Person or Persons as Representative or Representatives a

of such Depositor, but upon Probate of the Will of such Depositor, or Letters of Administration of his or her Estate and Effe&a: Provided always, that where the whole Estate or Effects of any such'deceased De- When Property pofitor, for or in respect of which any Probate or Letters of Administration respectively shall be granted, is under the shall be under the Value of Fifty Pounds British Currency, no Stamp Duty shall be chargeable thereon, nor Value of 5o!. no ttpOn any Legacy or Residue or Part thereof bequeathed, Dor upon any Share or Part of the Estate or Ef- i^cJes

fe&8 to be paid or distributed by or under such Probate or Letters of Administration: Provided also, that Gt Administra-in every such case the Person or Persons claiming such Probate or Letters of Administration free of Stamp tion.

Duty, under this Act, shall exhibit to the Court or Person having Authorift? to grant the Probate or Let-\ Personsfoclaim-ters of Administration in such case, a Certificate of the Amount and Value of the Share and Interest which"g to exhibit the deceased Depositor had in the Funds of the said Institution; which Certificate shall be granted in such ^oun^of0 Form and manner as shall have been settled by the Rules, Orders, Regulations, or Bye Laws of the In- share, ftitutions respectively, and shall be signed or testified by such Person or Persons as shall be directed therein; and every such Certificate shall be taken and received by the Court or Person having Authority to grant such Such Certificate Probate or Letters of Administration, as Evidence of the Amount or Value of the Shares and Interests of received as Evi-the deceased Depositor in the Funds of the said Institution. Amount

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Depositor in the Funds of any such Institution where the shall die, leaving a Sum of Money in the said Fund, which, with the Interest thereon, shall not exceed in the Effects of a Per-whole Twenty rounds, it shall be lawful for the Trusteesv or Managers of such Institution, and they are son dying in-hereby authorized and required, if no Will shall be proved, or no Letters of Administration shall be taken testarc shall not out within Six Calendar Months after the Death of the said Depositor, to pay the same according to the Administration Rules and Regulations of the said Institution in such case made and provided; and in the Event of there not nCccssary. being no Rules and Regulations made in that behalf, then the said Trustees or Managers are hereby authorized and required to pay and divide the same to and amongst the Person or Persons entitled to the Effects of the deceased Intestate, according to the Statute of Distributions.

Payments under Probates of Wills, Ire. afterwards repealed, ralid.

Remedy for Representative against Person receiving. Powers of Attorney by Trustee or DepoOtors.

Receipts and Entries

free from Stamp Duty.

Where Rules dire# an Arbitration, the Award to be final.

[Public Act.]

1 XXVII. And Whereas such Institutions may be subject to considerable Losses on Payment of Money or Transfer of Securities to Persons who may have obtained Letters of Administration 01 the Effects of a

Depositor, or Probate of a Will, or Testamentary Disposition or supposed Will, or Testamentary Dispo-

fition of such Deposits, which Letters of Administration or Probate may afterwards be.repealed or 1 deemed null and void 5* Be it further enacted, That Payment or Transfer of any Money or Security for Money by any such Institution as aforesaid, to any Person or Persons having any such Letters of Administration or Probate of any such Will or Testamentary Disposition, granted by any Ecclesiastical Court, and appearing to be in force, shall be valid and effectual with respect to any Demand of any other Person or Persons, as the lawful Representative or Representatives of such Depositor, against the Funds of such Institution, or against the Treasurer, Trustees or Managers thereof $ but nevertheless such lawful Representative or Representatives shall have Remedy for such Money or Securities for Money, so paid or transferred as aforesaid, against the Person or Persons who shall have received the same.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Power, Warrant or Letter of Attorney, granted or to be granted by any Person or Persons as Trustee or Trustees of any Institution established under this Act, for the Transfer of any Share or Shares in the Public Stocks or Funds, Handing in the Name or Names of such Person or Persons as such Trustee or Trustees, or of Exchequer Bills; nor any Power, Warrant or Letter of Attorney, given by any Depositor or Depositors in the Funds of such Institution to any other Person or Persons, authorizing him, her or them to make any Deposit or Deposits of any Sum or Sums of Money in the said Funds on the behalf of the said Depositor or Depositors, or to sign any Document or Instrument required by the Rules, Orders, Regulations or Bye Laws of such Institution, to be ligned on making such Deposits, or to receive back any Sum or Sums of Money deposited in the said Funds or the Dividends or Interest arising therefrom; nor any Receipts given for any Dividend or Dividends in any Public Stock or Fund, nor any Receipt, nor any Entry in any Book of Receipt, for Money deposited in the Funds of any such Institution, nor for any Money received by any Depositor, his or her Executors or Administrator s, Assigns or Attornies, from the Funds of such Institution, shall be fqbjeft or liable to or charged with any Stamp Duty or Duties whatsoever.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That where Provision shall be made by one or more of the General Rules, Orders or Regulations of any such Institution, and filed as hereinbefore required, for a Reference to Arbitration of any Matter in Dispute between any such Institution, or any Person or Persons acting under them, and any individual Depositor therein, or any Executor, Administrator, next of Kin or Creditor of any deceased Depositor, or any Person claiming to be such Executor, Administrator, next of Kin or Creditor, then and in every such case the matter so in Dispute shall be referred to such Arbitrator or Arbitrators as shall have been named, according to the General Rules, Orders or Regulations of such Institution; and whatever Award, Order or Determination shall be made, according to the true Purport and meaning of the Rules, Orders and Regulations of such Institution, shall be binding and conclusive on all Parties, and shall be final to all Intents and Purposes, without any Appeal.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed a Public Act and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and other Persons whomsoever, without the fame being specially 0iewn or pleaded.

SCHEDULES.

(A.)

FORM of the ORDER for the Trustees to make Payments into the Bank of Ireland, to be produced to the Officer of the Commissioners there for the Reduction of the National Debt.

*1/UE, being Three of the Trustees of the Saving Bank established at [ insert the Town and County'Jt do, in pursuance of an Act of the Fifty seventh George the Third, Cap. intituled {here insert the Title of this AdT\ hereby authorize and direct A.B. to pay into the Bank of Ireland, to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction the National Debt, Pounds, and to receive for the

lame, on account of us the laro Trustees, m Saving Bank Debenture of the like Amount, carrying Interest at the Rate of Three Pence per Centum per Diem: And we hereby declare, that the Sum above Rated is the exclusive Property of the Saving Bank specified in this our Order, arising wholly from individual Contributors, not exceeding the Amount specified in the said Act for the Contribution of each Contributor. Witnef* our Hands, this Day of

A, B

G

Trustees.

(B.)

CERTIFICATE of the Officer of the Commissioners, to enable Payments to be made into the Bank of

Ireland.

T Do hereby certify. That it appears by an Order dated produced to me conformably

A to the Provisions of an Act of the Fifty seventh George the Third, Cap. intituled {here insert the Title of this A8f\ that Three of the Trustees of the Saving Bank established at [insert the Tovjn and County] have authorized and directed A.B. to pay into the Bank of Ireland, to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, the Sum of Pounds, arising from Contributions not

exceeding

A.D. 1817. 57° GEORGII III. C. 105. 209

exceeding the Amount in the said Act mentioned, and to receive a Saving Bank Debenture of the like Amount, carrying Interest at the Rate of Three pence per Centum per Diem.

Witness my Hand/ A. - - - Superintsndant.

INDORSEMENT on the Back of the Trustees* Order, upon the Receipt of the Debenture.

Received the Debenture within described, in virtue of the aforegoing Order.

Witness my Hand, A* -acting for the Trustees.

(C.)

FORM of the DEBENTURE to be issued by the Officer of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the

National Debt.

No.----- - £ -

Received of the Saving Bank established at

in the County of Pounds, which Sum is placed to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt.

For the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland. A.B. - - - Cashier.

WHEREAS by virtue of an Act of the Fifty seventh George the Third, Cap. intituled [here insert the Title of this Act^t the Sum of Pounds hath been paid into the Bank of Ireland,

to 1 the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, on account of the Saving Bank, ' established at in the County of \

Now this Debenture is chargeable on the Monies or Funds {landing in the Names of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt at the Bank of Ireland, and entitles the said Saving Bank to the Principal Sum of Pounds, carrying an Interest after the Rate of Three pence per Centum per Diem from the Day of the Date hereof, payable at the Bank of Ireland, at the Fifth Day of April next, to the Trustees or to their Use, by the Order of Three of such Trustees indorsed hereon; or the Principal Sum contained in this Debenture, and Interest thereon at the Rate above stated, is payable at the Bank of Ireland at any time upon the Production of such Order at the Office of the said Commissioners, the fame being indorsed under the Hands of Three of the Trustees of the said Saving Bank, directing Payment thereof to be demanded by the Person producing the fame; and the Interest shall m all cases be computed to and include the Five Days fob lowing the Day of the Date of such Order.

Dated.this Day of A. - r p Superintendant?

This Debenture is not transferable nor assignabk;

(D.)

INDORSEMENT of the Order of the Trustees on the Debenture to receive Payment.

j^E, Three of the Trustees of the Saving Bank within described, do hereby authorize and dtreft A.B. to Y demand [and receive both the Principal and Interest of this Debenture in Money], or [and receive the Interest due thereon in Money, and also a new Debenture of the like Amount in lieu of this Debenture, bearing the like Interest], as the case may be. Witness our Hands, this Day of

A m -

B.

C.

Dated the Day of

(E.)

CERTIFICATE.of the Officer of the Commissioners to enable the Payment of the Principal and Interest of the Debenture.

T Do hereby Certify, That the Debenture No. for the Principal S«pi of Pounds,

1 hath been delivered at the Office in Dublin of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, conformably to an Order indorsed thereon under the Hands of Three of the Trustees of the Saving Bank established at {insert the Town and County pursuant to the Provisions of an Act of the Fifty seventh George the Third, Cap. intituled {insert the Title of this Act, and that the Interest due thereon, computed to and including the Five Days folio wing the Day of the Date of the said Order, amounts to Pounds Shillings and Pence.

And I do further certify, That the said Trustees have authorized and directed A.B. [to receive both the Principal and Interest of the said Debenture in Money] or [to receive a new Debenture of the like Amount in lieu of the said Debenture, and also the Interest due thereon in Money]. Witness my Hand this Day of

A. - - - Superintendent

The RECEIPT for the above Principal and Interest must be acknowledged on this Certificate as follows:

Received in virtue of the Order specified in this Certificate [the Principal Sum of Pounds in Money, being the Amount of the Debenture within described] or [a new Debenture for the Sum 57 Geo. III. E c of

I Trustees of the said Saving Bank.

sio C. 105, 106. 57° GEORGII III. A.D. 1817.

of Pounds, being of the like Amount, and in lieu of the Debenture within described],

and also the Interest due thereon, computed to and including the Five Days following the Day of the Date of the faiA Order. Witness my Hahd,

ji* - - - acting for the said Trustees.

[&* post. Cap. 130. aJimilar A8 far Saving Bank4 in England.]

Lunatic Poor to be erected and efUblished.

Grand Jury at Affixes to present such Sum

CAP. CVI.

An Act to provide for the Establishment of Asylums for the Lunatic Poor in Ireland.

[1 ith July 1817.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the distyeffed State of the Lunatic Poor in Irejand should be provided for Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Lord Lieutenant Authority of the same, That at any time after the passing of this Act it shall and may be lawful for the may direct any Lor<l Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, by and with the Advice and Consent ATyTums for the Majesty's Privy Council in Ireland, to direct and order that any Number of Asylums for the Lunatic

Poor in Ireland shall be erected and established in and for such Districts in Ireland as to the said Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors and Privy Council shall fecm expedient 5 and that every such District shall consist of the whole of Two or more Counties, or of One or more County or Counties, and One Or moire County or Counties of Cities or Towns, but shall not include Part only of any County, County of a City or Town; and that all Lunatic Poor within every such District respectively shall be maintained and taken Care of in the Asylum belonging to such District 5 and that every such Asylum shall be sufficient to contain such Number of Lunatic Poor, not being less than One hundred nor more than One hundred and fifty m any one Asylum, as shall seem expedient to such Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors, and Privy Council$ and every Order of Council to be made for such Purpose shall be published in the Dublin Gemeite.

II. And be it further waded, That any time after any such Order of Council shall be made and pub-liflted in the Dublin Gazette, it shall and may be lawful for the Grand Jury of the several Counties, Coun-asJhaUbe requi- Cities and Towns, within any such District, at any AiTizes, to present such Sum or Sums of Money to Cte for such be raised off such Counties, Counties of Cities or Towns respectively, as shall be requisite for defraying Asylum. the Expences of erecting and establishing such Asylum, and for maintaining the fame, to such Amount and in such Proportions as shall be directed by any Order to be made by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, by and with the Advice of His Majesty's Privy Council in Ireland.

Lord Lieutenant

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Mon^to be Governor or Governors of Ireland, by and with the Advice of His Majesty's Privy Council in Ireland, to order advanced1 ouf6of wd'direct that any Sum or Sums of Money shall be advanced and issued and paid out of the growing Pro-the Consolidated duce of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom arising in Ireland, to such Person or Persons as shall be named in any such Order of Council, or into the Bank of Ireland, in the Names of any such Person or Persons, to be paid and applied for the Purpose of erecting and establishipg any such Asylum for the Lunatic Poor in any such District in Ireland, in such Sums and at such times, and in such manner and Proportions, and under such Rules, Regulations, Terms and Conditions, and to annex such Penalties for Breach of set Rules, Regulations, Terms and Conditions, as to such Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors and Privy Council shall seem best suited for promoting the beneficial Purposes of this Act; and after any such Asylum shall be fit for the 'Reception of such Lunatic Poor, the .Grand Jury of every County, County of a City or Town, within the District in and for which such Asylum shall be erected and established, shall present such Sum or Sums of Money at the several ensuing Assizes for the Repayment of the Money so advanced, and at such times and in such Proportions as shall be directed by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland.

Lord Lieutenant JV. And \ye jt further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief

D?re5ors and Governor or Governors of Ireland, by and with the Advice of His Majesty's Privy Council in Ireland, to Commissioners nominate and appoint such Persons as he and they shall think fit and proper to be Governors or Directors of for superintend- every or any such Asylum in any such District, and also to nominate and appoint any Persons not exceeding ins the Asylums. Light in Number to be Commissioners for General Control and Correspondence, and for the superintending ana directing the Erection, Establishment and Regulation of all such Asylums; and also that it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland and Privy Coun-

cil to make, frame and establish, or upon the Suggestion and Recommendation of such Commissioners for General Control and Correspondence to adopt and authorize any Rules and Regulations for the good Con-dud and Management of such Asylums in general, or of any such Asylum in particular: Provided always, that every Person who shall be appointed to be a Governor or Director of any such Asylum, or to be one of the Commissioners for such General Control and Correspondence, shall act without any Salary, Fee, Reward or Emolument whatsoever.

Fund.

After Asylum erected, Grand Jury may present Sum requir ed for Repayment.

No Salary to Director, fcc.

A.D. 1817. 57° GEORGII III. C. 107.

CAP. CVII.

An Act to provide for the more deliberate Investigation of Presentments to be made by Grand Juries for Roads and Public Works in Ireland, and for accounting for Money raised by such Presentments. [ 11 th July 1817.]

WHEREAS it i9 expedient to provide for the regular and deliberate Investigation of the Necfcflity

and Propriety of all public Roads, Buildings and Works which may be proposed to be executed

under the Presentment of the Several Grand Juries in Ireland, under and by virtue of Sundry Acts of

Parliament Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and

by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for every Magistrate of every County, Magistrates of

County of a City, and County of a Town in Ireland, within their respective Jurisdiction, who shall, be certain Qualifi-

feiSed and possessed of a Freehold Estate in Fee Simple or Fee Tail in Possession of the Annual Value of cations to meet

Three hundred Pounds at least, or of a Leasehold Estate in Perpetuity, or for Life or Lives, or for any ^iftriasor*

Term of Years not less than Twenty Years unexpired, of the Annual Value of Five hundred Pounds at the Counties umler

least, or who shall be Heir Apparent to any Person seised or possessed of Freehold or Leasehold Estates of 36 G. 3.0.15.

Double such Amount, or who shall be entitled to aA as a Magistrate for any County of a City Qr County (1J

of a Town, or for any City and Liberties, according to the Charter of Incorporation of such City or Town,

although not possessed of a Freehold or Leasehold Estate to the Several Amounts aforesaidr to assemble, and

such Magistrates are hereby required to assemble, in the Court Houses and other usual Places of holding the

Sessions in each and every County, County of a City, or County of a Town, at the General Quarter Sef-

fions of the Peace holden and to be holden in the month of April in each and every Year, (or in tke Month of

July in cases hereafter provided for by this Act, ) after all the usual Business at such Sessions shall have been

completed; and such Magistrate* So assembled shall adjourn such Sessions for the Purposes of this A A from

Place to Place, within every County of Ireland, until such Sessions shall have been holden at all the Several

Court Houses and other usual Places of holding such Sessions in each and every District within each County,

under the Provisions of an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirty sixth Year of His present 36 G. 3. c. 2$.

Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for the better and more convenient Administration of Jujlictr and for the (M

Recovery of Small Debts in a summary Way at the SeJJtons of the Peace of the several Counties at largo

within this Kingdom, except the County of Dublin; and for continuing and amending an Act, intituled An Act for the better Execution of the Law and Preservation of the Peace within Counties at largeand

such Magistrates shall have Power to adjourn from Day to Day only (except from Saturday to Monday),

and from Place to Place, until such Sessions shall be completed in every District of every County at large,

and in every County of a City and County of a Town in Ireland; and shall, at every Such Sessions and Ad- and proceed to

journment thereof, upon the Bench in open Court, proceed to take into Consideration all Proposals for the consider Efti-

making or repairing.of Roads, or for the executing of any public Works belonging to the County of a City, mates of «xecut-

County of a Town, or District in which such Magistrates are so assembled; and also shall proceed upon the

Bench in open Court to Swear the Several Persons concerned to the Truth of such Affidavits as shall be pro- or

duced to such Magistrates, with Reference to every such Proposal, according to the Directions of this Act:

Provided always, that such Magistrate shall preflde as Chairman at every Such Meeting as shall be chosen by the Majority of the Magistrates then present.

II. And be it further enacted, That at the First Meeting of such Magistrates at such Quarter Sessions Magistratestebt £not less than Five Magistrates being present) the Magistrate appointed to be Chairman at such Meeting to the shall take and subscribe an Oath according to the Form in Schedule (A.No. 1.) to this A A annexed, by Execution of and before any Two of the said Magistrates so being present, I which Oath/any Two of such Magistrates 1 ls*

are hereby authorized to administer); and after such Chairman mall have been so sworn, every Magistrate who shall attend at any such Meeting, or any Adjournment thereof, shall, before aAing in Execution of this Act, take and subscribe such Oath in like manner by and before such Chairman; which Oath such Chairman (being previoUfly sworn as aforesaid) is hereby authorized and required to administer.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Chairman presiding at each and every such Meeting held under Chairmau to

this A A shall transmit to the Secretary of the Grand Jury of the County, County of a City or Town re- fend Lift figwed (peAively, a correA Lift, signed by himself, of the Magistrates who shall have taken and subscribed the of Magistrates said Oath, which Lift shall be laid before the Grand Jury by the said Secretary at the ensuing Assizes. Secmary of0

IV. And be it further enacted, That Notices in Writing of all Proposals for the laying out, forming, making Grand Jury, or repairing of Roads, or for building or repairing of Court Houses, Sessions Houses, Bridges or Walls, or for Notice of Proexecuting any other public Works intended to be submitted to the Magistrates at such Sessions, shall be posted pofals for Public by or on behalf of the Persons making such Proposals, on the Door of the Parish Church, where there is w°rto, b*.any such Church in Repair, and where there is not any such Church in Repair, then on the Door of the next mentione/11 adjoining Parish Church which is in Repair, and also on the Door of the Chapel of the Parish to which such

Proposal relates, upon the Sunday Week immediately previous to the First Day of holding of such Sessions; and a Copy of every such Notice shall be given and delivered on or before the Saturday next immediately preceding such Sunday, by or on behalf of the Persons making such Proposals, to the High Con liable of the Barony within which such Roads, Court Houses, Sessions Houses, Bridges, Walls or other Public Works shall be respectively situate.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the Grand Jury of any County, County of a No Present-City, or County of a Town, to present any Money for the making or repairing of any such Roads, or for the meins for Mo.

E e 2 building uc>r for Pu4, c

Works, except at Summer Affixes; except for Re-pairs sod Salaries as herein mentioned.

Proviso for Presentments for Repayment of Monies advanced by Orderuf Lord Lieutenant, «cc. Surveyor of Public Works to be appointed by Lord Lieutenant and sworn in each County.

Form of Oath.

Grand Jury may present Salary for Surveyor, to be levied as herein mentioned.

No Surveyor to be appointed that has not received a Certificate of his Qualification from a Board of Civil Engineers in Dublin, to be appointed by the Lord Lieutenant. Surveyors to have full Power of Conservators and Overseers. To keep an Office open.

Same Surveyor may be appointed to Two Counties, &c.

In what Place Quarter Sessions in such case to assemble.

Notice of Sessions.

If Surveyor be disabled, he may depute another. Qualification and Oath by such Deputy.

Person deputed shall receive the Salary.

0.107. 57° GEORGII III. A.D. 1817.

building of Court Houses or Sessions Houses, Gaols, Prisons, Bridges, Walls or other public Works, faYe and except at the Summer Assizes in each and every Year: Provided always, that it shall and may be lawful for any Grand Jury to present Money for the necessary Repairs of any Court House, Sessions House, Gaol or Prison, and for the Salary of any Officers belonging to the fame, as well at the Spring Assizes as at the Summer Assizes in every Year.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to limit the Authority of Grand Juries in making any Presentment at any Assizes for the Repayment of any Monies advanced by Order of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, or for the raising of any Money for the Support and Maintenance of any Charitable Establishment, or for any Purposes not specially provided for by this Act, for which such Grand Jury are empowered to make any Presentment by any Act or Acts in force immediately before the passing of this Act.

VII. And be it further enacted, That when and as won as Persons can be found properly qualified for the Office of County Surveyors, there shall be attached to each and every County, County of a City, and County of a Town in Ireland, a Surveyor of public Works, to be named and appointed from time to time by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, in Writing under his or their Hand or Hands, and to be removable by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland; and every such Surveyor shall be folemrily sworn by the Foreman in the Presence of the other Members of the Grand Jury of each and every such County, County of a City and Town, at the Assizes for such County, County of a City or Town, next after such Surveyor shall be so named or appointed, according to the Form of Oath containedin the Schedule (marked A. No. 2.) annexed to this Act, which t)ath shall be entered, signed and attested in the County Book; and it shall be lawful for such Surveyor to act in Execution of this Act immediately upon his Appointment until the Assizes then next ensuing; and it shall be lawful for each and every Grand Jury respectively, at every Assizes for every County, County of a City or Town, to present any Sum, not exceeding the Sums hereafter respectively specified, as a Salary for every such Surveyor respectively for the Half Year preceding such Assizes, to be levied off such Counties, Counties of Cities and Counties of Towns respectively; that is to say, off the Counties of Cork, Donegal\ Downe, Galway, Kerry, Mayo, Tipperary and Tyrone, a Sum not exceeding the Sum of Three hundred Pounds; and off the Counties of Armagh, Clare, Derry, Limerick, Meath, Monaghan and Wexford, a Sum not exceeding Two hundred and fifty Pounds 5 and on any other County at large in Ireland, a Sum not exceeding Two hundred Pounds; and off any County of a City or County of a Town, a Sum not exceeding the Sum of One hundred Pounds: Provided always, that no Person shall be appointed to be such Surveyor of the Public Works, unless he shall have been previously examined by a Board of Civil Engineers in Dublin, and shall have obtained a Certificate from such Board, setting forth that such Person hath been duly examined, and is qualified to undertake the Office of Surveyor as aforesaid; and such Board of Civil Engineers or Persons appointed to con-dust such Examination, ana grant such Certificates as aforesaid, shall consist of at lead Three Civil Engineers, and shall be appointed from time to time for such Purposes by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, and shall act without any Salary or Emolument 5 and such Surveyor shall be and he is hereby veiled with all.Powers heretofore vested in the Conservators of public Works in the several Counties in Ireland; and no Conservator of public Works shall be appointed or shall continue to act in any County, County of a City, or County of a Town, in or for which any such County Surveyor shall be appointed under this Act; and every such Surveyor shall be taken and deemed to be an Overseer of all or any public Works within the County, County of a City or County of a Town, for which he shall be appointed, and shall certify his Opinion upon such Works, as are herein after more particularly specified, and shall have and keep an Office open for his regular Attendance on Business in the County Town of the County, or in the County of a City or County of a Town, for which he shall be so appointed, and shall give his Attendance at all Assizes for the County, County of a City or Town, for which he shall be appointed, for the Purpose of being examined upon Oath or otherwise by the Court of Grand Jury, upon all or any Matters touching the Execution of his Office.

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the same Person to be appointed Surveyor to any Two Counties, or to any County, and also to any County of a City and County of a Town, if it shall be thought expedient by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland; and that in such case the Magistrates required by this Act to assemble at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace in the Months of April or July in each Year shall assemble in one of such Counties, or Counties of Cities or Towns, at the April Quarter Sessions, and in the other of such Counties or Counties of Cities or Towns at the July Quarter Sessions, in each and every Year; and that the said several Sessions shall be holden repeftively in each such County, or County of a City or Town, in April or July respectively, as shall be specified for that Purpose in the Appointment of such Surveyor; and whereof Notice shall be given by such Surveyor to the Clerk of the Peace of each such County, or County of a City or Town respectively, Fourteen Days at lead before the first Day of each such Session respectively.

IX. And be it further enacted, That in case such Surveyor shall be disabled from giving his Attendance on account of Indisposition, to be certified to the Grand Jury upon Oath, it shall and may be lawful for such Surveyor to depute another Surveyor to act for him, such Surveyor so deputed having been previously examined by the Board of Civil Engineers as aforesaid, and having taken the Oath appointed for Surveyors, and having been likewise approved by the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being; and such Surveyor, so deputed, shall be paid and shall be entitled to receive the full Salary-payable to the Surveyor by whom he shall be so deputed; and in case any Surveyor shall be disabled by Indil-

12 f position

A.D. 1817.

57° GEORGII III.

C.

107.

213

position from Attendance on his Duty for Six Calendar Months successively, a new Survey or shall be appointed in his Stead.

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the Grand Jury of any County, County of a City No Presentment or County of a Town, for which any such Surveyor shall be* appointed, to prefettt any Money to be levied forny Building for the eroding or repairing any Building, the Estimate for which shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds,

or for the laying out any new Road or Footpath, or for the widening an old Road, or lowering a Hill, or J*/ fc'outYinew filling up a Hollow, or filling up Grips, {he Expence of which respectively shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Road or Foot. Pounds, unless the Necessity or Expediency of such Works respectively, together with the Plans (where ancpath, &c. unless such Plans shall be required by Law to be made) and Estimates for the fame, shall have been previously ex- Examined by*amined by such Surveyor 5 and that in all cases in which such Surveyor shall not concur in the Necessity or Cou<lt7 Swr* Expediency of the Work proposed, such Surveyor shall attend the Grand Jury at the Assizes, and shall be Teyor' examined by them touching the fame 5 and that in all cases where such Surveyor shall approve of the Work In what case being executed, but shall disapprove of the Plan and Estimate laid before him, it shall be the Duty of and Bfti-

such Surveyor to prepare a new Plan and Estimate, or to alter the Plan and Estimate which have been so pro-

posed to him in such manner as he shall think fit and proper, previous to the fame being laid before the Grand oneg#

Jury for their Decision.

XI. And be it further enacted, That every Person appointed to be Surveyor of public Works pursuant to Surveyor to this Act shall lay before the Magistrates assembled at every Special Sessions authorized and required to be*Report holden under this Act, and also before the Grand Jury at every Assizes, a full and particular Report of the °.f, p 1 w °v several Duties of his Office performed by him since his Appointment to such Office, or since the Date of any former Report made by him at the Sessions and Assizes immediately preceding; which Report shall also^the County. contain a detailed Statement of the Progress, Repairs, State and Condition of the several Court Houses, What such Re-Sessions Houses, Gaols, Bridewells, Roads, Bridges, Walls and other public Works within the County, «!f°to County of a City or County of a Town, of which such Person shall be Surveyor, for the Expences whereof conUin* the Grand Jury are by Law enabled or required to make any Presentment 5 specifying which of such public Works or Roads are of most immediate Necessity or Utility, and whether any others are required; stating also the several Roads or Lines of Communication which it may be necessary to open, and the Roads and Way8 which it may be expedient to (hut up, or to turn or divert, or to leave to be repaired at private Expence only 5 stating also the Names and Descriptions of all Persons prosecuted by such Surveyor for any Injury or Nuisance to such Roads, and before what Magistrate, and with what Result any Prosecution for any such Offence was had, and generally stating all Matters relating to the Office of such Surveyor, or heretofore belonging to the Office of Conservator of public Works: And in such Report all Roads (not being Turn- Roads (Excep-pike Roads) shall be classed under the Three following Heads or Divisions 5 First, The Direct or Post tion) classed in Roads, being such as form an immediate Line of Communication between the County Town and the City such RelK)rt of Dublin, or between such County Town and any other County Town, or between such County Town and any Bog, or any Seaport or any Port or Place of Exportation situate on any navigable River;

Secondly, Crols Roads, being such as form an immediate Line of Communication between the County Town

and any Market Town, or between one Market Town and another, or between any Market Town and any

Bog, or any Seaport or Port or Place of Exportation situate on any navigable River; Thirdly, Private or

narrow Roads communicating between Market Towns and Villages or between Villages and Villages: And

such Surveyor shall also date in such Report what Turnpike Roads pass through any Part of the County, Report verified

and the Places within such County where such Turnpike Roads begin and end respectively; and every such upon Oath if

Report shall (if so required by the Grand Jury) be verified upo* the Oath of such Surveyor, which Oath Q^an^Ju/

the Foreman of such Grand Jury is hereby authorized to aduiinifter: And a Copy of such Report shall be Jopy transmif-

annexed to and printed with the Lift of Presentments made at such Assizes, and shall be transmitted to the ted to Chief Se-

Chief Secretary of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland and laid before cretary of Lord

Parliament in like manner as is required by Law with respect to such Presentments. Lieutenant, &c.

XII. And be it further enacted, That every Proposal for executing any Road or other public Work shall Proposalsfor be made upon an Estimate vouched by a grounding Affidavit, in such Forms as are now required by Law, or executing Work in such other Forms as may from tirpe to time be directed and authorized by the Grand Jury of any County, Eflimate1 vouch-County of a City or Town; and every such Estimate and Affidavit shall (in such Counties where any edbyanAffi-County Surveyor shall be appointed pursuant to the Provisions of this Act) be lodged with such County davit.

Surveyor, and in such Counties where it shall happen that no such Surveyor shall be appointed, shall be lodged Estimate* to be with the Clerk of the Peace, Six Weeks at the lead previous to the First Day of the Quarter Sessions of the lodged with Sur-Peace to be holden in the Months of April nr July respectively in each and every Year, pursuant to the Weeks&before Provisions of this Act; and every such Surveyor or Clerk of the Peace (as the case may require) shall im- Session, Jtc.

mediately, upon the Receipt of such grounding Affidavits, arrange the same to the best of his Skill and Surveyor, Sec. to Knowledge, according to the several Districts in which they shall be, to be taken into Consideration, and arrange Efti-shall number all such Affidavits, and shall make Abstracts of the Contents of the fame in separate Schedules, an^ J"ake

according to the Number of Districts, (that is to say, One Schedule of the Abstracts of all such Affidavits J^fthe*for each District, ) with a separate Schedule for all such Presentments as are liable to bepresented, to be levied fame<

either on the County or Barony, at the Discretion of the respective Grand Juries; and every Abstract in Schedule* to be every such Schedule shall be marked with a Number corresponding with the Numbers indorsed upon the feve- numbered with ral Affidavits, and in such manner as that all the proposed Repairs on any Line of Road in any District shallhc ftmc ^u2?" be placed in regular Order one after the other.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the County Surveyor, or the Clerk of the Peace where no such surveyor, See. to Surteyor shall be appointed, shall lay before such Magistrates at such Sessions, and the several Adjournments i*y p/oposal*

thereof, before Sessions;

214

together with Opinion of Surveyor.

Proceedings by Magi Antes thereon.

All Affidavits for grounding Presentments to be Sworn before Meetings of Magistrates in the proper Districts, Surveyor to fill up the Form of Presentment according to the Opinion of the Meeting. PropoSals and Presentments to be delivered to Secre*ary of Grand Jury. Treasurer, Secretary, Collector, &c. not to be impannelled on a jury.

Oath of Grand Jury, relating to Presentments for raising Money, &c.

Grand Juror may diSclofe Evidence given, &c. as to Such Presentments. Secretary to Grand Jury to make Schedules, containing Ab-stradls of all Applications and other matters herein mentioned.

Copy of Schedules to be in-

C. 107. 57° GEORGII III. A.D. 1817.

thereof, all the Proposals, Affidavits and E Hi mates which shall have been lodged with him as aforesaid, fof executing public Works within the District or County of a City, or County of a Town, in which such Magistrates shall be io assembled, together with the Schedule of the fame so made by him as aforesaid; and the Opinion of such Surveyor respecting all such Proposals, Affidavits or Estimates shall be signified at the Foot of every Affidavit relating to such Proposals or EstimateB in any County in which such Surveyor shall be appointed; and such Magistrates so assembled, or such Number as shall be present, being not less than Three, shall proceed, in open Court upon the Bench there, to take into Confederation and dispose of all such Proposals whereof Notice shall have been polled and given in manner required by this Act, and none others, such Notice to be proved to the Satisfaction of such Magistrates; and such of the said Proposals as shall be approved by the Majority at such Sessions as aforesaid shall be signed by the Chairman, with the Word " approved" prefixed, and all such Proposals as shall be disapproved by the Majority at such Sessions shall be signed by the Chairman, with the Word " disapproved" prefixed; and such Chairman, in all cases when the Numbers are equal, shall have a calling voice: Provided always, that all Affidavits relating to such Proposals for public Works shall be sworn before the Magistrates assembled as aforesaid within the District in which such Work is proposed to be executed, in open Court upon the Bench there; and that in all cases the Chairman of such Meeting, and fotne one other Magistrate present at such Meeting, shall both of them sign the Jurat of every such Affidavit; and that so soon as the Magistrates assembled at such Meeting shall have examined and decided upon all such Proposals for public Works in such Districts as shall be laid before them at such Meeting, the County Surveyor, or Clerk of the Peace where no such Surveyor shall be appointed, shall fill up in Writing the Form of Prelent- ment applicable to each Proposal, for the Execution of such Works as shall be approved of by such Magistrates, in Conformity with the Opinion of the Magistrates at such Meeting, specifying at the Head of each Prefeat-ment the Ad under which such Presentment is authorized to be made by the Grand Jury; and the Chahrmaa of such Meeting shall deliver all such Proposals, whether approved or disapproved, together with the Affidavits, Estimates, Specifications and Certificates relating to the fame, to the said County Surveyor or Clerk of the Peace and all such Proposals, whether approved or disapproved, together with the Form of Presentment relating to such of them as are approved, shall, by the said Surveyor or Clerk of the Peace, be forthwith transmitted or delivered to the Secretary of the Grand Jury, to be laid before them at the next ensuing Assizes.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Sheriff of any County, County of a City or County of a Town, to return upon any Pannel for any Grand Jury at any Assizes in such County, County of a City or County of a Town, any Person who shall be either Treasurer of the County, Secretary of the Grand Jury, County Surveyor, Chief Constable or Collector of any Barony, or Clerk of the Crown and Clerk of the Peace.

XV. And be it further enacted, That after the Commencement of this Act, each and every Grand Juror, immediately after being sworn before the Judge of Assize, in such manner and Form as hath heretofore been practised according to Law at the several Assizes in Ireland\ shall, in open Court at such Assizes, also take the Oath following; Siat is to say,

1 yOU shall diligently inquire, on behalf of the County, for, County of the City or County of the Town]

of and true Presentment make, of all such matters and things as shall be law-

fully given to you in Charge, or as shall come before you in any wise relating to the raising of any Money

upon the said County [or, County of City or County of Town] of

or upon any Barony, Half Barony, District or Parish therein, or relating to the accounting for the Expen- diture of any such Money: You shall not present, nor allow nor disallow any matter or thing, nor shall

you leave any matter or thing unpresented "which is presentable, through Hatred, Malice or 111 Will, nor

through Fear, Favour, Affection or Reward: But in all such things you shall present the Truth, the whole

Truth, and nothing but the Truth, according to the bed of your knowledge and Judgment.

4 So help you GOD.*

And it shall and may be lawful for any Grand Juror to disclose any Evidence or other matter or thing whatsoever relative to the making or refusing of any such Presentment, or relative to the accounting for the Expenditure'of any Money raised by Presentment; any Law, Statute, Cullora or Usage whatever to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the Secretary to the Grand Jury shall, forthwith after the Meetings of Magistrates shall have been held in the several Districts at the times specified, and that the several Proposals, Affidavits, Estimates and Forms of Presentments have been lodged with him as aforesaid, arrange and number all such Proposals, Affidavits, Estimates and other matters relating to Presentments, and shall cause Abstracts thereof to be made and inserted in Schedules, to be made (one for each Barony and Half Barony, andooe for the County) with each Item separately numbered, in a Series, corresponding to the Numbers of the respective Affidavits or other matters to which every such Item shall respectively relate, distinguishing by the Words " approved" or " disapproved" the Determination of the Magistrates on every such Proposal, at any Meeting holden under this Act, and dating the Sum of Money required for each Item, and calling up the Amount of all such Sums at the Foot of each Page, and carrying forward the fame, so as to shew the total Amount of the Sum which is proposed or required to be raised off the County at large, and the Sums proposed or required to be raised in each Barony and Half Barony, and specifying the Amount of the Charge which such Amount would, if presented, occasion on each Barony or Half Barony, particularizing and distinguishing the Charge proposed or required to be raised on every Barony or Half Barony for their respective Use, and the Proportion of the Sums U) to be raised on the lame Barony or Half Barony arising from the Charge on the County at large; and such Secretary shall cause a Copy of such Schedules to be inserted in the County and Barony

Books,

A.D. 1817. 57° GEORGII III. C. 107.

Books, according as the Charge shall belong either to the County or Barony, always inferring in the County Book such as may be doubtful, as depending on the discretionary Power veiled in Grand Juries; and such Secretary shall forthwith cause a Number of Copies of such Schedules to be printed and distributed, Fifteen Dave at lead before* the Commission Day of the ensuing Summer Assizes, among the several Magistrates of each District, and such other Persons as usually compose the Grand Pannel of the County, County of a City or Town, to which such Secretary belongs, not exceeding Thirty Copies for each Barony and Half Barony 5 and such Secretary shall likewise deliver a Copy of such printed Schedule to the Foreman of the Grand Jury, immediately after such Grand Jury shall have been sworn, and also a Copy to the Judge of Assize, immediately upon his opening the Commission, and shall keep a Copy in his Office for the Inspection of all whom it may coocern 5 and the said Secretary shall have such Copy ready for Inspection at his Office at all reasonable times, after such Schedule has been printed, previous to such Assizes.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the Secretary to the Grand Jury at every Summer Assizes (so soon as the Grand Jury shall bfe sworn at such Assizes) shall deliver all such Affidavits as have been sworn at any and every Sessions of such Magistrates, together with the Form of the Presentments on such of them as shall have been approved of by the Magistrates at any such Sessions to the Foreman of such Grand Jury, and such Grand Jury shall proceed to take the fame into Consideration 5 and such of the said Presentments as shall be disapproved by such Grand Jury shall and may be forthwith either altered or cancelled accordingly, and shall, by the Secretary, be erased from or altered in the County or Barony Books; and such of the said Presentments as shall be approved by the said Grand Jury shall be sanctioned, conformably to such Approval, by the Signature of the Foreman of such Grand Jury 5 and it shall and may be lawful for any Grand Jury to make any Presentment in respect of any Road or public Work, the Particulars of the Proposals relating to which shall be entered in such printed Schedules, although any such Proposal for such Road or public Work shall have been disapproved of by the Magistrates at any such Sessions; and also to present any smaller Sum to be expended, or any less Number of Perches of Road to be made, widened or repaired, or any less Number of Perches of Fences to be made, or at a smaller Rate by the Perch, than may be required or set forth in any Affidavit and Estimate on which any Presentment shall be grounded, or to present a Part only of any Sum required, according to the Discretion.of such Grand Jury, as they shall think proper.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Presentment shall be taken into Consideration by the Grand Jury, nor shall be fiated by the Court for any of the Purposes aforesaid, unless the Particulars of such proposed Presentments shall be entered in such printed Schedules 5 such Presentments, matters or things only excepted as Grand Juries are or may be authorized by Law to present, the Particulars of which and the Amount whereof cannot be ascertaine4 under the Provisions of this Act, until after the times respectively herein specified as aforesaid, or until after the Grand Jury shall have been impannelled at the Assizes; all which Presentments, matters and things shall and may be presented by such Grand Jury after being so impannelled, although the Purpose thereof shall not be specified or referred to in any of such Schedules as afore-Caid, and although no Particulars of the same shall have been delivered in manner required by this A A with respect to any other Presentments proposed or required to be made by such Grand Juries: Provided always, that if it shall appear by the Oaths of Two credible Persons, who occupy and pay Cess for Tea Acres of Ground within such County, and by the Certificate of the County Surveyor, in any County where such Surveyor shall be appointed, that any Road or any Bridge or Part of a Bridge, or Pipe, Arch or Gullet or Wall, shall have been damaged by sudden Accident, after the time when such Schedule shall have been printed, and that it is absolutely necessary to rebuild or repair the fame before the Assizes next following, then and in every such case it shall and may be lawful for the 6rand Jury to present such Sum or Sums of Money as may be sufficient to rebuild such Bridge, Arch, Pipe, Gullet or Wall, and for the Court to fiat such Presentment* although the Particulars of such Presentment shall not have been printed in such Schedule: Provided also, that it shall and may be lawful for the Grand Jury, at any Spring or Summer Assizes, to present any Sum or Sums of Money, as may be sufficient for the Repair of any Road or the carrying on of any public Work in any County where a Surveyor shall be appointed, upon the Certificate of such County Surveyor that such Repair is. absolutely necessary, or that greater Expence would be, in the Opinion of such Surveyor, incprred by the Delay of such public Work, and on the Certificate of Two Magistrates approving tf£ the Amount of the Sum proposed to be expended; any thing in this Act contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Grand Jury, at any Summer Assizes for any County in which no County Surveyor shall be appointed, to present any Sum of Money not exceeding Twenty Pounds, to be raised off such County, as an Allowance or Remuneration to the Clerk of the Peace for his Attendance at the preceding General Quarter Sessions, and for the performing and executing the Duties required by this Act to be performed by such Clerk of the Peace, in cases where no such Surveyor shall be appointed 5 and it shall and may also be lawful for any Grand Jury to present any Sum or Sums of Money in the Way of Salary, or any other Allowance, for the Payment or Remuneration of any Person bolding or executing, or having held or executed, any Office for which such Salary or Allowance is claimed, as well at any Spring Assizes as at any Summer Assizes, any thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding 5 but that no Presentment shall be made for any Payment or Remuneration to any such Person, unless there be an Affidavit of such Person prefixed to the Form of such Presentment when laid before such Grand Jury, sworn before a Justice of the Peace in Presence of the Grand Jury, setting forth, that such Officer, for whom the Money is required to be presented, hath diligently and faithfully executed the Duties of his Office, as prescribed by Law, finee the preceding Assizes; and that he has entered into all such Recognizances for the due and faithful Execution of hir Office, which by any Law he is required to do> to the best of

4t

215

farted in the County and Barony Books, od to be primed and distributed.

Secretary to deliver a Copy of Schedule to the Foreman of Grand Jury and to the Judge of Assize, See. Affidavits and Forms of Presentments delivered by the Secretary to the Foremen of the Grand Jury. Proceedings thereon.

Grand Jury may make Presentment in respect of Public Work* entered in such Schedules, although Proposal* disapproved by Sessions.

No Presentment to be considered or fiated if not entered in printed Schedule, except such as are required by.Law, and the Amount whereof could not be previously ascertained.

Grand Juries may present for sudden Damage to Bridget, &c. although not entered in such Schedule.

Grand Jury may make Piefent-ments of Allowance to Clerk of Peace, See,

but no Money presentable for any Person holding Offices, un.left he has msde Affidavit as herein mentioned.

216

Proviso where Application for Salary refused by Grand Jury by reaton of Misconduct of Officer.

Account of Expenditure of Money in each Barony, verified by Affidavit, to be delivered to the County Surveyor or Clerk of the Peace for Examination, and transmitted to the Secretary of the Grand Jury. Regulations as to the taking, tec. of such Affidavits.

Proceedings on such Accounts, 'See.

No Affidavit for accounting for the Execution of such Works allowed, unlefe County Surveyor certifies.

Accounting Affidavit may be traversed, provided Notice given to the accounting Overseer.

How such Tra-verse is to be tried.

Fee on Traverse.

CofU.

Sums not expended and accounted for within Two Years, to be presented again, See.

Proviso as to Monies raised by Instalments. Where Baronies consist of distinct aid unconoe&ed Parts, the Sums to be raised on

C. 107. 57° GEORGII III. A.D. 1817.

his Knowledge and Belief, specifying the Names of the respective Sureties 5 and no Application shall be made for any Preferment for any Salary or Remuneration to any Person at any Assizes which might have been applied and presented for at any previous Assizes^ unless the Person making such Application shall make an Affidavit, Rating some Reasons satisfactory to the Grand Jury why such Application was not made at such previous Assizes; and if it shall happen that any Application for any Salary or Remuneration shall be rejected or refused by any Grand Jury at any Assizes, on Account of any Neglect or Misconduct in Office of the Party making such Application, it shall not be lawful for any Grand Jury, at any subsequent Assizes, to make any Preferment for any such Salary or Remuneration in respect of any Period previous to the Assizes at which such Application was rejected or refilled.

XX. And be it further enacted, That all Accounts of the Expenditure of every Sum of Money presented by any Grand Jury for the making or repairing of any Road, or executing any other Public Work

within any Barony or Half Barony of any County, or within any County of a City or County of a Town, shall be delivered by or on behalf of the Party accounting to the County Surveyor, in Counties where such Surveyor shall be appointed, or to the Clerk of the Peace in Counties where it shall happen that no such Surveyor shall be appointed, Six Weeks at lead before the First Day of the several General Quarter Sessions to be holden for the Purposes of this Act, in and for every District of such County, or in and for such County of a City or County of a Town respectively, in the Months of April or July respectively next after the Summer Assizes at which such Preferments shall have been made; and at every such Sessions all such Accounts, and all Vouchers relating thereto, shall be verified by the Affidavit of the attending Overseer appointed by the Grand Jury, and shall be examined in open Court at such Sessions by the County Surveyor, in Counties where such Surveyor shall be appointed; and all such Affidavits shall be sworn in open Court, and attested by Two Justices of the Peace attending at such Meeting, in the Presence of each other 5 and all such Accounts, and all Affidavits relating thereto, shall be signed by the County Surveyor who shall have examined the fame, where there shall be such County Surveyor, and shall be forthwith transmitted or delivered to the Secretary of the Grand Jury by such County Surveyor, or by the Clerk of the Peaee where no such Surveyor shall be appointed, to be proceeded upon by such Grand Jury at the ensuing Sum- mer Assizes, in such manner in all Respect s as is now required by Law with respect to accounting Affidavits laid before Grand Juries at any Assizes.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That no Affidavit accounting for the Execution of such Public Works as aforesaid shall be allowed by the Grand Jury or Court at any Assizes for any County in which a County Surveyor shall be appointed, unless such Surveyor shall have previously certified at the Foot of such Affidavit, that in his Opinion such Work has been executed faithfully and honestly, according to Presentment; and in case of the Repairs of any Road, every such Affidavit shall Rate, and such Surveyor shall certify at the Foot thereof, that he is satisfied that the Parts of the Roads so repaired were the word, and such as most required Repair, between the given Points specified in such Affidavit.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Person occupying or paying Cess for Ten Acres of Ground to appear at any such Assizes, and to offer to .controvert the Truth of any accounting Affidavit there produced, on the Ground of the Insufficiency of the Execution of the Work to which such Affidavit shall relate 5 provided that the Person offering to controvert the Truth of such Affidavit as aforesaid shall have given Notice in Writing of his Intention so to do, to the accounting. Overseer, before the First Day of such Assizes; and whenever any such Person so having given Notice as aforesaid shall so appear and offer to controvert the Truth of such Affidavit, it shall be lawful for the Court at such Assizes, and they are hereby required, to try the Truth of the Fast or Fasts alleged in Controversion of the Truth of such Affidavit, by a Jury, in the same manner as any Traverse of any Action within the Jurisdiction of such Court ought to be tried at such Assizes; and in case the Truth of such Fast or Fasts shall be found, the accounting Affidavit shall be disallowed accordingly; and it shall not be lawful for the Clerk of the Crown or Clerk of the Peace, or any other Persons, to take or receive, upon such Traverse, any Fee for or in respect of any such Traverse exceeding the smallest Sum which may be taken by Law upon any Traverse within the Jurisdiction of such Court; and it shall be lawful for the Court before which such Trial shall be bad, to give such Costs either to the Party controverting such Affidavit, in case such Affidavit shall be disallowed, or to the accounting Q.verfeer in case such Affidavit shall be allowed, as such Court shall in either case think fit and reasonable.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever and so often as it shall happen that any Sum of Money heretofore presented, or hereafter to be presented, to be raised off any County, County of a City or County of a Town, or any Barony or Half Barony, shall not be expended agreeable to such Presentment, and accounted for within the Space of Two Years next after such Presentment shall have been made, it shall and may be lawful for the Grand Jury of such County, County of a City, or County of a Town, and they are hereby required, again to present such Sums of Money, to be applied to other Purposes, and in like manner to present any Saving which may be made on any Presentment, to be expended upon some other Work within the Barony or Half Barony upon which the forme* Sum or such Saving was presented to be raised, or within the County, if raised on the County at large: Provided always, that where Sums are presented to be raised by Instalments for executing any Public Work, it shall not be imperative on the Grand Jury again to present such Sums for other Purposes in manner aforesaid.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Commencement of this Act, in all cases where any Barony within any County shall consist of any Two or morediftinct and unconnected Parts, being more than Five Miles distant from each other, and the Grand Jury shall be of Opinion that it would be poa-? venient and expedient to consider such unconnected Parts as separate Baronies or Half Baronies, it shall and

may

A.D. 1817. 57° GEORGII III. 217

may be lawful for such Grand Jury ta present any Sums to be raffed upon iatcH Barony, in such manner that them may be a Proportion of such Sum may be raised on each of such uncoanefted Parts of such Barony, in like manner ^portioned, as if such Parts were separate and distmft Baronies or Hhlf Baronies; and the same shall be raised and fevied accordingly; any former Law; Usage or Custom to the contrary so anywise notwithstanding.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where, upon any Affidavit for grounding any Pre- rncafeotPer* fentment, or for accounting for public Money, it shall appear to the Grand Jury that the Person or Persons jury* Grind making such Affidavits has or have been guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury, it shall and may be lawful for JulT m*y P1*- the Grand Jury, with the Confeat of the Judge, to make such Presentment for defraying the Pwfeeation of such Delinquent as to them may feea fitting and expedient. 601

XXVI. And Whereat it it expedient that Regulation* should be made for further fectfrfog the fte-( fponfibility of Treasurers and Colk&on of Money raised by Presentment in the feteral Counties in Ireland; 9 Be h therefore drafted* That from and after the temination of the several Spring Affixes which TrMfetet,*. will be in the Year One thousead eight hundred and eighteen, it shall not be lawful for any Person to act aa Treasurer of or for any County, County of a City or County of a Town in Ireland, or as CoHe&or of any public Money m any Inch County, County of a Cky or Tower* or in any Barony or Half Barony; Parish,*&il*m*c*' Towttbnd, District or Division of any County at barge; unless the Security to be given by (tick Treasurer or Chlkftor and their Sureties shall have been previously approved by His Majesty's Attorney or Solicitor General for Ireland* or by fame one of His Majesty*» Serjeants at Law in Ireland* testified by all Opinion in Writing, signed by some one of such Persons, figmfying their having examined and approved such Security, which Opinion shall be laid before the Grand Jury, and the Judge at the enfutng Affixes; nor unless such Treasurers and Collectors (hah have given Security, with Two Sureties (in such Sum as the Grand Jury shall require), by Recognizance to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors; conditioned for the due Performance of then Office, and duly accounting for all Monies received by them on the Account of fcrcfc County.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the termination of the several Spring Assizet Tretf*er, kc. which will be in the Year One thevfand eight hundred and eighteen, it Aall not be hwfnl for any Person to*

be Treasurer of any County, County of a City or County of a Town, or Collector of any public Money in^any such County, County of a City or Town, or in any Barony, who shall be a Merchant or Trader, or Who B&*r Apsotot-shall aft aa a Merchant or Trader at any time after he shall be appointed to be such lYeaftirer or Collector, or mint; who shall not, when required by the Grand Jury at any Affixes, make Oath before them, lotting forth that and to wake he ii possessed of Property of his own* to the full Amount of the perfomd Security which he is required to 0*thre<psdwg give by*Law upon undertaking the Office of Treasurer or Collector; and that such Property is over and duLoSsii above his just Debts; and no Act or Acts for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors shall extend or be conftrited to^te-extend to relieve, release or exonerate any such Treasurer or Collector from the Effect of the Recognizance ^uiwd byOnm* given by him, or to prevent any such Treasurer or Collector, or his Sureties, from being Hsbte for the ftitt AttbCni Iwy* of the Recognizances Severally entered into by them as aforesaid, tmlefir such Person or Persons (half be Specially named in such Insolvent Act.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That neThmforer of any County, County <rf a City or County of Tredbrcmot

a Town, shall compound for any Sum to be raised on the Public, nor shall make any Ded(i£nons whatsoever

from any Sum paid by him to any Person but such as he shall duly account for; and if any such Treasurer ^aaBt

shall offend therein, or neglect to make up his Accounts, or shall refuse or neglect to pay the Amount of all RdMhg or such Quieres as shall have been discharged, without Fee or Reward, or any Deduftfo* in the Way of Dif- neg to count y or if any Person shall act as Treasurer or Collector without his Security being approved as aforesaid* p*y»*c. or without producing a Certificate from the proper Officer that his Security has been duly recorded in die oraamgwithout Court of Exchequer in Ireland, or shall act either directly or indirectly as a Merchant of Trader after he. 8#QnJVp' shall have been appointed Treasurer or Collector, such Treasurer or Collector so offending in any of such Par- prore*riculars shall be fined by the Judge of AfBze so such* Sum as he shall think fit, and shall be by him dffmiffed «" from such Office of Treasurer or Collector, and be thenceforth rendered incapable of ever holding such Office, of Treasurer or Collector. cap.'

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That an accurate Abstract of the Account of every Treasurthr of AMrsd of a County, County of a City or Town, Hating aH Ins Receipts and Payments from the preceding Assizes, Tresfum1. with the Balance in the Hands of such Treasurer at the Commencement of such Account, fballbo printed printed, &c. and prefixed to the Copies of undischarged Quserres when printed after each Affixes; with the full Balance of Y the-pnbber Money then so the Hands of such Treaftuer dated at the Foot thereof.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That no High or Chief Constable shall be appoimed'by the Grand Jury High Confobks of any County, County of a City or County of a Town in Ireland* to be the Collector of any public Money.not to , b* a{v to be raffed within such County, County of a City or Town; or so any Barony or Half Barony, Parish, Co" Townland, District or Division within any County at large; and that no Collector of any public Money, pr0Vif<>a* to who shall have been or shall be appointed by the Grand Jury of any County, County of a City or Town, Grand Junr shall be removed or displaced by any subsequent Grand Jury for Rich County, County of a City or Town, removing Col-unless for reasonable Cause (hown in open Court, and allowed by the Judge at some Assizes fox fuchledo"* County, County of a City or Town rapeftjvely; any Law, Practice or Usage to the contrary in anywise nofwknftftnding.

XXXI. And be it further enacteeh That from and after IBs Commeweement of this Act, the County County Rates Rate m every County in Ireland shall be collectedF-by Two equal Half Yearly Payments*, at such times as

Money preferred at tie several Spring and Summer Afifeer respectWeiy an? coIFedfedy any Law, Usage or p^J, CBt&ew^r Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

57 Geo. III. F f XXXII. Pro-

ai£

Vrorith for Counry and City of Dublin

a6 G. 3. c. 14.

(i)

Certain Affidavit* to be lodged 30 Days previous to presenting Term, .with a&ipg Secretary of Grand Jury. Schedules of such Affidavits prepared and printed for Delivery a I Days before the Term, in the County of Dublin.

Grand Juries may present for Kipedces of preparing and printing such Schedules, on Affidavit of Printer that his Charge b reasonable.

Proviso for Local Ade respecting Court Housev&c.

Commencement of Ad.

C. 107. 57° GEORGII > III, A.D. 1817.

XXXII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be' con-llrued to extend to the County of Dublin or to the County o? the City of Dublin, except only so far as is herein after expressly enacted and provided by this Act.

XXXIII. And Whereas by an Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the Twenty fixthtYear of the Reign

of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for making, widening and repairing public Roads in the County of Dublin, and for repealing Parts of several Acts formerly made for that Purpose; it is enacted, that every

Affidavit to ground a Presentment or to account for Work done, shall be lodged with the Secretary of the«Grand Jury Four Days at lead before the first Sitting Day of each presenting 1Term 5 and it would be of ' great Benefit and Advantage to the said County of Dublin that the said Affidavits should be lodged with the acting Secretary of the Grand Jury of the said County so many Days previous to the first Sitting 1 Day of each presenting Term, that Schedules of such Affidavits might be prepared and.printed for De-

livery to Magistrates and others previous to such Term; Be it therefore enacted, That all Affidavits for

Presentments for forming, levelling, fencing, draining, widening, making, repairing or other wise improving any Road in the County of Dublin, and for the building, repairing or otherwise improving any Bridge, Session House, Gaol or other Mason Work in the County; and also all accounting Affidavits of Overseers appointed from Year to Year to keep the Roads of the said County in Repair and free from Nuisances, shall be lodged Thirty Days.at the dead before the first Sitting Day of each presenting Term* with, the acting Secretary of the Grand Jury of the said County; and such Secretary is hereby required to keep an .Office open for the Purpose, and forthwith after the Receipt of such Affidavits to cause Schedules of <such Affidavits to be prepared and printed, and to be ready for Delivery at his Office. Twenty one clear Days'before the first Sitting Day of each presenting Term, to such Magistrates and Landholders in the said County of Dublin as may apply for the lame; provided that the Number so to be printed shall not exceed One hundred for each Barony in the said County of Dublin (the Baronies of Saint. Sepulchre* s and Donore excepted).

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Grand Jury of the said County of Dublin, and they are hereby authorized and required, at each presenting Term for the said County, to present such Sum or Sums as shall be necessary for defraying the Expences of preparing and printing the said Schedules; provided always, that an Affidavit of the Printer, dating his Charge to be usual and reason-'-able, be first laid before the said Grand Jury at such presenting Term; and that no such Presentment for the preparing such Schedules and printing of such Copies shall be made, unless such printed Copies were .ready for Delivery at the Office of the Secretary Twenty one clear Days before the first Sitting Day of the Term at which such Presentment shall be applied for.

XXXV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to affect or alter any Clauses, Powers or Provisions contained in any special Act or A&r-"of Parliament, relating particularly to the Erection or Maintenance of any Court House, Sessions House or

County House, 'or to any Gaol or Prison in or for any County, or County of a City, or County of a Townr-in Ireland.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and take Effect from the First Day of November One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, and not sooner.

SCHEDULE (A. No. 1.)

FORM of Oath of Magistrates at Quarter Sessions, acting in Execution of this Act.

I A.B. of C.D. do swear, That I am seized and possessed of a Freehold Estate in Fee Simple, or in Fee

Tail, in Possession, of the annual Value of Three hundred Pounds, [or, of a Leasehold Estate of Per-

*petuity, or, for Life or Lives, or, for a Term of Years not less than Twenty Years unexpired, of the annual'

Value of Five hundred Pounds; or, that I am Heir Apparent of E, F. who is seized or possessed of a Free —

hold Estate of the annual Value of Six hundred Pounds, or, of a Leasehold Estate for Life or Lives, or for

a Term of Years not less than Twenty Years unexpired, of the annual Value of One thousand Pounds; and

' that such Estate is situate in the Parish of or, that I am entitled to act as a Magistrate

for the County of the City of or, for the County of the Town of

according to the Charter of Incorporation thereof, [fating the particular Qualification under which such Magistrate shall claim to a3f as the case shall require]; and that in the Execution of an Act made in the Fifty seventh Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled [here insert the Title of this Act-\ I will truly*, ' faithfully and impartially do and perform all such matters and things as I am authorized and required

to do by the said Act, without Favour, Affection, Hatred, Malice or 111 Will, according to the bell of my.

Judgment upon the Information to be laid before me. ' So nelp me GOD*'

SCHEDULE (A. No. 2.)

OATH of County Surveyor.

County: 1 1 having been duly approved Surveyor of the

4 " J County [County of the City, or County of the Town] of do swear*

That I will diligently and faithfully execute the Duty of a Surveyor of the said County [County of a City, or County of a Town^ according to the Rules and Regulations of such Office,; as specified in and by an

A& passed in the Fifty seventh Year of the Reign of King George the T^ird, .intituled [here fetforth the

' ' ' Title

A.D. 1817. 57° GEORGII III. C. 107, 108. 2x9

1 Title of this AdT\; and that I hare not certified apd will not certify* my Opinion upon any public Work

which (halfi be proposed to be executed within this County, or upon any such public Work after it has been executed, without having previously carefully viewed and considered the fame, Conformably to such Certificates respectively; and that in all matters which concern my Duty as Surveyor, I will impartially declare and certify the Truth, the whole Truth and nothing but the Truth; and that in examining the Accounts of public Money expended in the said County, [County of a City or County of a Town] T will execute the Duties by the said Act required truly, diligently and impartially, to the best of my Skill, Knowledge

and Belief, without Favour or Affection, Pique or Partiality; and that I have not received, nor will receive,

1 directly or indirectly, by myself or any other Person, any Fee, Reward, Profit or Advantage, over and above the Payment authorized by Law. So help me GOD.*

CAP. CVIII.

An Act for the Regulation of levying Tolls at Fairs, Markets and Ports in Ireland1

[11th July 1817.]

WHEREAS certain Customs, Tolls and Duties unwarranted by Law have been at sundry times levied W in Ireland: And Whereas it would tend materially to prevent the fame, if a Board or Boards, spe- cifying the separate Customs, Tolls or Duties payable on all Articles sold at any fair or Market, or upon landing the fame at any Port, and the Name or Names of the Person or Persons or Corporation claiming the fame, were publicly exhibited at such Fairs, Markets and Ports Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Act*r First of July One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, all Persons collecting Customs, Tolls or Duties, or p«nted claiming the fame, at any Fair, Market or Port in Ireland, shall erect, affix and keep up, v during the whole ing xoil»^u> he Continuance of such Fair or Market, in some conspicuous Place at each principal Entrance of the fame, and erected at Fairs, the principal Quay or Landing Place at each Port, a painted Board, having thereon a Schedule in large and Markets and legible Characters, specifying distinctly the Custom, Toll or Duty claimed on each and every Article or Ports* thing sold at such Fair or Market, or landed at such Port, and the Names of the Person collecting the fame, and of the Person or Persons or Corporation claiming Right to the fame, so that such Boards may be referred, to and examined by all Persons desirous of so doing.

II. And be it further enacted, That every rerson who shall attempt to collect or levy any Custom, LevyingTolls Toll or Duty, without having previously erected such Boards as aforesaid, or without having kept up the such"8

fame as aforesaid, shall for every Custom, Toll or Duty which he shall attempt to collect or levy, either Boards, in Money or Kind, not being specified on such Boards as aforesaid, or at a time when such Boards shaft not be up as aforesaid, forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Forty Shillings to any Person filing Penalty 4°?* for the same.

IW. Provided always, and be it hereby enacted, That in case it shall appear that the Toll Board or Provisofor Boards shall have been defaced or removed by Violence, then such Collector shall not be liable to such. Boards removed Penalty, unless he shall neglect to reinstate such Boards as soon as the fame may be reasonably done. 10 ence*

IV. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall deface or remove such Board or Boards, or Removing, &c.

shall be engaged in any Riot in which such Board or Boards shall be defaced or removed, shall forfeit Five. B0* pounds to any Person suing for the fame. Penalty <L

V. And be it further enacted, That the Penalties hereinbefore set forth shall be recoverable and re- Penalties how covered, on summary Conviction. of either of the Offences aforesaid, before any Two Magistrates or Justices reco*ere(j. of the Peace of the County, City or Town where such Offence shall be committed, and shall be levied by

Distress under the Warrant of such Magistrates or Justices of the Peace, who are hereby empowered to issue, Distress. the same.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for Persons fq con-Appeal to victed to appeal in the usual manner to the next ensuing Quarter Sessions, where the case shall be. finally Quarter Sessions. determined.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all Persons or Corporations claiming a Right to levy any Custom, Schedules of Toll or Duty at any Fair or Market or at any Port in Ireland, shall and they are hereby required, on or Tolls to he de-before the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, to deliver in to the Clerk of the leered to Clerk Peace of the County, City or Town where such Custom, Toll or Duty may be claimed, a Schedule of the 0 the eace* Tolls, Customs and Duties claimed by such Persons or Corporations on every Article sold at such Fairs or

Markets, or landed at such Ports mr and in default thereof, that it shall not be lawful for any such Persons or Corporations to levy any such Custom, Toll or Duty, or any Person for them; and that such Persons or Corporations, and all Persons attempting to levy any Custom, Toll or Duty for them, shall incur and forfeit such Penalty or Penalties as have been provided by Law against Persons taking illegal Tolls: Provided Proviso for levy-always, that it shall and may be lawful for Persons and Corporations who (ban deliver such Schedules in8 Tolb after after the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, to the Clerk of the Peace as aforesaid, to levy the legal Customs, Tolls and Duties after they shall have delivered in such Schedule as ctl wS* aforesaid.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Clerk of the peace shall keep^Registry of all such Sohe-Clerk of the'

dules, and shall give to every Person or Corporation as aforesaid a Certificate of having registered.such Peace t08, v« Schedule, when such Schedule shall be delivered to him.'

- «'IX.

92Q C* lO&, IO9,

if GEORGII III.

A.D. 1817.

The Subsidy and Alnage of the Old and New Drn|>eries and Woollen Manufactures te cease. 17 & 18 Car. %

(i)

1?*18 Cm. a.

(I)

119 & 10 Car. 2.

<«) , at 5c tt Car. a.

(I)

sod 40 G. 3 (I.)

Provisofor And be it further east&ed* That nothing in thit AA flwU Gntcept as is hereinbefore provided) ex-

Wghu, ftc. of tend} djminish or alter the Rights of Per Coes claiming or paying Customs, Tolls or Duties at such Fairs, Personadaiming Markets pr Ports, or the Penalties to which they may become liable, or their Mode of Redress, otherwise than olk,c* ns the same are at present by Law cftxblished.

CAP. CIX.

An Act to aboHOi the Subsidy and Alnage of the Old and New Draperies, and of all Woollen Manufactures, in Ireland; and to authorize the Payment out of the Consolidated Fund of an Annual Sum to John Lord de Blaquiere, during the Continuance of his Interest in the Office of Alnager. [11th July 1817.]

WHEREAS it is expedient, for the Encouragement of the Woollen Manufactures in Ireland, that 4 W the Subsidy and Alnage of Old and New Draperies, and of all other Woollen Manufactures made, in Ireland, should be abolishea, and that all Regulations relating to the fame and to the said Manufactures should be repealed : May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted 5 and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and immediately after the passing of this Act, the Subsidy and Alnage of the Old and New Draperies, and of all Woollen Manufactures whatever made within Ireland, shall cease, determine and be no longer due or payable; any thing in an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Seventeenth and Eighteenth Years of His late Majesty King Charles the Secoud, intituled An Act for the true malting of all Sorts of Cloth, called the Old Drapery and New Drapery, and the true fearcking and feaTtng thereof by His Majesty's Alnager within this Kingdom, or any other Law, Statute, Usage, Prescription or Custom whatsoever, to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and immediately after the passing of this Act, the said recited Act of the Seventeenth and Eighteenth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, and also an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Nineteenth and Twentieth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the better Regulation of the Woollen Manufacture of this Kingdom; and also an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Twenty first and Twenty second Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for repealing so much of the said recited Acts of the Seventeenth and Eighteenth Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, and of the Nineteenth and Twentieth Years of His present Majesty* Reign, as relates to the New Drapery, Cottons and Stockings; and also an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Fortieth Year of His orefent Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for amending and rendering more effectual several Acts heretofore pajfred in this Kingdom, for the true malting of Woollen Cloth called and known by the Name of Old Drapery, and all Clauses, Powers, Provisions and Regulations in the said Acts or any of them contained, shall be and the same are hereby repealed.

III. And Whereas the Right Honourable John Barou de Blaquiere is, under and by virtue of certain

Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Ireland, bearing Date the Eleventh Day of July One thousand seven hundred and ninety seven, entitled to hold the Office of Alnager in Ireland, to him, his Heirs, Exe-

cutors, Administrators and Assigns, for the Remainder of a certain Term of Forty eight Years, in the said Patent specified and yet to come and unexpired; and all the Fees, Profits and Emoluments of the said Office will immediately after the passing of this Act be entirely put an End to; and it h fitting that ' fonpe Compensation should be made for the Loft of such Fees, Profits and Emoluments; Be it therefore enacted, That, One Annuity or Yearly Rent or Sum of Five hundred Pounds Briltjh Currency shall be ifTqing and payable out of and charged upon the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland (after paying or referring sufficient to pay all such Sum and Sums of Money as have been directed by any former Act or Acts qF Parliament to be paid out of the fame, but with Preference to all other Payments which shall or may hereafter be charged upon or payable out of the said Fund) 5 and the same shall from time to time be paid Quarterly, free and clear of all Taxes and Deductions whatsoever, in manner and Form following; that is to say, to the said John Baron de Blaquiere, his Heirs, Executors, Administrators or Assigns, for and during so much and such Part of the said Term of Forty eight Years as is yet to come and unexpired, which laid Annuity or Yearly Rent or Sum shall commence and take Effect from the Fifth Day of JuU One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, the First Payment to be computed from the said Fifth Day o (July One thousand eight hundred and seventeen until the Tenth Day of OBobtr One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, and from thenceforth shall be paid and payable on the Four usual Days of Payment in the Year, that is to say, the Fifth Day of January, the Fifth Day of April, the Fifth Day of July, and the Tenth Day of 0Sober, in each and every Year, by even and equal Portions 5, and the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland is and are hereby authorized, empowered and required to issue and pay the said Annuity, or to cause the same to be issued and paid from time to time out of the growing Produce of the said Consolidated Fund arising in Ireland, by Four Quarterly Payments in manner aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said Annuity or Yearly Rent or Sum shall be considered as the Emoluments and Profits of the said Office of Alnager during the said Term of Years yet to come and unex-

Sired; and that the Acquittance or Acquittances, Receipt or Receipts of the said John Baron de Blaqutere, is Heirs, Executors, Administrators or Assigns, respectively, shall according to their several and respective Joterefti be good % nd sufficient Discharge and Discharges for the Payment of the said Annuity or Yearly '

Rent

repealed.

Annuity of 500L granted to Lord de Blaq niece O 4 Compenfrtion for the Loft of h^is Office of Afees*, to be paid Quarterly out of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland during the Remainder of hit Interest in the Patent.

Acquittances of de Bla-qoiere, Stci fuffcientDischargee for P«yAent of the Hud Annuity.

221

A.D. 1817.

57° GEORGII III. C. 105, 110.

Rent or Sum of Fire hundred Pounds in manner aforesaid, without any other Warrant to be sued for or obtained in that behalf; and that the said Annuity or Yearly Rent or Sum, and every Part thereof, shall be paid free and dear from all Taxes, Charges and Impositions whatsoever. t

CAP. CX.

An Act to make further Regulations for the better collecting and securing the Duties upon Spirits

distilled in Inland. [11th July 1817.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to make further Regulations for the Collection of the Duties on Spirits«W distilled in Ireland: 9 Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advke and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Commencement of this Act, so mudh of any Act or Acts m force in Ireland, at the time of the passing of this Act, as regulates or defines the Number of Charges of Singlings or Low Wines for the Quantity of Spirits produceable, where from any DistsUer is chargeable with Doty in respect of any Still or Stills used by such Distiller, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed 5 and that from and after the Commencement of this Act every Distiller in Ireland shall, for every Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days during which any Still or Stills in the Distillery of such Dif-riUer shall be chargeable as working under the Regulations or Provisions of any Act or Acts in force in Ireland for the regulating or securing the Collection of the Duties on Spirits distilled in Ireland, be charged with and shall pay Duty Tor such respectire Quantities of Spirits as might be produced according, to the Rates spedfied in any Act or Acts in force from the several Number of Charges of Singlings or Low Wines severally set forth in the Table to this Act annexed, for and in respect of each and every such Still being of the several Contents in the said Table specified and contained, in lieu of the former Charges in respect of such Stills j and that the said Table, and all and every the matters therein specified and contained, shall be deemed and taken to be Part of this Act to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever 5 and that every such Distiller shall, over and above such several Quantities respedhrely, be charged with and shall pay Duty in respect of each and every such Still or 8tills, for as much more Spirits as might be produced, according to the Rates in the said Acts specified, from all Wash, Pot Ale, Low Wines or Singlings which such Distiller shall actually distil within every such Period of Four Weeks of Twenty eight Days, over and above such several Quantities respectively; and the Officer or Officers of Excise shall make a Return of the Quantities of such Spirits, and of the Duties thereon accordingly; and such Distiller shall pay the Duty so charged and returned, under such Rules, Regulations and DirectonS, Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures, as are contained in any Act or Acts in force in Ireland for the regulating or securing the Collection of the Duties on Spirits distilled in Ireland.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That every Distiller who shall be licensed to keep any Still of or under One hundred Gallons Content, and who shall work the fame under the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions and Provisions herein after in this Act mentioned and contained, shall in respect of such Still be chargeable and charged with and shall pay Duty for every such Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days, during which the Still* of such Distiller shall be chargeable as working, for such respective Quantities of Spirits as might be produced, according to the Rates Specified in any Act or Acts in force, from Ninety Charges only of Singlings or Low Wines, for and in respect of such Still, according to the Content thereof 5 any thing in this Act or the Schedule thereto annexed, or in any other Act or Acts to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding; and that every such Distiller shall, over and above the Quantities aforesaid, be charged with and shall pay Duty for as much more Spirits as might be produced, according to the Rates aforesaid, from all Worts, Wash, Pot Ale, Low Wines or Singlings which such Distiller shall actually distil within every such Period of Four Weeks o$ Twenty eight Days, over and above such Quantities aforesaid; and the Officer or Officers of Excise shall make a Return of the Quantity of such Spirits and the Duties thereon accordingly; and such Distiller shall pay the Duty so charged and returned, under such Rules, Regulations and Directions, Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures, as are contained in any Act or Acts in force for the regulating or securing the Collodion of the Duties on Spirits distilled in Ireland.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That whenever any Distiller licensed to keep a Still or Stills under One thousand Gallons Content, and exceeding One hundred Gallons Content, shall insert in the Notice which he is bound by Law to give to the CoHedor, Surveyor and Gauger before he commences or re-commences to work a Still, or shall rive Notice in like manner Six Days before the Expiration of any Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days, during which any Still shall be chargeable as working, that such Distilkr purposes to work any Still or Stills in his Possession during the next facceeding Period with Turf only not charred, and not with Coal or other Fuel than Turf not charred, such Distiller shall for every such Period, during which any such .Still or Stills shall be worked with no other Fuel than Turf not charred, be charged with and pay Duty for such Quantity of Spirits at might be produced (according to the Rates aforesaid), from Fite Sevenths of the Number of Charges of Singlings or Low Wines to which such Still would otherwise be liable 5 and also with Duty for as much more Spirits as might be produced according to the said Races from all Wash, Pot Ale, SingHngs or Low Wines, which such Distiller shall actually distil within such Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days, over and above the Quantity pxoduceable from such reduced Nurobei of Charges of SingHngs or Low Wines as aforesaid: Provided always, that every such Distiller shall also, Six Days previous to the Commencement of any Period during which such Distiller purposes to work any Still or Stills in his Possession with Turf only not chaired, and not with Coal or other Fuel than Turf nof charred, give Notice of such his Intentiba to the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, aftd in Default of giving

dvdry

So much of toy Ad ts regulates the Number of Chaises of Low Wines, See. repealed. Distiller* to pay the Duties for such Quantities of Spirits as might be produced from the Number of Charges of Low Wines specified in Table annexed.

Further Duty in respect of Sails for as much more Spirits as might be produced according to the Rates in the said Acts specified.

Officer of Etcifi^ to make Returns.

DSftQler working under the Regulations of this Act, liable to Ninety Charges only of Singlings or Low Wines ' for each Period of Four Weeks.

Further Duty fores much more Spirits as might be produced at herein mentioned, according to the Rates aforesaid.

Distiller keeping Still of a certain Content to give Notice when be intends to work with Turf only not charred.

Duty in such case hew to be charged.

Notice aho to be given to the Commissionen j

subject to the full Number of

c.

I IO.

57°

GEORGII III.

A.D. 1817.

Charges for every such respective Notice, the Still or Stills of such Distiller so making Default shall be subject and liable

Default. to the fu[i Number of Charges of Singlings or Low Wines for the whole of such Period.

Stills worked I V. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any Still in the Possession of any Distiller shall at

after ivin ^ftuh an7 t*me during any Period in which the Distiller shall have given Notice of working any such Still or Notke, Vco8beUt Stills with Turf only, be worked with any Coal, Coke, charred Turf or other Fuel than Turf not charred,

subject to the every such Still shall be subject and liable to the full Number of Charges of Singlings or Low Wines for

full Number of the whole of such Period, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Charges. V. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Distiller shall have given such Notice that he purposes

Coals, 1. c. found to work any such Still or Stills in his Possession during any Period with Turf only as aforesaid, it shall afte^rNotice of not ^or Distiller to have or keep within his Distillery or any Premises connected therewith,

at any time during such Period, any Coal or any other Fuel than Turf not charred; and if, during any such Period, any Coal or any other Fuel than Turf not charred shall be found within the Distillery of such Distiller, or within any Premises connected therewith, all such Coal or other Fuel shall be forfeited and may be seized, and the Distiller within whose Distillery or other Premises such Coal or other Fuel shall be found, shall forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds; and such Distiller shall also be subject and liable to the full Number of Charges of Singlings or Low Wines for the said Period, for and in respect of every Still in his Distillery, which shall by Law be considered as working, without any Allowance whatever for or in respect of the Use of Turf therein, and as if every such Still had been worked with Coal during such Period.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Distiller licensed to keep any Still of DistiJer heenfed^ or unjer One hundred Gallons Content, to have, keep or make use of any Copper or Vessel, or Coppers or certain*Content Vessris> for warming or boiling Water for brewing Worts, Walh or Pot Ale, which in the whole shall be having Brewing* capable of containing any greater Quantity than after the Rate or in the Proportion of Twenty Gallons for Copper of great- every One Gallon which the Still which such Distiller shall be licensed to keep shall be capable of containing 5 -er Content than and if any such Distiller shall have, keep or make use of any such Copper or Coppers, Vessel or Vessels, u which shall in the whole be of a greater Content than as aforesaid, all and every such Coppar and Vessel

shall be forfeited, and may be seized by auy Officer of Excise; and such Distiller shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds; and it shall be lawful for the Officer who shall seize such Copper or Coppers, Vessel or Vessels, to cause the Contents of the same to be spilled,

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Distiller licensed to keep any Still of or under One hundred Gallons Content, to have, keep or make use of any greater Number of Mafhrog Kieves than One Mashing Kieve, nor any Ma(h Kieve which shall be capable of containing any greater Quantity than after the Rate or in the proportion of Twenty four Gallons for every One Gallon of the Content of the Still which such Distiller shall be licensed to keep; and if any such Distiller shall have, keep or make use of any greater Number of Malhing Kieves than One Maftiing Kieve, or if any such Distiller shall have, keep or make use of any Maftiing Kieve which shall be capable of containing any greater Quantity than after the Rate or in the Proportion of Twenty four Gallons for every One Gallon of the Content of the Still which such Distiller shall be licensed to keep, every such Second or further Maftiing Kieve, and also every Maftiing Kieve which shall be of greater Content than as aforesaid, shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer of Excise, together with any Materials which shall or may be found therein respectively; and every such Difv tiller shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That every Person requiring a Licence, after the Commencement of this Act, to keep a Still of or under One hundred Gallons Content, shall, in the Account which such Person is by Law required to make out, (ign and deliver, before the granting of any such Licence, specify and set forth the true and full Number of Gallons which each and every Copper, and the true and full Number of Gallons which the Mafti Kieve, and also the true and full Number of Gallons which each and every Back or other Vessel to be kept or used by such Distiller for keeping or fermenting any Worts, ! fee. and Back or Walh or Pot Ale, is or are capable of containing, and distinguishing each such Copper, Kieve, Back

Vessel for fer- an(] vessel by the Number thereof respectively 5 and if any such Distiller shall have, keep or make.

use of any Copper or Kieve, or any Back or other Vessel for keeping or fermenting any Worts, Wafti or Pot Ale, of which such Account shall not have been made out, signed and delivered as aforesaid, or of the Number or Content of which any false or untrue Account shall be delivered; or if any Copper or Kieve, or any Back or Vessel for keeping or fermenting Worts, Wash or Pot Ale in the Possession of any such Distiller, shall exceed the Content specified in such Account as being the Content of such Copper, Kieve, Back or Vessel, every such Distiller shall, in each and every of the respective case and cases aforesaid, : and Copper, &c. forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds 5 and every such Copper, Kieve, Back or other Vessel, with thfc Contents forfeited. thereof, shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer of Excise,

Size of each

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Distiller licensed to keep any Still of

£ack for fer- or un{]er One hundred Gallons Content, to have, keep or make use of any one Back or other Vessel for fer-

ffwlTnot^exceed* ment*ng any Worts, Wash or Pot Ale, which shall be capable of containing any greater Quantity than after the Proportion the Rate or in the Proportion of Fourteen Gallons for every One Gallon of the Content of the Still which of 14 Gallons such Distiller shall be licensed to keep; and if any such Distiller shall have, keep or make use of any Back for every Gallon Of other Vessel for fermenting Worts, Walh or Pot Ale of any greater Content than as aforesaid, every Content of the such pistil|er shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds for every such Back or Vessel which shall be of greater Content than aforesaid; and every such Back or Vessel, together with,

all or any Material which the same shall or may contain, shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer

of Excise.

12 X. And

working withTurf, to be forfeited, and

Penalty acol. and subject to full Number of Charges.

Penalty on

herein mentioned.

Such Distiller having more than One Mafli Kieve of certain Content, Forfeiture of Mafli Kieve, and

Penalty 50l. Persons applying for a Still Li. cence to deliver an Account, specifying the true Content of every Copper,

menting Worts,

penalty act.

Still Penalty 50l. and Back, Sec. forfeited.

A.D. 1817. 57° GEORGII III. C.no.'

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Distiller licensed to keep any Still of or under One hundred Gallons Content, to hare, keep or make use of Backs or Vessels for fermenting Worts, Wash or Pot Ale, which altogether shall be capable of containing any greater Quantity than after the Rate or in the Proportion of Eighty four Gallons of Wort, Wash or Pot Ale, for every One Gallon of the Content of the Still which such Distiller shall be licensed to keep; and if any such Distiller shall have, keep or make use of Backs or Vessels for fermenting Worts, Wash or Pot Ale, all of which together shall be of greater Content than as aforesaid, every such Distiller shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds; and all and every such Backs and Vessels shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer of Excise.

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Distiller licensed to keep a Still of or' under One hundred Gallons Content, to have, keep or make use of any greater Number of Under Backs than One Under Back, nor any Under Back which shall be capable of containing any greater Quantity than after the Rate or in the Proportion of Twelve Gallons for every One Gallon of the Content of the Still which such Distiller shall be licensed to keep; and if any such Distiller shall have, keep or make use of any greater Number of Under Backs than one Under Back, or if any such Distiller shall have, keep or make use of any Under Back which shall be capable of containing any greater Quantity than after the Rate aforesaid, such Second or further Under Back, and also every Under Back which shall be of greater Content than as aforesaid, shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer of Excise, together with any Materials which shall or may be found therein respectively; and every such Distiller shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Distiller licensed to keep a Still of or under One hundred Gallons Content, to have or keep in any Cooler any fermented Worts, Wash or Pot Ale, nor shall have or keep therein any other Liquor or Material, save and except Water or Worts, Wafti or Pot Ale not fermented; and if any such Distiller shall havb or keep in any Cooler any fermented Worts, Wash or Pot Ale, or any other Liquor or Material, lave and except Water or Worts, Wafti or Pot Ale not fermented, every such Distiller shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Distiller licensed to keep a Still of or under One hundred-Gallons Content, to have or keep any fermented Worts, Wash or Pot Ale, or any Worts, Wafti or Pot Ale in any Stage or Process of Fermentation, in any Under Back or Cooler, or in any Calk or Vessel, other than and except in the licensed Still of such Distiller, or in such Backs or Vessels for fermenting Worts, Wafti or Pot Ate, and the Still Charger of which Backs, Vessels and Still Charger of which such Account as by Law required shall have been duly given to the Collector of Excise or other Officer in Charge of the Collection of the District; and if any fermented Worts, Wafti or Pot Ale, or any Worts, Wafti or Pot Ale in any Stage or Process of Fermentation, shall be found in, or shall be discovered to have been in any Under Back or Cooler, or in any other Calk or Vessel than such Still or such fermenting Backs and Vessels and Still Charger, every such Distiller in whose Possession any such Worts, Wafti or Pot Ale shall be found, or shall be discovefed to have been contrary thereto, shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds: Provided always that no such Still Charger shall be capable.of containing any greater Quantity than the Still which such Distiller shall be so licensed to keep; and if any Still Charger shall be found in the Possession of such Distiller, which shall be of greater Content than aforesaid, the same shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer of Excise; and the Distiller shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Copper, Kieve, Cooler, Under Back or fermenting Back or Vessel or Still Charger, nor any material the fame may respectively contain, shall be forfeited or liable to Seizure, nor shall any Distiller be liable to any Penalty imposed by this Act in respect thereof, for or by reason of any Excess of Content of such Copper, Kieve, Cooler, Under Back or fermenting Back or Vessel or Still Charger respectively, not being more than Five per Centum above the Content thereof respectively prescribed, limited and appointed by this Act; any thing hereinbefore to the contrary notwithstanding.

XV. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Distiller licensed to keep any Still of

or under One hundred Gallons Content to make any greater Number of Brewings than one Brewing in any one Day; and if any Corn or Grain, malned or unmaftied, shall be found in the Mashing Kieve of any such Distiller at any time between the Hour of Eight of the Clock of the Night of one Day and the Hour of Six of the Clock of the Morning of the next succeeding Day, every such Distiller shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Distiller licensed to keep a Still of or

under One hundred Gallons Content, to make, extract or produce from any one Brewing of Corn or Grain any greater Quantity of Worts, Wafti or Pot Ale, than after the Rate or in the Proportion of Twelve Gallons of Worts, Wafti or Pot Ale, for every One Gallon of the Content of the Still which such Distiller shall be licensed to keep; and if any such Distiller shall make, extract or*produce any greater Quantity of Worts, Wafti or Pot Ale than as aforesaid, every such Distiller shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Distiller having at the time of the passing of this Act a Licence in force to keep a Still of or under One hundred Gallons Conjteqt, shall, after the Commencement of this Act, require a Licence to keep such Still, or a Still of the like Content, and shall be desirous of working the fame, under the Rules, Regulations and Provisions of any Act in force immediately before the Commencement of this Act, for regulating and securing the Collection of the Duties on Spirits distilled in Ireland, save as to the Number of Charges of Singlings or Low Wines for the Quantity of Spirits produceable, where from any Distiller is under the Provisions of the said Act chargeable with Duty for any Period of Four

Weeks

223

Cmtent of Backs, &c. for fermenting Worts, &c. exceeding 84 Gal*. Ions for every Gsllon Content of Still, forfeited, and Penalty tool. Such Distiller* not to make use of more than One Under Back, and that to be in the pro* portion of 12.Gallons to every One Gallon Content.

Under Back, Ar. forfeited, and.Penalty 5cl. Certain Distillers keeping any fermented Worts, Walh or T Pot Ale in any Cooler,

(Exception.) Penalty 5CL

Such Distiller; having any Worts, &c. in any Cask or*Vessel other than licensed Back'and Still,

' Peralty iocf. Having Still Charger of undue Content, forfeited, and Penaky aol.

No Seizure of Copper, &c. on account of their Excess in Content, unless it be more than 5 per'Cent.

Certain Distillers not to brew oftener than Once a Day, Ac/

Penalty 100l. Such Distillers notto make more, Pot Ale, Ice. from any brewing than 12 Gallons for every Gallon Content of Still. Penalty 50l.

Such Distiller requiring a Licence for a Still of 100 Gallons Content, and who shall be-desirous of working under this Act

may have the

Option of so doing, upon con-fenttng to pay for 2po Charges of Singlings per Month.

Hew Distiller to be charged thereupon.

[Proviso.]

Every such Distiller so cou-Tenting! &c. may use UteofiU, though not conformable to Ad.

Treasury may dispense with Regulations of Ad relating to SUe of Distiller*' Vesselft&c end make other Regulations.

Distiller liable to Duty on Deficiency of Spirits in Warehouse,

and to pay the same before Spirits taken out of Warehouse. Duties may be levied by Dtftrtf*.

Distiller not to maintain Action again# Crown on Spirits de-ftroytd by Fire u King's Warehouse; no Duty payable on such Spirits.

Prorifiotu of former Acts re* leting to the Collation of Duties on Spir its

C. 110. 57° GEORGII III. A.D. 1817.

Weeks or Twenty eight Days during which any Still of such Distiller shall be chargeable as workin] shall and may be lawful for such Distiller so to do, with the Leave of the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or any Three of them, upon such Distiller, in his Application to the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes for such Licence, setting forth that he is wiUing and consent a to be chargeable and charged with and pay Duty for a Quantity of Spirits produceabje, according to the Rates specined in any Ad or Act* force, from Two hundrea Charges of Singlings or Low Wines for each and every Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days for which the Still of such Distiller shall be by Law chargeable as working f and thereupon the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or any Three of them, shall and may, if they shall think fit, grant to such Distiller a Licence to keep such StiU, and to work the fame accordingly, specifying in every such Licence the Consent of such Distiller to be chargeable and charged as aforesaid; and thereupon every such Distiller shall, from and after the granting of such Licence, be chargeable and charged with and shall pay Duty for each and every such Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days during which the StiU of such Distiller shall be chargeable as working, for such respective Quantities of Spirits as might be produced, according to the Rates specified in any Act or Acts iu force, from Two hundred Charges of Singlings or Low Wines, for and in respect of such Still, according to the Content thereof; and that every such Distiller, over and above the Quantity aforesaid, HiaU be charged with and shall pay Duty for as much more Spirits as might be produced, according to the Rates adore said, from all Worts, Wash, Pot Ale, Low Wines or Singlings which such Distiller shall actually distil within any such Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days, over and above such Quantities aforesaid; and the Officer or Officers of Excise shall make a Return of the Quantity of such Spirits and the Duties thereon accordingly; and such Distfiler shall pay the Duty so charged and returned, under such Rules, Regulations and Directions, Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures, as are contained in any Act or Acts in force for the regulating or securing the CoUedion of the Duties on Spirits distilled in Ireland.

XVIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That every such Distiller who shall so consent to be chargeable and charged with and shall pay for such Number of Charges as aforesaid, shall and may and he is hereby authorized to have, keep and make use of any Copper, Kieve, Cooler, Under Back or fermenting Back or Vessiri, although the fame may oot be of the proper Dimensions or Content, according to the Regulations of this Act; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that an Account of every such Copper, Kieve, Cooler, Under Back or fermenting Back and Vessel, shall have been duly made out amd delivered to the CoUedor of Excise, or other Officer in charge of the CoUe&ion of the District, and entered and registered in the Excise Office of such District.

And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, when they shall deem it expedient, by Order, in Writing under the Hands of any Three of them, to dispense with all or any of the Regulations in this Act relating to the Size, Dimensions or Contents of Coppers, Kieves, Backs or other Vessels or Utensils, or to the mashing or brewing of any Cora or Grain, or to the nuking, extracting or producing any Worts, Wadi or Pot Ale; and it shall also in like manner lawful for the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to make and issue such other Rules and Regulations for the said Purposes, or any of them, as to the said Commissioners shall seem proper; and all and every such R, ulea and Regulations shall be obeyed and complied with by every such Distiller.

XX. And be it further enacted, That in case the Quantity of any Spirits which shall have been or shall be lodged in any of His Majesty's Warehouses or Stores, shall at any time or by any means faU short or be deficient of the actual Quantity which ought to be or remain warehoused or secured, after allowing for so much and such Part of such Spirits as shall have been delivered for Exportation or Home Consumption, or for Removal to any other of His Majesty's Warehouses or Stores, if any such shall have been so delivered, the Distiller or Proprietor of such Spirits shall be subject and liable to the fuU Duties due and payable upon such Spirits at the time when such Deficiency shall be ascertained, for and in respect of the Quantity so deficient as aforesaid, and shall pay and satisfy the fame before any of the Spirits so warehoused or secured then remaining shall be permitted to be taken out of such Warehouse or Stores, and all such Spirits so remaining shall be subject to the Duties on the Quantity so deficient, and shall and may be sold for Payment of the fame, and of Warehouse Rent and other Charges; and it shall also be lawful for the CoUedor of Excise, or other Officer in Charge of the Collection of the District, to issue his Warrant, andcause to be levied by Distress and Sale the Duties due and owing on the Quantity of Spirits so deficient, in the like maimer and with the like Powers* Authorities and Remedies in all Respects, as any CoUedor of Excise, or other Officer in Charge as aforesaid, is by Law authorized and empowered to^levy or cause to be levied any Duties due by any Distiller.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Spirits warehoused in any of His Majesty's Warehouses or.Stores (bast be destroyed by Fire, it shall not be lawful for the Distiller, Proprietor, or other Person whatever, to claim or demand, or to maintain any Action or Suit against His Majesty, or against the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Inland, or against any Officer or Person employed by or acting under the said Commissioners, for any Compensation or Damages for or on account or by reason of such Spirits having been destroyed by Fire as aforesaid; and no Duty Stall be demanded or paid for any Spirits so destroyed as aforesaid.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Clauses, Rules, Regulations, Providers, Penalties, Forfeitures and Modes of Recovery prescribed, mentioned and contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament in force in Ireland for the regulating or fequxing the Collection of the Duties on Spirits distilled in / Ireland % fbaUbe applied and put in Pra&ioe in the Execution of this Act as fully and effectually to all latent* arid Purposet whatsoever as if all the Clauses, Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Provideos, Penalties and For-

13 futures

A.D. 1817. 57° III. C*iio, hi. 225

feitures contained in the f^d Acts or arty of them, had been expressly repeated and reenacted in this Act, in Ireland and made applicable to the Provisions herein contained, except so far as the same are repealed or altered by extended to this this Act or any other Act or Acts; and that the said Acts and this Act shall be construed together as One A6L Ad to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, so far as the same are compatible or confident with each other, and as the said Acts are amended and altered by this Act.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures inflicted by this Recovery and Ad, shall be paid and recovered in British Currency, and shall and may be sued for and recovered, levied and Application of applied in such manner and Form, and by such Ways and Means, and with such Powers and Authorities as rordineTo* are prescribed, directed and appointed in and by an Act of Parliament made in^ Ireland in the Fourteenth I4*, car. a. and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled An Act for settling (1.)

of the Excise or new Impojl upon His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, according to the Book of Rates therein

inserted; or in and by an Act made in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An 46 G. 3. c.ic6.

Ad to provide for the better Execution of the several Acts relating to the Revenues, matters and things under

the Management of the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, and the Commissioners of Inland Excise and

Taxes in Ireland; or in and by any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland relating to His Majesty's Revenue and any other

of Excise, as fully and effectually to all Intents, Constructions and Purposes, as if the fame were particularly Act in force in

mentioned and expressed and reenacted in this Act, with like Remedy of Appeal to and for the Party or Par*-

ties who shall think'him, her or themselves aggrieved or injured, as in and by the said Acts, or any Ad or

Acts in force in Ireland relating to His Majesty's Revenue of Excise, is provided.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and take Effect from and after the Commencement

Twenty ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and seventeen. of Ad.

TABLE referred to by this Act.

NUMBER of Charges of Singlings or Low Wines for the Quantity of Spirits produceable, wherefrotii any Distiller in Ireland shall be chargeable with Duty within a Period of Four Weeks or Twenty eight Days, in respect of every Still of such Distiller being of the several Contents following 5 (that is to.say, )

CONTENTS OF THE STILL

NUMBER OF CHARGES.

3, ocx> Gallons and upwards. no Charges.

ier 3, 000 and not less than - 2, 750 -3

2, 750 - 2, 500 -5

2, 500 ... - 2, 250 - 121

2, 250 - 2, 000 - 126

2, 000 ... - 1, 750 130

i»75°. - 1, 500 -35

1, 500 - 1, 25043

1, 250 - 1, 000 -54

1, 000 750 -72

750 500 - - 891

500 400 r 218

400 300 - 244

goo - - 200 - 272

200 and exceeding 100 - 3°4

Not exceeding 100, and not left than 44 - 200

CAP. CXI.

An. Ad to suspend, until the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, - Part of the Duties on Sweets or Made Wines. [nth Jhly 1817.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to suspend, for a limited time. Part of the Duties payable on Sweets or Made Wines made in Great Britain; Be it therefore enacted by The Xing's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, ana Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, One Third Part of the Duties of Excise payable on every Barrel of Liquor made in Great Britain for Sale, by Infusion, Fermentation or otherwise, from Fruit or Sugar, or from Fruit or Sugar mixed with any other Ingredients or Materials whatsoever, commonly called Sweets, or called or distinguished by the Name of Made Wines, and so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity, shall be suspended until the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, save and except in all cases relating to the recovering, paying or allowing any Arrears thereof, which may at that time remain unpaid, or to any Fine* Penalty or Forfeiture relating thereto respectively which shall have been incurred at any time before or on the said Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and seventeen.

II.'And be it further enacted, That One Third Part of the Countervailing Duties on Sweets or Made Wines of Irish Manufacture which shall be imported directly from Ireland to Great Britain, shall be suspended during all such time as One Third Part of the said internal Excise Duty on Sweets or Made Wines of British Manufacture shall be suspended under or by virtue of this A A.

57GTO.HI. Gg CAP.

From April 5, 1817, OneThird of the Duties cf Excise payable on Sweets or Made Wine* suspended till 0&. ic, 1819, except Arrears.

One Third of Countervailing Duties on Sweets oftrish Menu, future imported, suspended.

226 Cl 12, 113.

57° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1817.

G.3. c. 31.

§i.

When Money if wanted in Department of Victualling for Payment of Bills, See. Commissioners may apply by Letter to Treasurer of Navy to solicit from Treasury Sums required; such Money to be issued to Bank on Treasurer's Account.

Cap. cm

An Act to amend an Act of the Twenty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for better regulating the Office of Treasurer of His Majesty's Navy, as far as respects the Mode of Applications for certain Services in the Victualling Department. [ 11 th July 1817.]

WHEREAS ky an Act passed in the Twenty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for

Vv regulating the Office of Treasurer of His Majesty's Navy, it is among other things provided, that the Treasurer, in all Memorials presented by him to the Treasury for Naval Services, shall transmit with every Memorial a Copy of the Letter from each of the Naval Boards respectively directing him to apply for the Sums wanted, and shall also date the Balances then in his Hands under each Head of Service

respectively: And Whereas it is expedient that the fame Mode should be adopted in the Victualling De-€ partment as has been established in that of the Commissioners of the Navy since the passing of the before

recited Act of the Twenty fifth Year of His present Majesty Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, andljy the Authority of the same, That from and after the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, as often as Money shall be wanted in the Department of the Commissioners for victualling His Majesty's Navy for Payment of Bills of Exchange, Pensions due to the Widows of Sea Officers, or for General Services, the said Commissioners for victualling His Majesty's Navy for the time being shall and may by Letter apply to the Treasurer of the Navy to solicit from the Treasury such Sum or Sums of Money as will be wanted for the Purposes above mentioned, or any of them, under the Head of General Services only, in which Letter the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required and directed to specify the Balance in the Hands of the Treasurer of the Navy under such Head of General Services as it shall stand on the Day when such Letter shall be written as aforesaid, a Copy of which Letter shall be transmitted by the Treasurer of the Navy for the time being with each and every Memorial to be by him presented to the Treasury for Money for such Services, and in which Memorials the said Treasurer shall pray that such Sums as shall be required by the Commissioners of Victualling may be issued to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England on his Account.

CAP. CXIII.

An Act to prevent the further Circulation of Dollars and Tokens, issued by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for the Convenience of the Public.

[11th July 1817.]

44 G. 3. c. 71.

5 x.3.

51 G.j. c.iio.

Circulation of Bank Dollars and Tokens to cease after March 25, 1818. Afterwards circulating them.

WHEREAS the Governor and Company of the Bank of England did, in and subsequent to the Year One thousand eight hundred and four, for the Convenience of the Public, cause to be coined or stamped, and circulated, a large Quantity of Silver Dollars; and by an Act passed on the Tenth Day of 1 July One thousand eight hundred and four, intituled An Act to prevent the counterfeiting of Silver Coin, issued 1 by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, called Dollar: , and Silver Coins which may he issued by the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, called Tokens; and to prevent the bringing into the 1 United Kingdom or uttering any counterfeit Dollars or Tokens; all Persons counterfeiting the said Dollars, or uttering or vending the fame when so counterfeited, were subjected to the Punishment in the said Act specified: And Whereas the said Governor and Company did, in and subsequent to the Year One thousand eight hundred and eleven, with the Approbation of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council, and under the Authority of an Act passed on the Twenty sixth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eleven,

intituled An Act to prevent the counterfeiting of Silver Pieces denominated Tokens, intended to be issued and cir- culated by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for the respective Sums of Five Shillings and Sixpence* Three Shillings, and One Shilling and Sixpence; and to prevent the bringing into the Kingdom or uttering any such counterfeit Pieces or Tokens, issue and circulate, for the further Convenience of the Public, a 4 Quantity of Silver rieqes called Tokens, for the respective Sums of Three Shillings, and One Shilling and Sixpence; and by the said last mentioned Act all Persons counterfeiting the said Tokens, or uttering or vending the fame when so counterfeited, were subjected to certain Punishments thereby imposed: And Whereas, in consequence of the recent Circulation of the new current Silver Coin, it becomes unnecessary any longer to continue the said Dollars and Tokens in Circulation, and it is expedient to prohibit the further Circulation thereof, after a time to be limited* Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, the said Dollars and Tokens shall no longer pass or circulate, or be received in Payment or Exchange, or other wise howsoever; and that in case any Person or Persons shall from and after the said Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, utter, offer or tender in Payment, or give in Exchange, or pass, circulate or put off, any such Dollar or Tokens, whether the Value thereof shall be paid or given in Money or Goods, or in any other manner whatsoever, every Person so offending, and being thereof convicted upon the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace acting for the County, Riding, City or Place within which such Offence shall be committed, shall for every such Dollar or Token so uttered, offered, tendered in Payment, given in Exchange, or passed, circulated or put off, contrary to the Prohibition hereinbefore contained*

A.D. 1817« 57° GEORGII III. C. 113. 227

tained, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings, at the Discretion of Penalty, the Justice or Justices of the Peace who shall hear and determine such Offence: Provided that nothing in this But they may Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to prevent any Person or Persons from presenting any be presented at such Dollars or Tokens for Payment to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or at any time the Bank till before the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty, or to any of their Officers or Ser-fold m

vants, or to discharge or excuse the said Governor and Company from their Liability to pay the same before^silver? the said Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty: Provided also, that nothing herein contained shall restrain or prevent any Person or Persons after the Twenty fifth Day of March next from felling or disposing of any such Dollars or Tokens as aforesaid as old Silver according to the Weight thereof at the current Price of Silver, and without regard to the nominal or current Value at which the same shall have been circulated.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Justice or Justices of\he Peace acting for the Juilicts of Peace County, Riding, City or Place within which any Offence against this Act shall be committed, to hear and de- empowered to termine the fame in a summary Way \ and such Justice or Justices, upon any Information exhibited, or Com- offenVeT" plaint made upon Oath in that behalf, shall summon the Person or Persons accused, and also the Witnesses on

either Side, and.(h&ll examine into the Matter of Fact, and upon due Proof made thereof, either by the voluntary Confession of the Person or Persons accused, or by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, which Oath such Justice or Justices is or are hereby authorized to administer, shall convict the Offender or Offenders, and adjudge the Penalty for such Offence.

III. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall be summoned as a Witness to give Evidence Witnessesnot before such Justice or Justices, either on the Part of the Informer or Prosecutor, or of the Person or Persons attending, accused, and shall neglect onrefufe to appear at the time or Place to be for that Purpose appointed, without

a reasonable Excuse for such his Neglect or Refusal, to be allowed by such Justice or Justices, then such Person shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Twenty Pounds, to be levied and paid in such manner Penalty aoL and by such means as are dirpded for Recovery of other Penalties under this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Justice or Justices before whom any Offender or Offenders, Wit- Form of Gunnels or Witnesses, shall be convicted as aforesaid, shall cause the said Conviction to be made out in the manner viction. and Form following; (that is to say, )

JJE It remembered, That on the Day of in the Year of our Lord

A.B. having appeared before me for us] one [or more] of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace 4 [as the case may he] for the County, Riding, City or Place [as the case may he'] and due Proof having

been made upon Oath by One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or by Confession of the Party [ox

the case may be] is convicted of [specifytnike Offence.] Given under my Hand and Seal, [or our Hands and Seals ] the Day and Year aforesaid/

Which Conviction the said Justice or Justices shall cause to be returned to the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace of the County, Riding, City or Place where such Conviction was npade, to be filed by the Clerk of the Peace, to remain and be kept among the Records of such County, Riding, City or Place.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Clerk of the Peace for any County, Riding, City or Place, and he is hereby required, upon Application made to him by any Person or Persons for that Purpose, to cause a Copy or Copies of any Conviction or Convictions, filed by him under the Directions of this Act, to be forthwith delivered to such Person or Persons, upon Payment of One Shilling for every such Copy.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the pecuniary Penalties and Forfeitures hereby incurred and made payable upotl any Conviction against this Act, shall be forthwith paid by the Person or Persons convicted, as follows; One Moiety of the Forfeiture to the Informer, and the other Moiety to the Poor of the Parish or Place where the Offence shall be committed; and in case the Person or Persons so convicted shall refuse or neglect to pay the same, or to give sufficient Security to the Satisfaction of such Justice or Justices, to prosecute any Appeal against such Conviction, such Justice or Justices shall, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, cause the same to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels, together with all Costs and Charges attending such Distress and Sale, returning the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners; and which said Warrant of Distress the said Justice or Justices shall cause to be made out in the manner and Form following; (that is to say, )

WHEREAS A.B. of in the County of is this Day convicted before me

4 [or us] one [or more] of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace [as the case may be] for the County of [or for the Riding of the County of York] [or for the Town, Liberty or

District of as the case may be] upon the Oath of or?

4 a credible Witness or Witnesses [or by Confession of the Party, as the case may be] for that the said A.B. hath [here set forth the Offence] contrary to the Statute in that case made and provided, by reason whereof the said A.B. hath forfeited the Sum of to be distributed as herein is mentioned,

which he hath refused to pay: These are therefore in His Majesty's Name to command vou to levy the said Sum of by Distress of the Goods and Chattels of him the said A.B.j and if within the Space of Days next after such Distress by you taken, tho £aid Sum, together with the reasonable Charges of taking the same, shall not be paid, then that you do fell the said Goods and Chattels so by you distrained, and out of the Money anfing by such Sale, that you do pay One Half

G g 2 4 of

Clerk of the Peace to give Copies.

Fee.

Penalties hovr levied and applied.

Appeal.

Form of Warrant of Distress.

Secuikies taken for Appearance of Offenders,

ly way of Recognizance.

Offendei s committed for Want of Distress.

Appeal on Notice.

Recognisance.

Notice not less than Eight Days before Trial

Colls.

Final.

Parill.ioners may be Witnesses.

ConviCliors not removed by Certiorari.

Limitation of Actions.

General HTue.

[Treble Costs.]

S-(5-3. c. lift

continued.

C. 113, 114. 57° GEORGII III. A.D. 1817.

of the said Sum of to*of who informed me

[or us, as the cafeJbatt be] of the said Offence, and the other Half of the said Sum of

to the Overseer of the Poor of the Parish, Township or Place where the Offence wag committed, to be employed for the Benefit of such Poor, returning the Overplus (if any) upon Demand to the said A.B.

1 the reasonable Charges of taking, keeping and felling the said Distress, being first deduced; and if fuf-

ficient Distress cannot be found of the Goods and Chattels of the said A.B. whereon to levy the said Sum of that then you certify the same to me [or us, at the case shall be] together with this

1 Warrant. Given under my Hand and Seal [or, Hands and Seals] the Day of

in the Year of our Lord

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices to Order such Offender or Offenders to be detained in safe Custody, until Return may conveniently be had and made to such Warrant of Distress, unless the Person or Persons so convicted shall give sufficient Security, to the Satisfaction of such Justice or Justices, for his, her or their Appearance before the said Justice or Justices on such Day as shall be appointed by the said Justice or Justices For the Day of the Return of the said Warrant of Distress (such Day not exceeding Five Days from the taking of such Security), which Security the said Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered to take by way of Recognizance or otherwise.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if upon such Return no sufficient Distress can be had, then and in such case the said Justice or Justices shall and may commit such Offender or Offenders to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the County, Riding, Division, City or Place where the Offence shall be committed, for the Space of Three Calendar Months, unless the Money forfeited shall be sooner paid, or unless or until such Offender or Offenders, thinking him, her or themselves aggrieved by such Conviction, shall give Notice to the Informer that he, she or they intend to appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the County, Riding, Division, City or Place wherein the Offence shall be committed, and shall enter into Recognizance before some Justice or Justices with Two sufficient Sureties conditioned to try such Appeal, and to abide the Order of and pay such Costs as shall be awarded by the Justices at such Quarter Sessions; which Notice of Appeal being given not less than Eight Days before the Trial thereof, the Person or Persons so aggrieved is or are hereby empowered to give; and the said Justices at such Sessions, upon due Proof of such Notice being given as aforesaid, and of the entering into such Recognizance, shall hear and finally determine the Causes and Matters of such Appeal in a summary Way, and award such Costs to the Parties appealing or appealed against as they the said Justices shall think proper; and the Determination of such Quarter Sessions shall be final, binding and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes.

IX. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be disabled from being a Witness in any Prosecution for any Offence against this Act by reason of his being an Inhabitant of the Parish, Township or Place wherein such Offence was committed.

X. Provided always, That no Proceedings to be had touching the Conviction or Convictions of any Offender or Offenders against this Act shall be quaffied or vacated for Want of Form, or be removed by Writ of Crr-tiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or elsewhere.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any thing done or transacted in pursuance of this Act, then and in every such case such Action or Suit shall be commenced or prosecuted within Three Calendar Months next after the Fad committed, and not afterwards; and the fame and every such Action or Suit shall be brought within the County where the Fad was committed, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action or Suit shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act 5 and if the same shall appear to have been so done, or if any such Action or Suit shall be brought after the time limited for bringing the same, or be brought or laid in any other Place than as afore mentioned, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or discontinue his, her or their Action after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the Recovery thereof as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in any other cases by Law.

CAP. CXIV.

An Act to continue, until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, Two Acts of His present Majesty, allowing the bringing of Coals, Culm, and Cinders to London and Westmitijler. [ 11 th July 1817.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled

An Act to allow, until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and eleven, the bringing of Coals, Culm and Cinders to London and Westminster by Inland Navigation, which was continued by leve- ral subsequent Acts until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and seventeen; and it is expedient that the Ad should be further continued Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act shall be and the fame is hereby further continued from the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and eighteen.

A.D. 1817» 57° GEORGII ' III. C. 114, 115.

II. And Whereas by an Act passed in the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for allowing, under certain Refridions, until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and six, the bringing a limited Quantity of Coals, Culm or Cinders to London and Westminster, by Inland Navigat ion, certain Duties were imposedon all Coals, Culm or Cinders brought along the Grand Junction or Paddington Canals nearer to London than the Stone or Post thereby required to be erected and maintained, on or

near to the Towing Path of the said Grand Junction Canal, at or near the North East Point of Grove Park, and contiguous to the Wharf then in the Possession and Occupation of the Earl of Clarendon: And Whereas the Amount of the said Duties was altered by Three Acts of the Forty sixth, Forty seventh and Forty eighth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty: And Whereas by Schedule A, annexed to an Act passed in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for repealing the several Duties of Customs chargeable in Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof, other Duties are imposed in lieu thereof upon the said limited Quantity of Coals, Culm and Cinders under the Conditions, Regulations

and restrictions of the said first recited Act: And Whereas the said recited Acts were further continued by several subsequent Acts until the First Day of Attgujl One thousand eight hundred and seventeen: And Whereas it is expedient that the said Acts should be further continued 5* Be it therefore enacted, That the said first rented Act of the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, so far as the fame relates to the Conditions, Regulations and restrictions under which the said limited Quantity of Coals, Culm, and Cinders may be brought within One Year by the said Grand Junction and Paddington Canals nearer to London than the said Stone or Post, and the said recited Act of the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty regarding the Amount of the Duties chargeable thereon and the Appropriation thereof, shall be and the same are hereby further continued until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and eighteen.

CAP. CXV.

An Act to extend the Provisions of an Act of the Twelfth Year of His late Majesty King George the First, and an Act of the Twenty second Year of His late Majesty King George the Second, against Payment of Labourers in Goods or by Truck, and to secure their Payment in the lawful Money of this Realm, to Labourers employed in the Manufacture of Articles made of Steel, or of Steel and Iron combined, and of Plated Articles, or of other Articles of Cutlery.

r [11th July 1817.]

WHEREAS the pernicious Practice of paying the Wages of Labourers concerned in th; Woollen 4 y, Trade in Goods was by the Provisions of an Act of the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the First, intituled An Act to prevent unlawful Combinations of Workmen employed in the Woollen Manufactures, and for better Payment of their Wages, prohibited by certain Regulations and under certain Penalties therein enacted: And Whereas, though the Provisions of this Act were extended by the Act of the Twenty second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for the more effectual preventing of Frauds and Abuses committed by Persons employed in the Manufacture of Hats, and in the Woollen, Linen, Fustian, Cotton, Iron, Leather, Fur, Hemp, Flax, Mohair and Silk Manufactures; and for preventing unlawful Combinations of Journeymen Dyers and Journeymen Hot Prefers, and of all Persons employed in the said several Manufactures, and for the better Payment of their Wages; yet the Security thereby given, for the Receipt of their Wages in Money, is in neither of these Acts extended to labouring Men employed in the Manufacture of Articles made of Steel, or of Steel and Iron combined, and of Plated Articles, or of other Articles of Cutlery: And Whereas great Injury and Loss have arisen to labouring Men employed in the Manufacture of Articles made of Steel, or of Steel and Iron combined, and of Plated Articles or of other Articles of Cutlery, from being paid their Wages in Goods, or by way of Truck, or otherwise than in the lawful Coin of this Realm Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Provisions of the aforesaid Act of the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the First, which prohibits the Payment of the Wages of Persons employed in the Woollen Manufacture in Goods, and to secure the Payment of every Part of their Wages in good and lawful Money of this Kingdom, be extended to Labourers employed in the Manufacture of Articles made of Steel, or of Steel and Iron combined, and of Plated Articles or of other Articles of Cutlery.

II. And be it further enacted, That all the Provisions of the said Act, to facilitate the Labourers in the Woollen Trade recovering the Wages for which they have stipulated, or to which they are ehtitled, as well as the Provisions imposing a Penalty on Masters paying Labourers in Goods, be extended to Persons employed in the Manufacture of Articles made of Steel, or of Steel and Iron combined, and of Plated Articles, or of other Articles of Cutlery, in as full and ample a manner as if they had been enumerated in the aforesaid Act; and that all Remedies, Penalties, Modes of Recovery, Powers and Privileges, and all other matters and things therein for these Purposes contained, be and they are hereby extended to Parties concerned in such Manufactures or connected therewith.

229

45 G. 3. c.isS.7-

49O.3. c.jf.

45 G. 3. c. 1*8.o far as relates to Coals being brought by the Canal, and 49 G. 3.C. 98. respecting the Duty, continued,

1*0. i. c. 34.

aa G. 2. c. 17.

Provisions of ia G. 1. c. 34. extended to La. boorers employed in the Manufacture of Articles made of Steel, Arc.

Provisions in aaG. a. c. 7. applicable to this Act.

3° C. 116.

7° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1817.

50 G. 3. c. 64.

§*.

Conditions of loch Bond (halt be to produce Certificate within Two instead of Three Months.

1

I Elix. c.n. $ 2.

Goods may be taken on board Vessels before and until Sunset from 30th Sept, to the ift of March in any Year.

52 G. 3. 0.142.

Ji.

Collectors, &c. at any Port other than London, may permit Goods to be removed from one Warehouse to another in any Port of G. B. (except the Port of London) under such Regulations as Treasury may deem necessary, subject to 52 G. 3. c. 14a.

CAP. CXVI.

An Act for limiting the time now allowed by Law for Production of the Certificate of due Delivery of Goods removed from one Warehousing Port in Great Britain to another for the Purpose of Exportation; for altering the Hours for Shipping Goods in the Port of London; and to empower Officers of the Customs and Excise to permit the Removal of Goods from one Bonding Warehouse to another in the fame Port.

[1 xth July 1817.]

WHEREAS an Act passed in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to permit the Removal of Goods, Wares and Merchandize from the Port in Great Britain where first

warehoused to any other Warehousing Port for the Purpose of Exportation, whereby it is provided, that on the Removal of Goods from any Warehouse where they have been lodged or deposited under the Regulations

of certain Acts of Parliament therein recited or mentioned, to any other Port of Great Britain, for the Purpose of being exported from such Port, Bond shall be entered into with Condition to produce a Certificate

that the Goods have been delivered within Three Months from the Date of the Bond: And Whereas it is

expedient to limit the time for producing such Certificate Be it therefore enacted by The Ring's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the First Day of September One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, the Conditions of every Bond given for the truly delivering any such Goods, Wares and Merchandize under the said Provision of the said recited Act, shall be to produce the Certificate of such Delivery within Two Months from the Date of the Bondr instead of Three Months as required by the said in part recited Act; any thing in the said recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

*11. And Whereas by an Act passed in the First Year of the Reign of Her late Majesty Queen Elizabeth, «intituled An Act limiting the times for laying on Land Merchandize from beyond the Seas, and touching 1 Customs for Sweet Wines, it is provided, that no manner of Person or Persons mall receive or take into any 1 Ship, Crayer or other Vessel, any Goods, Wares or Merchandize (except as therein before excepted), to be

transported into ahy Place beyond the Sea, by way of Merchandize, at any other Hour or time than from the last of September until the First of March, between the Hours of Seven in the Morning and Four at

the Afternoon: And Whereas it is expedient to permit Goods which have been put off from the Quays in the Port of London within the legal Hours to be received on board the exporting Vessels until Sunset within the Period herein after mentioned; Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons to receive or take, at any time before and until Sunset, from the Thirtieth Day of September to the First Day of March in each Year, into any Ship or Vessel bound to Parts beyond the Seas, any Goods, Wares or Merchandize which may be lawfully exported, and which have been put off or water-borne from any Quays in the Port of London, according to Law, within the legal Hours for putting off the fame i any thing in the said recited Act, or any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

III. And Whereas by 'an Act passed in the Fifty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to permit the Removal of Goods from one Bonding Warehouse to another in the fame Port, it is enacted, that it shall and may be lawful for the Importer, Proprietor or Consignee of any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, which have been or may be lodged or deposited in any Warehouse or Warehouses or otherwise secured under the Regulations of certain Acts (therein particularly mentioned), to remove any such Goods, Wares or Merchandize from the Warehouse or Place wherein or at which the fame may have been first deposited or otherwise secured in the Port of London, or any other Port in Great Britain, under the Regulations of the said Acts or either of them, to any other Warehouse or Place in the fame Port wherein or at which the like Articles are allowed to be warehoused or otherwise secured, provided that Permission for that Purpose shall have been previously obtained from the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs in England or Scotland (as the case may be), and also from the Commissioners of Excise in England or Scotland (as the case may be), if such Goods, Wares or Merchandize to be removed shall be subject to any Duty of Excise, and that the Removal takes place at the Ri(k and Expence of the Importer, Proprietor or Consignee, under such Regulations as the said Commissioners respectively may deem necessary for the Security of the Revenue: And Whereas it would afford greater Dispatch if the several Collectors and Comptrollers of the Customs and Excise respectively at the several Ports in Great Britain, other than the Port of London, were empowered to permit Goods, Wares and Merchandize to be removed from the Warehouse or Plape wherein or at which the fame may have been first deposited or otherwise secured under the Regulations of the said Acts or either of them, to any other Warehouse or Place in the fame Port wherein or at which the like Articles are allowed to be warehoused or otherwise secured* Be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Collectors and Comptrollers of the Customs and of the Excise (in cases where that Revenue is concerned) at any of the Ports in Great Britain, other than the Port of London, to permit any Goods, Wares or Merchandize to be removed from the Warehouse or Place wherein or at which the fame may have been first deposited or otherwise secured, at any of the Ports in Great Britain, other than the Port of London, under the Regulations of the said Acts or either of them, to any other Warehouse or Place in the fame Port wherein or at which the like Articles are allowed to be warehoused or otherwise secured, under such Regulations as may be deemed necessary by the Lord High Treasurer or the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, for the Security of the Revenue, and subject to all the Provisions, Powers, Authorities, Penalties, Forfeitures, Regulations, Restrictions, Acts, matters and things contained in the aforesaid recited Act passed in the Fifty second Year of His present Majesty's Reign.

12 CAP.

C.

A.D. 187. S76 GEORGII III. C. 117. 33*

Cap. cxvii.

An Act to regulate the issuing of Extents in Aid. £1 ith July ffi 7.3

WHEREAS Extents in Aid have in many cases been iiTned for the levying and recovering of larger«W Sums of Money than were due to His Majesty by the Debtors on whose behalf such Extents were

issued, and it is expedient to prevent such Practice in future; and in other cases Extents in Aid have been ' issued at the Instance and for the Benefit of Persons indebted to His Majesty by Simple Contra ft only Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That upon the issuing of every Extent in Aid, on behalf of any Debtor to His Ma- Amount of jesty, after the passing of this Act, His Majesty's Court of Exchequer at Westminster, or the Chancellor Debt duo to tho of His Majesty's Exchequer, or Lord Chief Baron or other Baron of the said Court, granting the Fiat ClT!11

for the issuing of such Extent in Aid, shall cause the Amount of the Debt or Sum of Money due or churned to be due to His Majesty to be stated and specified in the said Fiat; and that in all cases in which upon the Debt or Debts found due to the Debtor to His Majesty shall be equal to or exceed the Debt stated and Writ, as the specified in the said Fiat as aforesaid, the Amount of the Debt so stated and specified in the said Fiat shall Sum to bt levied be indorsed upon the Writ, and the Writ so indorsed shall be deemed to be and be the Authority and ty^8* Direction to the Sheriff or other Officer who shall execute such Writ, in making his Levy and executing the fame, as to the Amount to be levied and taken under the said Writ; and that in all cases in which Regulation the Debt or Debts found due to the Debtor to His Majesty shall be of less Amount than the Debt when stated and specified in the said Fiat as aforesaid, the Amount of such Debt or Debts found due to such

Debtor to His Majesty shall be indorsed upon the Writ, and the Writ so indorsed shall be deemed to be fp^ed in Fiat, and be the Authority and Direction to the Sheriff or other Officer who shall execute the said Writ, in^making his Levy and executing the fame, as to the Amount to be levied and taken under the said Writ; and that the Money levied, taken, recovered or received under or by virtue of every such Extent in Aid so prosecuted and issued, shall be, by Order of the said Court, paid over to and for His Majesty's Use, towards Satisfaction of the Debt so due to His Majesty as aforesaid.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in every case in which the Sum produced by the Sale If any Overplus

of any Lands, Goods or Chattels taken, or by the Receipt of any Sum of Money by any Sheriff or other of Money pro-Officer under any such Writ of Extent, for the purpose of levying the Amount or Sum of Money indorsed Sale of

upon the Back of the Writ, shall be more than sufficient to satisfy the Amount of the Sum so indorsed Q^n\0 dispose upon the Writ, such Overplus shall be paid into the Court of Exchequer, together with the said Amount of it upon sum-indorsed upon the said Writ; and the said Court shall, upon any summary Application or Applications, make mary Applica-such Order, for the Return, Disposal or Distribution of any such Surplus, or any Part or Proportion there- tion.

of, as to the said Court shall appear to be proper.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained, and no Seizure of Not to prejudice

any Debt into the Hands of His Majesty, or Part Recovery or Payment of such Debt, or other Proceeding the Debtor to had under or in pursuance of this Act, or in relation to the applying for, obtaining or executing any such ^in" the

Writ, or disposing of any such Overplus, shall affect or in any manner prejudice, either at Law or in Equity, ^m^ndero* any Right, Claim or Demand of the Person or Persons to whom such Debt shall have been due or owing* any Debt, when seized into His Majesty's Hands, or his or their Assignee or Assignees, or Executor or Executors, or Administrator or Administrator6, as to the remaining Part of such Debt, or as to the suing any Person or Persons against whom any such Writ shall have issued, or whose Lands or Goods shall have been seized or taken under any such Writ, for the Residue or remaining Part of such Debt, or as to the Recovery of or receiving any Residue'or remaining Part of any Debt so seized or in Part levied, recovered or paid, or any further or other Debt seized or sued for under or by virtue of any such Extent, but still remaining due and unpaid, either in the Whole or in Part 5 but that it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons as aforesaid, his or their Assignee or Assignees, Executor or Executors, or Administrator or Administrators, to demand, sue for, and recover the Remainder of any such Debt so seized, or any other Debt or Debts, by the like Process and in the same manner as if no such Extent in Aid had issued 5 any thing contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament, or Law or Laws, to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act it shall not be lawful for any Extents in Aid Person or Person, Companies or Societies of Persons, Corporate or not Corporate, who shall or may be in- no*to debted to His Majesty by Simple Contract only 5 nor for any such Person or Persons, Companies or So-

cieties, who shall or may be indebted to His Majesty by Bond for answering, accounting for, and paying any DdLors to the particular Duty or Duties, or Sum or Sums of Money, which shall arise or become due and payable to His Crown, or by Majesty from such Person or Persons, Companies or Societies respectively, for and in respect and in the Course Bond as herein of his or their particular Trades, Manufactories, Professions, Businesses or Callings; nor for any Sub Distri- mentioned, butor of Stamps who shall have given Bond to His Majesty; nor for any Person who shall have given Bond "£* m cerlain to His Majesty, either jointly or separately, as a Surety only for some other Debtor to His Majesty, until ca cs* such Surety shall have made Proof of a Demand having been made upon him on behalf of His Majesty, in consequence of the Non Performance of the Conditions of the Bond by the Principal, and then only to the Amount of the said Demand 5 to sue out and prosecute any Extent or Extents in Aid, by reason or on account of any stich Debt or Debts to His Majesty respectively, for the Recovery of any Debt or Debts due to such Person or Persons, Companies or Societies, or to such Sub Distributor of Stamps or Surety as aforesaid; and that all and every Commission and Commissions to find Debts, Extent and Extents in Aid, and

iji C. 117, 118. 57° GEORGII III. A.D. 1817.

other Proceedings which shall be so issued or instituted at die Instance of or for such Simple Contract or Bond Debtor or Debtors respectively, and all Proceedings thereupon, shall be null and void: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to preclude or prevent any Persons who shall or may become Debtor or Debtors to His Majesty by Simple Contract only, by the Collection or Receipt of any Money arising from His Majesty's Revenue for His Majesty's Use, from applying for And filing' out any Commission or Commissions, Extent or Extents in Aid, in case one or more of such Persons shall be bound to His Majesty by Bond or Specialty of Record in the said Court of Exchequer, for answering, securing, paying over Or accounting for to His Majesty, the particular Duties or Sums of Money winch shall constitute the Debt that may be To then due from such Person or Persons to His Majesty; any thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Extent in Aid V. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That no Extent in Aid shall be issued on any °" Bond giyen by any Person or Persons as a Surety or Sureties for the paying or accounting for any Duties for Infurencety may become due to His Majesty from any Body, or Society, whether incorporated or other wise,

Companies, &c. carrying on the Business of Insurance against any Risques either of Fire or of any other Kind whatever.

Persons impri-

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons who may foned under now or who shall hereafter be imprisonred under or by virtue of any Writ of Capias in any Extent or Extents i^Ext0ent»aina#n to aPPty to Barons of His Majesty's Court of Exchequer in England or Scotland, or to any Aid.Vay apply Baron of the fame Court in Vacation, for his, her or their Discharge, giving One Month's previous Notice in to the Courts of Writing to the Person or Persons to whom he, she or they owed the Debt or Sum or Sums of Money for Exchequer in which he, she or they is or are so imprisoned, at the time such Debt was feifced under such Extent in Aid, England or of hi8> her or their Intention to make such Application, and dating such Notice the Ground of such Appli-

t^afy/hr cation, and an Enumeration and Description of all and every the Property* Debts and Effects whatsoever of

1C arse* such Person or Persons in his, her or their own Possession or Power, or in the Possession or Power of any other Person or Persons for his, her or their Use; and for the said Court, or any such Baron in Vacation to whom such Application shall be made, to order such Person or Persons to be brought before them or him to be examined upon Oath touching and concerning his, her or their Property and Eftefts; and if such Person or Persons respectively shall upon such Examination make a full Disclosure of all his, her or their Property and Effects, to the Satisfaction of the said Court or Baron, or it shall otherwise appear reasonable and proper Court m«y order to such Court or Baron that such Person or Persons should be no longer imprisoned under such Writ, for such Court or Baron to order a Writ of Superfcdcas quoad Corpus to be issued out of the said Court for the Liberation of such Person or Persons from such Imprisonment: Provided always, that no such Liberation as aforesaid shall be held or deemed to satisfy or supersede such Extent in Aid or any Proceedings thereon, except as to such Imprisonment as aforesaid, or the Debt or Debts seized under and by virtue thereof, and for which such Person or Persons shall be so imprisoned.

CAP. CXVIII.

writ ot buper-fedeas quoad Corpus.

49 G-3- c.x»3*

Executors, &c. of deceased Agents, wher« an Order has been eiven for the Payment of Prise Money, may receive the same on taking out a Licence. '

Licence to be in force Three Yon.

An Act for authorizing the Executors or Administrators of deceased licensed Navy Agents to re- ceive Prize Money, Bounty Money and other Allowances, of Money upon Orders given to such deceased Agents. [ 11 th July 1817.]

WHEREAS Difficulties have arisen respecting the Receipt of Prize Money, Bounty Money and other Allowances of Money due to Petty Officers and Seamen, Non Commissioned Officers of Marines and Marines, in cases of the Death of Agents licensed in pursuance of an Act of Parliament passed in the*Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to explain and amend an Act> made*in the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty, for the Encouragement of Seamen, and for the better and more ejffedually Manning His Majesty's Navy during the present War; ayd for the Encouragement of Sea- men; and for the better and more effectually providing for the IntereJl of the Royal Hospital for Seamen ai 1 Greenwich, and the Royal Hospital for Soldiers at Chelsea; and to extend the Provisions of the said Act to*cases arising in consequenet of Ho/lilities commenced Jtnce the pq/sing of the said Act / Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act it shall and may be lawful for the Executors or Administrators of such deceased licensed Agents, ffuch Executors or Administrators having first duly obtained Probate of the Wills or obtained Letters of Administration to the Effects of such Agents, ) upon any Order given to such Agents in their Lifetime for the Payment of any Prize Money, Bounty Money or other Allowances of Money therein mentioned, to receive the same by such Order in like manner as the Agents when living could havfe done 1 Provided always, that every such Order shall continue revocable at Pleasure, as before the passing of this Act, by the Person making the same: Provided also, that such Executors or Administrators shall, before they shall receive any Part of such Prize Money, Bounty Money or other Allowances of Money, take out a Licence for that Purpose from the-Treasurer of His Majesty's Navy for the time being, who is hereby authorized and empowered to grant the fame on good and fumcient Security (to be approved by the said Treasurer) being given by Bond, as in the case of Licences to Agents to receive any Wages, Pay, Prize Money, Bounty Money or other Allowances of Money, and for which Licence the like Payment shall be made, and the Money received for the same shall be paid over in like manner as in the case of the said other Licences; and which Licences so to be taken out by such Executors or Administrators shall be in force for the Space of Three Years from the Date thereof, and be revocable by the Treasurer of His Majesty's Navy as in the case of the said other Licences.

A.D. 1817. 57° GEORGII III. C. 118, 119.

II. And Whereat it U expedient that the Tt'eaforek of Hk MajestyNavy for the thne being shouSMr

authorized to revoke Licences granted toPerfefls to receive Pay, Prize Money, Bounty Meaty and othek Allowances of Money of Petty Officers and Seamen, Non Commissioned Officers of Marines end Marinfci,

who shall not have duly accounted with or shall have practised any Fraud or Imposition on the personal Representatives of such Petty Officers or Seamen, Non Commissioned Officers of Marines or Marines* Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Treasurer to revoke any such Licence to any such Agent as ufbrcsaid, or to the Efceciitors dr Adminif-trators of any such deceased Agent, for not having duly accounted with, or for any Fraud or ImpoGtion practised on, any personal Representative or Representatives of any deceased Petty Officer or Seaman, Non Commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, in such and the same manner as any such Licence is now by Law revocable for such Agents not duly accounting with or praftiGng any Fraud or ImpoGtion on any such Petty Officer or Seaman, Non Commissioned Officer df Marines or Marine.

III. And Whereas under the Provisions of the said recited Act the Treasurer of His Majesty's Navy is

authorized to withdraw Licences from such Licensed Agents as are therein mentioned only in the cases of

Misconduct towards Petty Officers and Seamen, Non Commissioned Officers of Marines and Marines: And

Whereas it is expedient that the Powers and Authorities given to the said Treasurer in those cases should be extended to all such like cases of Misconduct by such Ageuts towards all Commissioned and Warrant Officers in His Majesty's Naval Service, and Commissioned Officers in the Royal Marines, and their respective Personal Representatives, in respect to any Pay, Prize Money, Bounty Money or other

Allowances of Money which may be due to or lor the Services of such Persons respectively Be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Treasurer of His Majesty's Navy for the time being to revoke, in the manner in the said recited Act mentioned, any Licence which may have been granted under the Authority of the said Act for any such like Mifaooduft as therein mentioned, by any such Agent committed or to be committed towards any Commissioned or Warrant Officer in His Majesty's Naval Service*, or Coab-missioned Officer in the Royal Marines, or his personal Representative or Representatives, in any manner relating to any Wages, Pay, Prize Money, Bounty Money or other Allowances of Money, which may be due to or for the Services of any such Officers respectively.

CAP. CXIX.

An Act to exempt British and Irish Stone Bottles, made and used for the sole Purpose of containing Liquid Blacking, from the Duties of Excise on Stbnef Bottks granted by an Act of this Session of Parliament. [ 11th July 1817.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in this Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to reteal the Duties of 0.31. sate.

V v Excise on Stone Bottles, and charge other Duties in lieu thereof a Duty of Excise of Five Shillings is impeded for every Hundred Weight of Stone Bottles, not exceeding Two Quarts Meafdre, made in Ireland and imported from thence into Great Britain; and by the said Act a Duty of Five Shillings is imposed for every Hundred Weight of Stone Bottles, not exceeding Two Quarts Measure, made ini Great Britain: And

Whereas it is expedient to exempt Sterne Bottles made in Great Britain, or made ia Ireland and imported from thence into Great Britain, and used for the sole Purpose of containing Liquid Blacking, and which shall be of the Description herein after mentioned, from the Duties hereinbefore recited and imposed by the said

Aft* Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent Stone Books

of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Autho- used for eontsin-rity of the fame. That from aird after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, all ^Jj^herein Stone Bottles made in Great Britain, or made fa Ireland and imported from thence into Great Britcun % and delrribS" used for the sole Purpose of containing Liquid Blacking, and which shall be of the Description herein after exempted from particularly mentioned and sperided, shall be wholly exempted and freed from the several hereinbefore recited the Doty voter Duties imposed, and shall not be entitled to the Drawback granted by the said Act. recited Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That every Bottle made in Great Britain, or made in Ireland and imported Description of from thence into Great Britain, of Earthen or Stone Ware, or of Earth or Clay alone, or mixed with any otherhe Stone Bottles Material or Materials, which shall not exceed One Pint in Measure, and the Mouth and Neck of which shall be

not less than One Inch and a half in Diameter in the narrowed Part of the InGde thereof, and which shall be permanently Ramped in the making thereof, in fair and legible Characters, with the Words " Blacking Bottle, " and no other, shall be deemed and take! to be a Stone Bottle made for the sole Purpose of containing Liquid Blacking within the meaning of this Act, and be exempted from the said Duties.

III. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, from and after the said Fifth Day of Selling such July One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, fell any such Stone Bottle or Bottle* as aforesaid for any rur- Bottles far gny pole or Use whatsoever other than and except for the sole Purpose of containing Liquid Blacking, or shall tf^1*-attempt to export the fame upon Drawback, such Person or Persons so offending shall for each and every such Li^Bteckh^IT Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of Fifty Pounds, over and above all other Penalties and Forfeitures what- attempting to soever, to be sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated by such Ways, Means or Method! as any Fine, Penalty expoi^th*m on or Forfeiture may be sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Drawback, Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of .Exchequer at Edinburgh* respectively; and that One Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture shall Penalty.

be to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him, her or them who shall inform, dif-cever or foe for the same.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners of Exdle in England and Scotland respectively, or Charge of Duty any Three or more of them respectively, shall and they respectively are herebr authorized and empowered to .« («<* Sl0M

57 Geo. III. H h'canfe

#88

Such Licences may be revoked by Treasurer of the Navy for Fraud, ftc.

49 O.3. c.i*3. §37-

Licencesunder recited Act may be revoked by Treasurer of the Navy for Misconduct toward* Coramiffiohedot Warrant Officers, as well as to Petty Officers and Seamen, fce.

BauUttobe CMftfe any Sum or Sums of Money which shall have been charged as any such Duty for or in respect of any

tfdtarfed. such* Bottle*aforesaid hereby exempted from Duty, to be discharged from and out of the Books and other

Documents containing any Entry or Entries of or relating to aAy such Cha^e, or Sum or Sums of Money.

39 G. 3. C. 89.

§ 1 — 8.

East India Com-psnjr may allow the Owners of certain Ships herein named an additional Sum for Freighr,

although afloat in time of Peace.

ouch Allowance not to exceed the Rates per Ton herein mentioned.

Abatement in case of Reduction in Price of Articles.

fti cife Ship is loft, 'or meet ' with Accident as herein mentioned, Owner* not ro/pay the Sum herein mentioned;

CAP. CXX. :

An Act; to authorise the Court of Directors of the East fndia Company to make extraordinary Allowances, in certain Cases, to the Owners of certain Ships in the Service of the said Company.

[11th July 1817.]

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament made in the Thirty ninth Year of the Reign of H'19 prefcut

Majesty, intituled An Act for the regulating the Manner in which the United Company of Merchants of 6 England trading to the East IndiesJball hire and take up Ships for their regular Service> various Provisicjns,

1 regulating the manner in which the said United Company shall hire and take up Ships for their Service, are ' now in force; and according to the Effect of such Provision the said United Company are not at liberty to

release the Owners of Ships taken up for their Service from their several Contrafts, or to grant them any ' Rate of Freight beyond what they are entitled to under such Contrafts: And Whereas by reason of the long x Duration of the late War, and the Continuance of the extraordinary Price of Articles of Equipment of Ships

after the Conclusion of Peace, great Hardships might arise in compelling the Owners of certain Ships

now in the Service of the said United Company to a literal Execution of their Contraftt; and therefore it €. ia expedient that the Court of Directors of the said United Company should be empowered, under reasonable«Limitations, to give them some Relief in respect thereof* Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this p relent Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That in case the Owners of all or any of the Ships hereafter mentioned; that is to say, The Lady Melville, The Princess Amelia, The Lowther Castle, The P ha nix, The Charles Grant, The Asia, The Rose, The Prince Regent, The Marquis Wellington, The Carnatic, The William Pitt, The Marchioness of Ely, TheAJlell, The Marquis Camden, The Warren Hqjtings, The Minerva* The Lord Cajllereagh, The Princess Charlotte of Wales, The Streatham, The Bombay, The ingfis, The Marquis Huntley, The Castle Huntley, and The Cabalva, shall pay or secure tQ the said United Company by way of Penalty, for each and every of the Six Voyages contrafted to be performed by each of the said Ship9 respectively, on a permanent Peace Freight under the Provisions of the said Act, which had not been performed or commenced on the Twentieth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and fifteen* the Sum of Eight hundred and thirty three Pounds Six Shillings and Eight Pence, being One sixth Part of the Penalty of Five thousand Pounds, incurred by not performing the Whole of such Six Voyages according to the terms of their respective Contrafts; it shall and may be lawful to and for the Court of Directors of the said United Company .'to make and allow, and to pay and cause to be paid, to the Owners of the said Ships, or to such of them who shall have so paid or given Security for Payment of the said Penalty aforesaid, such Allowances and Payments over and above the Peace Freight and Demurrage which the said Ships respectively shall be entitled to under and by virtue of their several Contrafts, in respect of every Voyage performed or to be performed after the said Twentieth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, as to the said Court of Directors shall appear just and reasonable, With Reference to the Prices and Expence of Stores and Articles of Outfit which prevailed in the Autumn of the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, although such Ship or Ships may have come afloat or hereafter may come afloat, in time of Peace; the said Act of Parliament passed in the Thirty^pinth Year of His Majesty's Reign, or any Contract or Agreement* or any other Matter, Claafe or Thing to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said Court of Directors to make and allow, and to pay or cause to be paid to the Owners of any of the said Ships of One thousand Tons and upwards, any Sum or Allowance exceeding the Rate of Eight Pounds per Ton, nor to the Owners of any of the said Ships of less than One thousand Tons, any Sum or Allowance exceeding the Rate of Eight Pounds Ten Shillings per Ton according to Builders' Measurement, over and above the Rate of Peace Freight which the Owners of the said Ships respectively are entitled to receive under and by virtue of their existing Contrafts; nor any. Rate of Freight which, added to the Rate of Peace Freight, which the Owners of the said Ships respectively are entitled to receive under and by virtue of their existing Contrafts, would amount to more than the Rate of Twenty six Pounds per Ton for Ships of One thousai^} Tons and upwards, and Twenty six Pounds Ten Shillings/*/- Ton for Ships of less than One thousand Tons, according to Builders' Measurement.

III. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in case on any Voyage or Voyages which the said Ships, orlbiy of them, shall have to perform under and by virtue of their said Contrafts, the Prices and Expence of Stoffcs and Artfcles of Outfit shall be reduced below the Prices and Expence thereof which prevailed in the Autumn of the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, then there shall be a proportionable Abatement made from any extra Payment which shall have been agreed to be allowed under the Authority of this Act, to the Owners of any of the said Ships in respect of such Voyage or Voyages.

IV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any such Ship shall be loft or captured on any such Voyage as aforesaid, or shall meet with any Accident, whereby her Owners shall, according to their respective Agreements or Charterparties, lose or be deprived of any Claim upon the said United Company for any Payment of Freight in respect of such Voyage, then and in every such case it shall not be lawful for the said United Company to exact from the Owners of such Ship, for and in respect of such Voyage, the Payment of the said Sum of Eight hundred and thirty three Pounds Six Shillings and Eight Pence; and in case

A.D. 1817. 57° GEORGII III. C.iao, iai. 235

the said Sum shall have been actually paid to the said United Company, the same shall be refunded to the bid or if pud. Owners. refund*.

V. Provided also, and be it further enadjfd, That in case on any Voyage or Voyages which any of the If the Owners said Ships shall have to perform under their several existing Contracts, the Owners of such Ships shall herw> beceme entitled after become entitled under and by virtue of such Contracts to any Allowance in respect of additional Q^eMuifioe Charges arising to them in time of War and Hostilities, or Preparations for War and Hostilities, then and in fa^meof War such case the Owner shall not be entitled to J}ave for such Voyage or Voyages any Payment or Allowance then no Allow*' under or by virtue of this Actj but the Payments to be made for such Smps in relpe& of such Voyage or race under this Voyages shall be regulated and ascertained and made as they would have been according to the Rights of the

Parties in case this Act had not been made.

VI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, be deemed, or Prorifofor taken to prejudice, or in any manner to affect the Rights of such Owners of any of the said Ships as shall Rights of Own-not pay or secure such Penalty as is hereinbefore mentioned, but the Rights of such Owners shall be and re-

main as if this prefapt Act had not patted; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary thereof in any- 181 - wise notwithstanding.

VII. Provided afro, and be it further enacted, That the Owners of any of the bid Ships, who shall take Owners noten-

any Advantage under or by virtue of this Act for any Voyage, shall not be entitled to any increased Peace titled wdemsnd Freight which they might otherwise have been entitled to under their existing Contracts in pursuance of the Petct

said Act of the Thirty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty.

VIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That ndthing herein contained shall be deemed or taken to Pnmfofor

have Reference to or in any manner to affect any Contracts existing between the said United Company and j*j*itt* Coo % the Owners of any Ships now in their Service, other than those Contracts between the said United Company shim^erem* and the Owners of the Ships herein enumerated. enumerated.

IX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That this Act shall not, nor (hairany thing to be done by Hows*rA& virtue thereof, extend or be construed to extend to release or discharge the said United Company, or the to vacate any Owners of the said federal Ships, from any Part of the Contracts and Agreements by which the said Ships other Contracts arfc severally agreed to be hired by or let to the said United Company, nor to alter or vary the terms of the said Contracts further or otherwise than as by this Act is expressly provided and enacted. a*

X. And be it further enacted, That the Court of Directors of the said United Company shall, and they Proceedings of

are hereby required from time to time hereafter, to lay Copies of all Proceedings of the said Court touching Court of Di-tbt Execution of this Act before both Houses of Parliament, at the same time and together with the Ac-^be

count* required to be annually laid before Parliament by an Act passed in the Thirty third Year of the Reign \rfon

of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for continuing in the East India Company for a further Term the Parliament. Possession of the BritimTerritories in India, together with their neclufve Trade, under certain Limitations / 330.3, 0.5*. for ejtahlishing further Regulations for the Government of the said Territories, and the letter Administration of JuJRce within the same 5 for appropriating to certain Uses the Revenues and Profits of the said Company; and '

for making Provision for the good Order and Government of the Towns of Calcutta, Madras and Bombay.

CAP. CXXI.

An Act for regulating Payments to the Treasurer of the Urey under the Heads of Old Stores and Imprefts., [1 ith July 1817.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Twenty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled5 0.3. c. 31.

An Act for better regulating the Office of Treasurer of His Majestfs Navy, all Monies required by the 1

Treasurer of His Majesty's Navy for the time being for Navy Services are directed to be issued to the

Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and to be placed to thtf* Account or Accounts of such

Treasurer, and drawn for in the Manner therein mentioned: And whereas divers Sums of Money are from

time to time payable to such Treasurer under the Heads of Old Naval Stores and Imprefts, which Monies

have hitherto been received by the Caftiier of His Majesty's Navy, and paid into the Bank of England

through the Hands of the Pa) matter of the Navy: And whereas it is expedient that all such Monies rfiould

be paid immediately into the Bank of England, without patting through the Hands of any Officer in the

Treasurer's Department* Be it therefore enacted, by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Cunfent of the Lords Spiritual.and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament afiem-

bl<td, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, whenever any Sum or Treasurer, &c. Sums of Money shall be payable by any Person or Persons to the Treasurer of His Majesty's Navy for or .t0R!e. ?rder* under the Head of Old Stores or Imprefts, the said Treasurer, or the Paymaster or Deputy Paymaster of the to

Navy, or the Caftiier of the Navy or Victualling department fof the time being, as the case may require, shall make Payments give an Order or Orders in Writing to the Person or Persons liable to make such Payments, directing and under the Head requiring him, her or them to pay the Moneyin such Order or Orders specified to the Caftiiers of the Bank of of Old Stags or England, to be placed to the Credit of the Treasurer of His Majesty's Navy 5 and the Person or Persons to W* eft*to P*T whom such Order or Orders shall be so given is and are hereby authorized and required to pay the Sum or ^anj^n<lnlot c Sums of Money therein specified to One of the Cashiers of the Bank of England; and such Cashier shall, upon Receipt of every such Sum or Sums of Money, give so the Person or Persons paying the fame a Cer-Receipt of tificate or Receipt in Writing specifying the Amount thereof 5 and the Certificate or Receipt of such Cashier Celhiersufficient shall1 upon every fucW Payment be a good and sufficient Discharge to the Person or Persons making the same Dischajrge. for the Suro therein expressed to be received; and all and every Snms and Sum of Money so paid iBto the Money to be Bank of England shall be placed to the fame Account of the Treasurer of His Majesty's Navy, and shall be placed to the

Hha drawn»

Account of th* Tfeafortr.

Certificate or Receipt not to be (Ubje£t to Stamp Doty. Exception.

12 G. i. c. 34.

22 G. 1. c. a;

Provisions of 12 G. 1. c. 34. extended to Labourers in Collieries.

Provisiom in2 G. a. c. 27. applicable to this

a a.

Provisions of recited AOs extended to Scotland and Ireland.

Dtftillers making any Quantity of

C. 12*, 122, 123. 57° GEORGII III. A.D. 1817.

A*wn for in the same manner a* if the fame had been HTned from the Exchequer to the Bank of England the Account of such Treasurer in pursuance of any Memorial or Application made by such Treasurer for that Purpose.

H. And be it further enacted, That no Certificate or Receipt to he given or signed by any of the Cashiers of the Bank of England in pursuance of this A A shall be subject or liable to any Stamp Duty whatsoever iin-posed by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in force, nor to any Stamp Duty to be impoied by any future Act or Acts of Parliament, unless such Certificdtes or Receipts shall be specially subjected to and charged with Stamp Duties by such future Act or Acts of Parliament.

CAP. CXXII.

An Act to extend the Provisions of an Act of the Twelfth Year of His late Majesty King George the First, and an Alt of the Twenty second Year of His late Majesty King George the Second, against Payment of Labourers in Goods or by Truck, and to secure their Payment in the fowfal Money of this Realm, to Labourers employed in the Collieries, or in the working and getting of - Coal, in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland and for extending the Provisions of the said Alls to Scotland and Ireland. ft ith July 1817.]

WHEREAS the pernicious Practice of paying the Wages of Labourers concerned in the Woollen Trade in Goods was by the^ Provisions of an Alt of the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the First, intitulcaAnASto prevent unlawful Combination* of Workmen employed in c, the Woollen Manufactures, and for better Payment of their Wages, prohibited by certain Regulations and under certain Penalties therein enacted: And Whereas, though the Provisions of this Act weije extended*by the Alt of the Twenty second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for the more effectual preventing of Frauds and Abuses committed by Persons employed in the ' Manufacture of Hats, and in the Woollen, Linen, Fujian, Cotton, Iron, Leather, Fur, Hemp, Flan, Mohair and Silk ManufaCurcs; and for preventing unlawful Combinations of Journeymen Dyers and Jour*neymen Hot Prefers, and of all Per fans employed in the said several, Manufactures, and for the better Pay- meni of their Wages; yet the Security thereby- given, for the Reoeipt of their Wages* in Money, i* in*neither of these Alts extended to labouring Men working in Collieries, and other Buftaetfe* oooone&ed with the Trade of working and getting Coal: And Whereas great Injury and Loss have arisen to labouring < Men working in Collieries ami other Bufinefiee connected with the getting of Coal, from, being paid their*Wages in Goods or by way of Truck* or otherwise than in the lawful Coin of this RealmBe itt there-fore enacted by The Euig's Most Excellent Majesty, by and, with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, is this prefect Parliament aflerobled^ and by the Authority of the same, That the Provisions of the aforesaid. Alb of the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the First, which prohibits the Payment of the Wages of Persons employed in the Woollen Manufacture in Goods, and to secure the Payment of every Part of their Wages in good and lawful Money of this Kingdom, be extended to Labourers employed is working and getting Coal in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

II. And be it further taadedr That all the Provisions of the fai§ Ad, to facilitate the Labourers in the Whollen Trade recovering the Wages for which they have stipulated, or to which they are entitled, os well as the Provision^imposing s Penalty on Masters paying Labourers in Goods, he extended to Persons employed in Collieries, and in working and getting Coal, in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ire(aadT in as fuli and ample n manner ai if they had been enumerated in the aforesaid Act; and that all Remediesr Penalties* Modes of Recovery, Powers and Privileges, and all other Matters and Things therein for thofo Purpose8 contained, he and they are hereby extended to Parties, concerned in Coal Works, or con&e&ed therewith.

III. And be itralfo, further enacted, That the Provisions of the Acts of the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the First and of the Twenty second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, ber extended, and are hereby extended to Scotland and Ireland.

Cap. cxxrn.

An Act for imposing a* Duty, of Excise, on the Excels of Spirits made from Com in England above the Proportion of Nineteen Gallons of Spirits for every One hundred Gallons of Walh; and for further securing the Duties on Wort or Walh made for dHfflling Spirits in England s and for authorising the Shipment of Rum for Stores in Caflts containing Sixty Gallons.

[\ith July 1817.]

WHEREAS the Duties of Excise upon Wort or-Wash brewed or made for extracting Spirits in England, and the Countervailing Duties upon Spirits, are by Law imposed upon the Computation of a certain Quantity of Spirits being extracted from One hundred Gallons of Wort or Walh: And Whereasmany Makers and Dillillers of Spirits in England do extralt from such Wort or Walh a much larger Quantity of Spirits than such Proportion, whereby such Excels of Spirits has been carried iato Consumption without Payment of any Duty, to the great Injury of Trade and of His Majesty's Revenue For remedy whereof, be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and, with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal* and Commons, in this prefeal' Parliament aftembded, and by the Authority of the same, That if any'Maker or Makers, Distillet or.Distillers of Spirits in England shall, in thfc Year

ending

A.D. 1817.

57° GEORGII III. C. 123. 237

ending on the Fifth Day of Jwfy in eatry Year after the Fifth Day of J*fy One thou fond eight hundred and spirits* «iMd-seventeen, make, distil, extrad or produce, or shall have made, diddled, extracted or produced* from Wort ing on inAveri or Wash prepared or made from Malt, Corn, Grain, or Tilts, or any Mixture with the fame* any Quantity Iff of Spirits exceeding, upon the Average of hit, her or their Work in such Year, the Proportion of Nineteen ySw Gallons of Spirits, computed at the Strength of Eight per Gentum over Hydrometer Proof for every One Proportion hundred Gallons of such Wort or Waih io diddled into Spirits a&aforesaid, every such Maker or Makers, herein'm*>-Distider or Dividers, shall, in lieu of any Penalty for the Excess upon such Average as aforesaid* pay Duty tioned, to pay, for all such Spirits exceeding the Proportion upon such Average as aforesaid, computed as aforesaid, at and , B htuofPe-after the Rate of Nine Shillings and Twopence halfpennyfor every Gallon of all sunk Excess and Excesses, ^cef* on computed as aforesaid, over and above all other Duties on Wort or Waft whatsoever.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Duty by this Act imposed shall be under the Management of Duty to be the Commissioners of Excise in England for the time being, and shall be raised, levied, collected, recovered under the Comaud paid in such and the like Manner, and in or by any or either of the general or special Mean7, Ways or missioners of Methods by which the Duties of Excise on Wort or Waft brewed or made for extracting Spirit! for Home tnd uTbe Consumption in England were or might be raised, levied, collected, recovered and paid; and the Persons, ieT; c3 u other Goods, Wares, Merchandizes or Commodities by this Act respectively made liable to the Payment of or Duties on Spi-chargeable with the said Duty imposed by this Act, shall be and the same are hereby made subject and liable rift, rod muter to am and every the Conditions, Regulations, Rules, Restrictions and Forfeitures to which such Persont, ule*

Goods, Wares and Merchandize, or Commodities, were generally or specially subject and liable to by any Ad Peni or Acts of Parliament in force on and immediately before the passing of this Act, respecting the Duties of Excise on Wort or Wash as aforesaid, or other Duties under the Management of the said Commissioner* of Excise in England were of might be subject or liable; and all and every Pain, Penalty, Fine or Forfeiture* of any nature or kind whatever, for any Offence whatever committed against or in Breach of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force on and immediately before the passing of this Act, for securing the Revenue of Excise or other Duties under the Management of the said Commissioners of Excise respectively, or for the Regulation and Improvement thereof, and the several Clauses, Powers and Directions therein contained* shall and are hereby directed and declared to extend to, and shall be respectively applied, practised and put in Execution for and in respect of the said Duty hereby charged and imposed, in as full and ample manner to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever as if all and every the said Acts, Clauses, Provisions* Powers, Directions, Fines*

Pains, Penalties or Forfeitures were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies arising by the Duty by this Act imposed (the necef- Duty carried to fary Charges of raffing and accounting for the fame excepted) shall from time to time be paid into the Coofolidaied Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at Wcjhnmfier> and shall be carried to and (hade Part of the Consolidated Fund*

Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

IV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Fifth oay of April One thousand eight hundred After April 5,

and eighteen, no Person or Perfect whatsoever shall ered, set up, enter, or make use of any House or Place 1818, Houses whatsoever in England for the rectifying of compounding of Spirits, or for receiving or keeping of Spirits by for ojr

any Redifier or Compounder of Spirits, within th* Distance of One Quarter of a Mile in a direct Line from srimtnotto bn any Hoitfe or Place which shall bt entered or used for preparing Wort or Waft, or for the making or difi crewed or used tilling of Spirits for Home Consumption^ or for the receiving or keeping of Spirits by any Maker or Dif* within Oae tiller of Spirits; nor shall any Person or Persons whatsoever ered, set up, enter or make use of any House Quart* of«.or Place whatsoever in England^ for preparing Wort or Waft, or for the making or distilling of Spirits for 1 S.tiU

Home Consumption, or for receiving or keeping Spirits by any Maker or Distiller of Spirits, within the a sti^House1* Distance of One Quarter of a Mile in a direct Line from any House or Place which shall be entered or tiled to be used for rectifying or compounding of Spirits, or for receiving or keeping of Spirits by any Rediffer or Coni* within One pounder of Spirits; on Pain of forfeiting in each arid every such case the Sum of Five hundred Pounds for Quarter oft every Week that such House or Place shall be erected, set up, entered or used respectively as aforesaid; and 1 jHo^e

all and every Entries or Entry of any such House or Place, (b made use of either for the rectifying or com. compounding.^ pounding or keeping of Spirits, or for the preparing Wort or Waft, or making or distilling or keeping ctf Penalty. Spirits, contrary to the true Intent and meaning of this Act, shall be null and void to all Intents and Purw poses whatsoever: Provided always, that none of the Prohibitions, Penalties, Forfeitures or Enadments Exemption in hereinbefore contained shall extend or apply, or be deemed or construed to extend or apply, to or in respect of any House or Place, Scite or Premises, which may have been erected, set up, entered, used, occupied or menticmed. employed for preparing Wort or Waft, or making or distilling Spirits, or for the rectifying or compounding* or for receiving or keeping of Spirits respectively, on the Eighteenth Day of Jitne in the Year One thmu sand eight hundred and seventeen, or within One Month previous thereto, so that no Spirits be at any time after the said Fifth Day of April received from any Part of any such House, Place or Premises entered, used, occupied or employed by any Maker or Distiller of Spirits, or from the Possession or Stock of any such Maker or Distiller, into any Part of any such House, Place or Premises entered, used, occupied or employed by any Rediffer or Compounder of Spirits, or into the Stock or Possession of any such Redifier or Compounder, by any Way, Means or Communication whatsoever, other than by Carriage of a Cart or Waggon through and by means of an open Street or Road.

V. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where any House or Place, Scite or Premises, used or Di/tifiiitg and

employed for the preparing of Wort or Waft, or for the making or distilling of Spirits, or the receiving rectifying*or keeping of Spirits by any Maker or Distiller of Spirit*, and any House or Place, Scite or Premises, used now

or employed for the rectifying or compounding or keeping of Spirits by any Redifier.or Compolnider of Quwter'of a*Spirits, shall be situate within the said Distance of One Quarter of a Mile of each other, so as to be entitled Mile of each

to

238 C.I23.

57° GEORGII IIt

A.D. 1817.

ocher, mij be removed, on giving Twelve Month*' Notice to the Owners, Snd miking Compenflftion for Dameges.

to the Exemption aforesaid, it shall add m^y be lawful to and for the Commissioners of Excise, or any Three or more of them, if they shall think it expedient, at any time to give Twelve Calendar Months Notice at the lead to the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, Occupier or Occupiers of any such House or Place so used or employed for the re&ifying or compounding or keeping of Spirits by any Ke&ifier or Compounder of Spirits, to discontinue the Use and Employment of such House or Place so used and employed by such Re&ifier or Compounder, Re&ifiers or Corripounders, and to remove the Trade or Business thereof to some Other House or IJlace, Scite or Premises, not within the said Distance of One Quarter of a Mile from the said or any other House or Place used or employed for preparing Wort or Wash, or for the making or distilling of Spirits, o^for the receiving or keeping of Spirits by any Maker or Distiller of Spirits; Compensation and Satisfactioti being made to all and every the Owner and Owners, Proprietor and Proprietors, Occupier and Occupiers of any such Houses or Placet, Scites or Premises, who shall fuft&in or incur any Loss, Damage or Injury by reason or in consequence of such Discontinuance or Removal, in manner herein after mentioned; and at the Expiration of the time mentioned in such Notice, the Prohibitions, Penalties, Forfeitures and Enactments contained in this Act shall apply to and be in force with respect to any fuchr House or Place in respect of which the Otvner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, Occupier or Occupiers thereof, shall have received such Notice as aforesaid, any thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding; and the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, are hereby authorized and empowered to treat and agree with the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, Occupier or Occupiers of such House or Place, Scite or Premises, so used and employed for the rectifying or compounding of Spirits, or for receiving or keeping of Spirits by any Rectifier or Compounder of Spirits as aforesaid, for the Expences incurred or to be incurred by such Removal, and in the procuring some other House or Place as aforesaid, and for the Compensation and Satisfaction to be made to such Person or Persons as aforesaid for all and any Loss, Damage and Injury he, she or they shall or may futtain or incur through, by reason, or in consequence of such Discontinuance or Removal, and also to treat and agree with the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, Occupier or Occupiers of such House or Place, Scite Or Premises, used or employed for preparing Wort or Wash, or for the making or diddling of Spirits, or for the receiving or keeping of Spirits by any Maker or Distiller of Spirits, for the Compensation and Satisfaction to be made to such lad mentioned Person or Persons, or any of them, for all or any Loss, Damage and Injury he, she or they shall or may fudain or incur through, by reason or in consequence of the Discontinuance or Removal of the Trade or Business of such Rectifier or Compounder as aforesaid; and in case the said Commissioners of Excise shall not be able to agree ui*. % w u the said Parties as to the Amount of such Expences, or such Compensation and Sattsfa&ton,

then an^ every such case the Amount of such Expences and such Compensation and Satisfaction shall be at Law. settled and ascertained in an Action upon a feigned Idue or Idiies upon the Amount of such Expences and

such Compensation and Satisfaction, or of such Compensation and Satisfaction only, as the case may be, to be tried in any Court of Record at Westminster, in which Action the Parties claiming such Expences, or such Compensation and Satisfaction, or any of them, shall be the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, and the Secretary of the Board of Excise for the time being, on behalf of the Commissioners of Excise, shall be the nominal Defendant, who shall accept a Declaration and plead to the said Action; and in case any Difference shall arise touching the terms of the said Issue, the same shall be settled by the proper Officer of the said Court in

Commissioners may treat with.Owners for the Expences incur-red by Removal, and procuring fame other House, &c.

In case the Parties do not agree, Expences to be

Difference at to the Terms of the Issue to be settled

b/the Officer of which such Mue ^all tried, and such Issue shall be tried before a special Jury, to be summoned, impannelled and reduced in the usual manner, as in cases of Actions at the Common Law; and the said Court shall have Power to direct a new Trial upon the said Issue if they shall see .fit, and shall give Judgment for*

the Court. Special Jury.

the Amount ultimately awarded by the Verdict of such Jury, together with Costs to be taxed by the proper Officer5 and thereupon the said Commissioners of Excise shall, within One Month afterwards, pay the said Amount for which Judgment shall be given to the said Parties claiming as aforesaid 2 Provided always, that if the said Commissioners shall have made an Offer to the said Parties, or any of them, of a Sum of Money for such Expences, Compensation and Satisfaction, or Compensation and Satisfaction only, which Offer shall not be accepted, the said Parties refusing or declining such Offer shall not be entitled to any Costs, unlefa there shall be awarded by the Verdict of a Jury as aforesaid a larger Sum by One Tenth Part than the Amount of such Offer.

VI. And be it further enacted, That in lieu of the Credit for Spirits in Proportion to the Quantity of Wort or Credit for Spirits ^afh made or brewed, to which Makers or Distillers of Spirits in England are now by Law entitled, every the Quantity of such Maker or Distiller shall, from and after the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and , f seventeen, be entitled to Credit for the whole Quantity of Spirits, computed at the Strength of Eight per

Centum over Hydrometer Proof, which he, she or they shall distil, make, extract or produce, and which shall be taken .Account of by the proper Officer in the Spirit Calk provided by such Distiller for the Reception of the Spirits extraded from the Low Wines produced from each Charge of his, her or their Wash Still or Wash Stills; and if at any time after the said Tenth Day <?f 0Sober any such Maker or Makers, Distiller or Distillers as aforesaid, shall make, distil, extract or produce, or there shall be found in his, her or their Stock, Custody or Possession, any Excess of Spirits over and above such Credit as aforesaid, computed as aforesaid, added to any Quantity of Raw Spirits legally brought and received into such Stock by Permit, all such Excess and Excesses shall be deemed to be Spirits unlawfully made, and a Quantity equal thereto shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise out of and from any Part of the Stock of any such Maker or Makers, Distiller or Distillers as aforesaid; and such Maker or Makers, Distiller or Distillers, shall, for every Gallon of such Excess*and Excesses computed as aforesaid, forfeit and lose the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

«VII. Anil

Costs.

In lieu of the

Won, 'the Distiller, after O& 10, 1817, to be entitled to Credit for the whole Spirits, computed at Eight per Cent, over Hydrometer Proof, produced.

Excess found seized, and Peuahy aol.

A.D. 1817. 57° GEORGII III. C. 123.

VII. And Whereas by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, for estabHfliing Ae Use of an

Hydrometer called Sikes' Hydrometer in ascertaining the Strength of Spirits, instead of Clarke's Hy-

drometer, it is enacted, that iiv all Trials of the Strength oft any Spirits by any Officer or Officers of Excise with the said Hydrometer called Sikes' Hydrometer in any Part of the United Kingdom, the Strength of Eight per Centum above Proof denoted by the said Hydrometer called Sikes' Hydrometer, shall be substituted for the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof mentioned in an Act made in the

Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, among other things for the better Regulation of the making and vending Britt/b Spirits; or m another Act made in the Twenty-eighth Year of His said Majesty's Reign, among other things for better regulating the Exportation of British-made Spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England; or of another Act made in the Thirtieth Year of His said Majesty's Reign, among other things to continue Two Acts made in the Twenty eighth and Twenty ninth Years of His said Majesty's Reign therein mentioned 5 or of another Act made in the Fifty second Year of His said Majesty's Reign, among other things for regulating* the Warehousing of < Spirits diddled from Corn 4n Ireland for Exportation, without Payment of the Duty of Excise charge- able thereon, ' or in any other Act or Acts of Parliament relating to His Majesty's Revenue of Excise in any Part of the United Kingdom, in force immediately before the passing of the said Act made in the last Session of Parliament; and that all Spirits made subject to Forfeiture under or by virtue of the said last mentioned Acts or any or either of them, for or by reason of their higher Degree of Strength than last aforesaid, shall, together with the Calks and Packages containing the fame, be and remain torfeited for and by reason of the said Spirits being of a higher Degree of Strength than the said Eight

per Centum above Proof; and it was by the said Act provided, that if the Strength of any Spirits manufactured and imported from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland into that Part of Great Britain called England as aforesaid shall, upon Trial by any Officer or Officers of Excise in England by the said

Hydrometer, be denoted to be greater than that of Eight per Centum above Proof, and such Excess

shall not exceed Three per Centum over and above the said Strength of Eight per Centum above Proof, then

and in such case the said Spirits shall not be forfeited, but shall be charged with the further Duty proportioned to their said Surplus Strength: And Whereas it has been found that the said Strength

4 of Eight per Centum above Proof, denoted by the said Hydrometer, exceeds by more than One per Centum the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof mentioned in the said Acts, for which the fame is

substituted as aforesaid Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the Tenth Day of QBober Onehoufand eight hundred and seventeen, in all Trials of the Strength of any Spirits, the Strength of Seven per. Centum above Proof denoted by the said Hydrometer called Sikes9 Hydrometer shall, in lieu of the Strength of Eight per Centum above Proof mentioned in the said Act of the last Session of Parliament, be substituted and taken for the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof mentioned in all and every of the said Acts, and in all other Act and Acts relating to His Majesty's Revenue of Excise on Brittish and Irish Spirits respectively.; and that all and every of the Clauses, Rules, Regulations, Provides, Enactments, Fines, Penalties* and Forfeitures made and contained in any of the said Acts, 'or in the said Act of the last Session of Parliament, or in any other Act or Acts relating or applying to or in respect of any Spirits of the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, or to Eight per Centum above Hydrometer Proof as the Substitute thereof mentioned in the said Act of the last Session of Parliament, shall extend and apply and be put in force to and in respect of any Spirits of or above or under the Strength of Seven per Centum above Proof, -as the case may happen to be, and as denoted by the said Hydrometer called Sikes' Hydrometer, ' in lieu of the said Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, and Eight per Centum afiove Hydrometer Proof respectively, mentioned in the said Act or any of them, as fully ana effectually as if the fame were hereby repeated and re-enacted in and by this Act; any thing in the said Act or in any other Act or Acts to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

VIII. And for the better securing the Duties of Excise on Wort or Walh, be it further enacted, That from and after the Tenth Day of 0Sober One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, the Walh used or made by any Maker or Distiller of Spirits in England shall, before it is put into his, her or their Still or Stills for Distillation into Low Wines, be conveyed from each fermenting Back or Vessel in which it shall have been fermented, into an entered circular or elliptical Vessel called Jack Back, having no Pipe or other Communication with any other Vessel or Vessels, Utensil or Utensils whatsoever, except with such fermenting Backs, and with the Wash Still or Stills, by means of the Walh Main Pipe and the Walh Pump, and which Jack Back shall be used for no other Purpose, and shall be of a Size not less than Three Fourths of the Content of the Walk Still or Stills, including the Head or Heads thereof, intended to be charged, and the mean Diameter of which at tlJe Head*shall not exceed the Depth thereof; and no more Walh shall be conveyed into such Jack Back at one time than is sufficient to charge the Still or Stills then intended to be charged; and every Charge of Walh shall be so conveyed into such Jack Back before such Still or Stills shall be unlocked for the Purpose of being charged; dhd the whole Quantity'of Wa/h conveyed into such Jack Back, after being gauged by the Officer, shall be conveyed into the Still or Stills; and if any Walh used or made by any Maker or Distiller of Spirits in England shall nQt, before it is put into the Still or Stills for Distillation into Low Wiaes, be conveyed from each fermenting Back or Vessel, into which it shall have been fermented, into such Jack Back as aforesaid, or if such Jarft Back shall have any other Pipes or Cpmmunication than as aforesaid, or be used for any other Purpose than as aforesaid, or if more Walh be conveyed therein at one time than is necessary to charge such Wash Still or'Wash Stills, or if the Walh, or any Part thereof, at any time conveyed into any such Walh Back shall be removed or conveyed from such Jack* Back before the proper Officer shall have taken an Account thereof in such Jack Back, or any Part thereof shall be kept or concealed from such Officer in any manner whatsoever, or if the whole Quaptity so conveyed shall pot, after such Accoupt thereof has been taken, be

conveyed

239

5ft o. 3. c. 140.

The Strength of Seven per Cent, above Proof, denoted by Sikes* Hydrometer, shall, in lieu of the Strength of Eight per Cent# above Proof, mentioned in 56 G. 3. c. 140. be substituted for One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, mentioned in any Act relating to Spirits. Regulations of all Alts relating to Strength of Spirits, to extend to this AR.

After Oct. 10, 1817, Walh, before it is f>ut into the Still, to be conveyed from the fermenting Vessel to an entered circular or elliptical Vessel, called Jack Back, &c.

Distiller not complying with the Regulations herein mentioned,

Penalty jooL.

Directions for using the Vessel called Jack Back now entered in charging the.Still, and also the Mode of conveying the Wash to the Still, where the Jack Back is not used.

Distiller, &c. offending.

Penalty 500L After 03.10, Pifcharge Plugs, Ice. of Wash Back when charged, to be locked and foaled, and opened by the proper Officer, to run the Wash into the Jack Back, flee.

Locks, flee, provided at the Expence ef Distiller, See.

Concealing, flee. Wash, &c.

Penalty 500L Rtdifiers felling &c. any other than Spirits of Wine, lie. or felling, Sc c. raw Spirits, and Dealer

C. 123. 57° GEORGII III. A.D. <§i7.

conveyed from such Jack Back into the Wash Still or Wash Stills in the manner herein directed, every such Maker or Distiller shall for each and every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of Five hundred Pounds.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Maker or Makers, or Distiller or Distillers of Spirits in England, who shall at the time of passing this Act have and ufo any entered Jack Back for charging his, her or their Wash Still or Wash Stills with Wash, to continue to have and use such Jack Back for the Purpose of receiving the Wash in the Course of its Passage and Transrrtiffion from the respective fermenting Backs into such Jack Back, as by this Act is required, for containing at one time the Whole of the Wash which is to be run, pumped or conveyed into the Wash StiH or Wash Stills intended to be charged for any Charge thereof, and there to be taken Account of by the proper Officer, such intermediate Jack Back not having at any time hereafter any Pipe or other Communication with any other Vessel or Utensil whatsoever, except the Wash Main Pipe and entered Wash Pump, nor being used for any other Purpose than to contain Wash in the Course of such Passage or Transmission as aforesaid; and for any Maker or Makers, or Distiller or Distillers of Spirits in England, in lieu of entering or using any Jack Back, to convey, by means only of hia, her or their entered Wash Pump, the Whole of his, her or their Wash immediately from the Wash Main Pipe, into his, her or their Wash Still or Wash Stills, for the Purpose of making and distilling therefrom Low Wines, without running, pumping or conveying the lame into any Jack Back or other intermediate Vessel or Utensil whatsoever; any thing in this Act contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding: Provided, that nq such Maker or Makers, Distiller or Distillers as aforesaid, shall have or keep, or pump, run or convey into any Wash Still or Wash Stills, ' any Feints, Liquor, Water, or other Matters or Things whatsoever except Wash, or draw off or distil any Wash from any Wash Still, until the Officer or Officers of Excise shall have gauged and taken Account therein of the whole Quantity of unmixed and undiluted Wash run, pumped or conveyed into such Wash Still of Wash Stills for the Charge thereof respectively, without making any Allowance for the Expanfioa of such Wash from Heat or otherwise, and ascertained that such Quantity of Wash is not Ms than Three Parts in Four of the Quantity which such Still, including the Head thereof, is capable of containing; and if any such Maker or Makers, Distiller or Distillers as aforesaid, shall at any time hereafter use or employ any Jack Back for any other Purpose than as aforesaid, or shall keep or continue aqy Wash in* any such intermediate Jack Back as aforesaid, and not pump and convey the fame forthwith into the Jack Back hereinbefore required, in which all such Wash is to he gauged and taken Account of by the Officer as aforesaid, or shall use or employ any Jack Back unentered, or having any Pipe or other Communication with any other Vessel or Utensil than as aforesaid, or if any Maker or Makers, Distiller or Distillers as aforesaid, not using or employing any Jaek Back whatsoever, shall not run, puipp or convey th* Whole of his, her or their Waft directly from the Wash Main Pipe into his, her or their Wash Still or Wash Stills as aforesaid, or shall have, keep, run, pump or convey any Feints Liquor, Water, or other Matter or Thing whatsoever, into such Waft Still or Wash Stills, or draw off from or distil therein any Wash, until the proper Officer shall have gauged and taken an Account of the whole Quantity of unmixed and undiluted Wash hi such Wash Still or Wash Stills at each and every Charge thereof respectively, without making any Allowance for the Expansion of such Wash from {feat or otherwise, and shall have ascertained that the fame is not Ids than Three Parts in Four of the Quantity which such Still, including the Head thereof is capable of coo* taming, such Maker or Makers, Dmiller or Distillers, in any such Case offending, shall for every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of Five hundred Pounds.

X. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Tenth Day of October, all and every the Discharge Plugs, Pipes and Cocks of every Wash Back used or employed by any Maker or Makers, or Distiller or Distillers of Spirits in England, when charged with Wort or Wash, Audi be locked and sealed and opened by the proper Officer of Excise, for the Purpose of enabling such Distiller or Distillers to run the Wash from any such fermenting Back, of which Notice shall be given, into the Jack Back aforesaid, in order to charge the Wash Still or Stills, in the same manner as the Wash Pump and charging Cock of the Wash Still used by such Maker or Distiller are now by Law required to be locked and femed and opened by such Officer; and that in like manner there shall be proper Fastenings and Locks provided for the same to the Satisfaction of such Officer as aforesaid, at the Expence of such Maker or Distiller; and that the Waft Main Pipe communicating between the fermenting Backs and the Jack Back aforesaid, shall be so placed and fixed that all Wash or Liquor put or entering therein shall run and be discharged or conveyed from thence into the Jack Back, and will neither rest in such Main Pipe or run eWewhere, and shall have no Pipe or other Conveyance entering into or passing out of the fame, except the Plug Hole or Pipe from each feripenting Back hereby directea and required to be locked as aforesaid, and the Sewer Cock or Pipe to be kept locked by the proper Officer, and opened only for walking out or deanfing such Wash Main Pipe, and shall have no other Cock' thereon whatever; and if any such Maker or Distiller shall not provide, fig, maintain and keep such Wash Mfcin Pipe as aforesaid, or shall wilfully open, break or damage, or cause or suffer to be opened, broken or damaged, any of such Locks, Fastenings, Flags, Pipes or Cocks, or use apy other Art or Contrivance whereby any Wash may or cap be privately conveyed away or concealed from the Officer, or in any respect offend in any of the Matters or Things aforesaid, every such Maker or Distiller Thai) for every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of Five hundred Pounds.

XI. And be it further enacted, That no Rectifier or Reftifiers of Spirits shall fell, fond out* or deliver in England any rectified Spirits, not being Spirits of Wine, Brit'tjb Brandy, British Gin, or Compounds; and that no raw Spirits shall be sold, removed or delivered to, or bought, taken, had or received by or into the Stock or PoflTession of any Dealer in or Retailer of Spirits or Wine whatsoever in England, not being an entered Rectifier of Spirits; and if any such Spirits as aforesaid shall be sold, removal or delivered to or taken, had or received by any such Dealer or Retailer as aforesaid, the fane, together with the Cafos or

A.D. 1817. 51° GEORGII III. C. 123. 241

other Packages in which the same shall be contained, and the Boats and other Vessels, Carta and other Car- being an entered riages, and Horses or Cattle used for removing the fame, shall be respectively forfeited, and shall and may be Rectifier, re-seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise; and the Person and Persons respectively felling, delivering, buying, living, removing, taking, having or receiving the fame, shall for every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of Two Penalty 2oo]m hundred Pounds.

XII. And be it further enacted, That no Maker or Makers, Distiller or Distillers, or Re&ifier or No Distiller or

Re&ifiers of Spirits in England, receiving any Spirits, not being Foreign Spirits, into his, her or their Re&ifier receiv-

Custody or Possession, shall break Bulk or draw off any Part thereof, or add Water or any thing thereto, or in? Spirits, not in any respect alter the fame, or tap or open any of the Calks, or alter or change any of the Packages con- t^edkBulk Gaining any such Spirits, or the Spirits therein removed, until the proper Officer or Officers of Excise shall &c. x\\\ officer have taken an Account of the Strength and Quantity thereof; and every such Maker, Distiller and Re&ifier takes an Ac-as aforesaid shall, on the Receipt of any such Spirits, give Notice thereof' to his, her or their surveying count of the Officer of Excise, and deliver to such Officer the Permit received by him, her or them with such Spirits, Strength and whereupon such Officer shall attend and take an Account of the Strength and Quantity of such Spirits; and yuaDl, fy*

if any such Maker, Distiller or Redifier, who shall receive any such Spirits into his, her or their Custody or Possession, shall fail to give such Notice and deliver such Permit as aforesaid, or shall, unless such Officer shall not Distilfcr to give attend within Three Hours after receiving such Notice and take such Account as aforesaid, break Bulk or Notice to Officer

draw off any Part of such Spirits, or add Water or any thing thereto, or in any respect alter the fame, or

tap or open any of the Calks, or alter or change any of the Packages containing any such Spirits, or the 1)111 Spirits therein removed, until the proper Officer or Officers of Excite shall have taken an Account of the Strength and Quantity thereof, all such Spirits, or a Quantity equal thereto, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise; and such Maker or Makers, Distiller or Distillers, Rectifier or Redifiers so offending, shall for every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of Five hundred Pounds. Penalty 50c!.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That any Maker or Makers, Distiller or Distillers, Redifier or Redifiers Removing &c. of, or Dealer or Dealers in, or Retailer or Retailers of Spirits in Englandf who shall deliver, remove or without a Per-receive any Spirits, for the Removal of which a Permit is by Law required, without such Permit, or a greater ^a ^r5ater Quantity of Spirits, or of a different Kind or Quality, than shall be expressed in such Permit, or having

obtained such Permit (half not send out therewith the Spirits therein described, or return the said Permit expressed in within the Time now by Law required, and every Person or Persons who shall fell, lend, deliver or employ, or Permit, fcc. make use of, or cause or suffer any such Permit as aforesaid, or any other Permit granted under any Law of Laws of Excise, to be sold, lent, delivered, employed or made use of to or for any other Use or Purpose whatsoever than to accompany the actual Removal of the Spirits or Goods respectively for which the fame was obtained and granted, and which shall be therein expressed or described, or shall produce or cause or suffer the same to be produced to any Officer or other Person, as having been received with any Goods other than as aforesaid, or shall in any manner use or employ, or cause or suffer to be used or employed, any Permit, so as that, any Account kept or checked or to be kept or checked by the Officer or Officers of Excise by such Permit-shall or may be frustrated or evaded, he, she or they shall for every such Offence severally forfeit and lose the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, over and above all other Penalty and Penalties, Forfeiture and Forfeitures Penal, y*whatsoever 5 and every Permit used for any Purpose whatsoever other than to accompany the Removal of the what deem«d a Spirits or Goods respectively for which it was obtained and granted, and which shall be therein expressed or false PermiL described, shall be deemed and taken to be a false Permit, and such Use shall, over and above all other Penalties and Forfeitures, subject the Person or Persons so uling the same to all and every the Penalties and For- Penalty, feitures imposed by Law upon any Person or Persons for using, giving or receiving any false Permit.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That no Dealer or Dealers in Foreign Wine, not being an entered Dealer ^hatD?Jfr , n

or Dealers in, or Retailer or Retailers of Spirits in England, shall have, receive or take into his, her or their havfng^ore*6' Custody or Possession any Spirits of Wine exceeding Two Gallons at anyone time, or any other British Spirits, than Two Gal-except Spirits of Wine, of a greater or higher Degree of Strength than Twenty per Centum under Hydro- loos of Spirits of meter Proof; and if any such Dealer as aforesaid, not being an entered Dealer in or Retailer of Spirits as Wne a aforesaid, shall have, receive or take into his, her or their Custody or Possession any Spirits of Wine exceed- °ra^ of ing' Two Gallons at one Time, or other British Spirits, except Spirits of Wine of a greater or higher greater Strength Degree of Strength than Twenty per Centum under Hydrometer Proof, all such Spirits mall be forfeited, than herein*and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise; and the Person or Persons in such case mentioned, offending shall for each and every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds. Penalty 100L

XV. And be it further enacted, That all Spirits of Wine shall be made and kept of the Strength of Spirit# of Wine Forty threeper Centum over Hydrometer Proof at the least, and that the actual and true Strength of all therein Spirits of Wine shall be expressed and specified in the Request Note for a Permit, and in the Permit granted mentioned and, for or to accompany the Removal thereof, and shall be taken Account of by the Officer in the respective kept in a separate Stocks of every Dealer in and Retailer of Spirits according to the actual Strength thereof; and that every Place entered. Dealer in or Retailer, of Spirits shall keep all Spirits of Wine in a separate and distinct Cellar or Place entered

for that Purpose, in which no other Spirits or Foreign Wine or Sweets or Made Wines is, are or shall be kept; and if any Spirits of Wine shall from and after the passing of this Act be kept or removed of less If found of left Strength than as aforesaid, or .be mixed or mingled with any Foreign Wine, Foreign Spirits or other British or

Spirits, or by any means be reduced, lowered or weakened in the Strength thereof, or shall be removed rem0Ved without the Permit expressing the Strength thereof, or shall be found in or Upon the Premisea or in the without a Per-Custody or Possession of any such Dealer or Retailer as aforesaid, otherwise than in such separate entered or found in Cellar or Place as aforesaid; all such Spirits of Wine, and all Win# or Spirits with which any Spirits of Wine j?ther tha" a shall be so mii^d or mingled, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of ace>

57 Geo. III. I i Excise 5

Penalty aool. 52G.3c.i4*.

§3-

43 O.3. c. 132. §33 — 37-

Rum may be

taken out of Warehouse and allowed to be ftiipped in Calks containing not lets than 60 Gallons, as Stores, to be consumed on board, bee from Duty. Conditions.

[Penalty.]

Recovery and Application of Penalties.

A£i may be altered, &c. this Session,

C.J4. 5j. inte.

LordLientanant of Ireland may appoint Special Commissioners v for receiving Applications for Relief; and upon their Re com-

.123, 124. 57° GEORGII III. A.D. 1817.

Excise; and the Dealer or Dealers and Retailer or Retailers as aforesaid offending therein shall forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

XVI. And Whereas by an Act made in the Fifty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for permitting the Removal of Goods from one Bonding Warehouse to another in the fame Port, it is enacted,

that any Rum of the Growth or Produce of the British Sugar Plantations imported into Great Britain in any Calk of Sixty Gallons or upwards, shall be allowed to be warehoused in the same manner as Foreign

Brandy, Rum, Geneva, Spirits or Aqua Vitae, is or are, by an Act made in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled jn Act for permitting certain Goods imported into Great Britain to be ftcured in Warehouse without Payment of Duty, allowed to be warehoused: And whereas by the Laws now

in force such Rum may be delivered from or out of any such Warehouse to be shipped as Stores, to be spent and consumed on board any Ship or Vessel in any Voyage to Parts beyond the Seas, freed and difi- charged from all the Duties of Excise, provided such Rum be not so shipped in any Calk which shall contain less than One hundred Gallons: And Whereas it is expedient that such Rum mould be allowed to be shipped as aforesaid in Calks containing not less than Sixty Gallons be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, any Calk not containing less than Sixty Gallons of such Rum as aforesaid shall or may he delivered from or out of any Warehouse, and shipped as Stores to be (pent and consumed 00 board any Ship or Vessel in any Voyage to Parts beyond the Seas, freed and discharged from all the Duties of Excise, subject nevertheless to all and singular the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions and Provisiona, and all Fine*, 1 Penalties and Forfeitures, contained, provided, settled or established in or by all or any of the Laws now in force for or in respect of any Rum shipped or to be shipped as Stores, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the fame were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act: Provided always, that no Rum shall be shipped for Stores on board of any Ship (except by tbs special Order and Permiffioti of the Commissioners of Excise, ) but at the Port at which the Ship or Vessel is fitted out for the Voyage; and that the Oath required by Law to be made, that the fame is to be shipped as Stores to be spent and consumed in the Voyage, shall bAaada by Affidavit in Writing by the Mailer or Purser of such Ship or Vessel $ and that if the Contents of any inch Calk shall be drawn off, or the Rum or any Part thereof be used or altered, either in Quantity or Quality, before such Ship or Vessel shall have left the Port and failed upon her intended Voyage, such Cade or Calks an4 the Rum therein contained or drawn off shall be forfeited. Over and above the Penalty of the Bond given on the Shipment thereof, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this Act, shall be sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated by such Ways, Means or Methods as any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture may be sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; and that One Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture shall be to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them who shall inform, discover or sue for the same.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act, or any of the Provisions thereof may'be altered, varied or repealed by any Act to be made in this Session of Parliament.

CAP. CXXIV.

An Act to amend an Act made in the present Session of Parliament, for authorizing the Issue of Exchequer Bills, and the Advance of Money for carrying on Public Works and Fisheries, and Employment of the Poor. [i ith July 1817.

WHEREAS by an Act made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to authorise the Issue of Exchequer Bills, and the Advance of Money out of the C onfall dated Fund, to a limited 1 Amount, for the carrying on of Public Works and Fisheries in the United Kingdom, and Employment of the Poor in Great Britain, in manner therein mentioned, it is among other things enacted, that at any lime after the passing of the said Act, by or out of such Monies as shall at any time or times remain in the Receipt

of the Exchequer of Ireland, or out of the growing Produce of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom, arising in Ireland (after paying or reserving sufficient to pay all such Sum and Sums of Money

as have been dinefted by any former Act or Acts of Parliament to be paid in Ireland out of the said Consolidated Fund), there shall and may be ifftted, by Order of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or 1 'Governors of Ireland for the time being, from time to time, in manner and under the Regulations in the said Act mentioned and contained, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Two hundred and fifty thousand Pounds, to be applied to the Purposes of the said Act in manner and under the Regulations therein mentioned: And Whereas the present Distressed State of the Poor id feme Parts of Ireland may require more speedy Relief than could be afforded under the Regulations of the said recited Act f Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with tins Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That after the passing of this Act it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, and he and they is and are hereby authorized, to nominate and appoint so many and such Persons as he or they shall think fit, not exceeding (even in Number, to be Special Commissioners for the Purpose of receiving Applications for Relief in Cases of extreme Neeeffity; and upon the Report and Recommendation of such Commissioners or any Three of them, it shall he lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being to direct that any Part or Portion of the said Sum of Two hundred and fifty

15 thousand

A.D. 1817. 57 GJBORGII HL C. 124. 243

thousand Pounds (Hall be paid and advanced in Aid of any private or local .Contribution or Subscription for mentation, the Relief and Employment of the Poor in any Part or Parts of Ireland, to any Person or Persons what- Sums, Part of ever, and at any such time or times, and in any such manner and proportion, and under any such Regu- t, ie fal<* lations and Directiant as shall be suggested and recommended by such Commissioners, and as shall be approved 2e advSidfcr of and authorized by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time ^Employment being; any thing in the said recited Act of this Session of Parliament to the contrary in any wise of the Poor, notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners ft) to be appointed under the Authority of this Commissioners Act shall, whenever they shall be thereto required by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor ot to S, ve an Ac- Governors of Ireland^ or his or their Chief Secretary, transmit an Account or Accounts in Writing of all pUmjlthe, t their Proceedings under this Act, to the Office of such Chief Secretary, and the same shall be laid before both c{^f s^set^y. Houses of Parliament.

III. And Whereas many Public Works of Drainage are to be executed, or ate in the Course of Execution, under the Authority of Parliament, by Commissioners or Trustees, out of Taxes upon Land, or

other Funds or Revenues raised or charged to pay the Expences of such Works; and Doubts have arisen ( whether the said recited Act authorizes the Advance of Money to such Commissioners or Trustees for such Works, without personal Security, upon Conditions which are properly applicable to such Works of

Drainage Be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners for carrying Advances may

the said recited Act into Execution, to make any Advance of Money by Exchequer Bdfe, under the said be madrfbr recited Act, in Aid of any Work or Works of Drainage, either with or without Navigation, to be executed, or in the

the Course of Execution, by Commissioners or Trustees under the Authority of Parlhsmem; such Advances 0 116 to be made to such Commissioners or Trustees without personal Security, upon die Credit of any Rates dr

Taxes payable from any Lands or Grounds, or upon any other Funds or Revenues for such Works^1

Provided always, that in every such case of Advance for Works of Drainage under this Act or the said if Commissioners recked Act, the Commissioners for carrying the said recited Act into Execution shall be fatiefied of the f*u»fisd of the Utility of the Work, and that the Rates, Taxes, Funds and Revenues to be mortgaged and assigned ac- ^kyoftbc curding to the Provisions of the said recited Act, shall be an adequate Security for the said Advances.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all Exchequer Bills whatever which fhaR be made out in purfuSnce Exchequer Bilk, of the said recited Act, and shall be advanced for any of the Purposes in the said recited Act or this Act when ra7aWe* tnmtioned, shall be made payable on the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and twenty,

and at no other time 5 any thing in the Caid recited Act to the contrary notwithstandingu

V. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Advance shall be made under the Provisionrs of the said Rvguhting recited Act for the Use of any Parish, Township or Place in Great Britain, in which the Amount of the Advances to Money actually expended for the Relief of the Poor, in the Year ending at Easier One thousand eight Panrtie* hundred and seventeen, or ending at the usual Quarter Day immediately preceding Easter One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, shall not exceed by Three Fourths the average annual Amount of the Mosey expended

for the Relief of the Poor for the Three Years preceding Edfler One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, ot Audi not exceed by One Half the Amount so expended for the Year ending Easter One thousand eight hundred and sixteen; any thing in the said recited Act tathe contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Principal Sums contained in the Exchequer Bills which shall be Repaymsnt of advanced or lent by the said Commissioners for the Execution of this Act m Great Britain, under the Au- Exchequer Bilk, thorky of the Caid recited Act, the Payment whereof Audi not be otbevwife provided for purfuunt to the said recited Act, shall be repaid without Deduction or Abatement, together with Interest for the feme at and after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, to the Cashier or Cafltiers of the Bank of England^ at their Office, by the Space of Fifteen Days at lead before the time when each such Exchequer Bill shall be*, come payable according to the Provisions of this Act; such Interest to be computed on tn£ fold Principal Sum from the Date of fuclv Exchequer Bill to the time of the Payment thereof.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all the Claims of the Commissioners under the said recited Act shall Preference to be paid and satisfied out of the Estate and Effects of any Person or Persons who shall become Bankrupt, and Clams of Com-against whole Estate Sequest ration shall be awarded in Scotland, out of the Estate and Effects of such Bank- ^ners , on rupt or Bankrupts, and in preference to the Claim of any other Creditor or Creditors; nevertheless without £stat«/tS Prejudice to Preference, duly obtained according to the Law in Scotland, upon the Real ERates of Persons iWifo. who shall become Bankrupt.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners named in and appointed Advances may by the said recited Act, and their Successors for the time being, or any Three or more of them, to receive Ape Tnafte^of plications in Writing from the Trustees of any Road or Roads, Railway or Railways, or the Trustees or Com- Rotd^Har-jnissioners of any Harbour or Drainage, whether acting under the Authority of Parliament or otherwise, or hours, &c. u#t from any Person or Persons for the Encouragement of the Fiftteries, or the Support of any Collieries or Mines, acting under or from any Person or Persons proposing to employ the Poor of any Parish or Parifiles in Great Britain in Authority of any beneficial Object or Work, for the Loan and Advance of Money by Exchequer Rills or otherwise, accord-

ing to the said recited Act i and the said Commissioners shall proceed to take such Applications into their of Ftfheriea,

Confederation in such and the like Manner as any other Applications mentioned and referred to in the said re- Collieries fee.

eked Act, and to grant such Loan or Loans in pursuance thereof as the said Commissioners may think fit,

having regard, in considering all such Applications as are mentioned in the said recited Act and this Act, to

the Benefit which may arise in affording Erjployment for the labouring Classes of People and the Numbers

to be employed, ami to the Validity of the Security proposed for the Repayment of the Money or Exchequer

Bilk advanced.

IX. And '

244 C. 124.

57° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1817.

CommifHonen

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners named in and appointed may take Mort- fry the said recited Act, and their Successors for the time being, or any Three or more of them, in all Cases mem*°of^ee^" w^re they shah fee Occasion, in addition to the Security required by the said recited Act and this Act, and as a further Security for ^ny Loan to be made of any such Exchequer Bills mentioned in the said recited Act, or for Part of such Loan from any Principal or Surety in such Loan, to require and take Security by Mort-

hold, Copyhold or Leasehold Property, as further Security for Advances made.

g^es, Assignments, Surrenders or other competedt Assurance, upon the Freehold, Copyhold or Leasehold

Commissioners may take as additional Security, Heritable Securities on Estates in Scot-

Commissioner, may do all Acts requisite to give Effect to such heritable Security. or Assignment thereof.

ate or Estates of such Principal or Surety, or other Person or Persons by whom such Loan shall be required, or to or for whose Use such Loan shall be granted; such Mortgages, Assignments, Surrenders or other Security to be respectively granted and made to and in the Name of the Secretary to the said Commissioners for the time being, in Trust for the said Commissioners, and upon such Terms, Provisoes and Conditions as the said Commissioners or any Three or more of them shall direct and appoint with respect to such Loan, or any Part thereof.

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, in all Cases where they shall see Occasion, to accept and take as a further and additional Security for any Loan to be made of any Sum in such Exchequer Bills as aforesaid, under the said recited Act or this Act, or Part of such Loan, from any Principal or Surety in such Loan, or other Person or Persons having Lands, Heritages or other Real Estates in Scotland) or any heritable Security whatever, which may affect, incumber

land, and Adiga- or charge the said Real Estates of such Principal or Sureties, or such other Persons as aforesaid by the Laws of meats thereof. Scotland $ and also to accept and take as a like further and additional Security from any such Principal or Surety, or other Person or Persons possessed of any heritable Security, affecting, incumbering or charging any Real Estates in Scotland> any Assignment of such heritable Security proposed, according to the Forms preferred by the Laws of Scotland; and that every such heritable Security which shall be so granted and constituted, and every Assignment of any heritable Security which shall be so made as any such further and additional Security for such Loan as aforesaid, shall respectively be granted, constituted and made, to and in the Name of the Secretary of the said Commissioners for the time being, in Trust for the said Commissioners, in terms of Secretary, under the Loan, for which the same shall be a Security; and the said Secretary for the time being shall, under the Direction of Directions of the said Commissioners or any Three or more of them, have full Power and Authority to perform, execute and carry into Effect any Acts* Matters and Things whatsoever, which shall be requisite for the further and better assuring and validating any such heritable Security or Assignment thereof as aforesaid, and for enforcing, prosecuting and pursuing the fame, for the Recovery of thq Sums for which such Securities were respectively granted, constituted and made, in all Courts of competent Jurisdiction in Scotland^ as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the fame Securities respectively were granted, constituted and made to the Secretary for the time being, as a Security for his own proper Debt in Scotland; and that on Payment or Satisfaction of the Principal Sums for which such Security shall be given, with Interest for the fame, and all Costs incurred in recovering the fame, the said Secretary for the time being shall and he is hereby authorized, under the Direction of the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, to execute on Behalf of the said Commissioners a Discharge or Renunciation of the said Money so paid and satisfied, to he prepared at the Costs of the Party or Parties making such Payment or Satisfaction, according to the Forms prescribed by Law for discharging and renouncing any heritable Debt or Incuiqbrance upon a Real Estate in Scotland; and that such Discharge shall be good and valid in Law to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners named in and appointed further Security the recited Act, and their Successors for the time being, or any Three or more of them, in all Cafea Deposits of India where they shall see Occasion, to accept and take as a farther and additional Security for any Loan to be made Bonds, Exche- of any such Exchequer Bills mentioned in the said Act, or any Part of such Loan, over and above the Security quer Bills, Bills required by the said recited Act or this Act, any Exchequer Bills, India Bonds, or any transferable Share or of Exchange, 5: c. Shares in any Corporation, Company or Public Work carried on under the Authority of Parliament, Bills of or ot er nego- £xchange or other negociable Securities for Money whatever, which shall be assigned, transferred or deposited

for that Turpose, as the said Commissioners or any Three or more of them shall direct 5 and all such Exchequer Bills, India Bonds, Share or Shares in any such Corporation, Company or Public Works, Bills of Exchange, or other negociable Securities for Money fo/assigned, transferred or deposited, shall, in Default of Payment of such Loan in the Manner directed and appointed by the said Commissioners under and by virtue of the said recited Act or this Act, or any Three or more of them, become and be vested in the said Commissioners, and shall and may be sold and disposed of, or the Monies due or payable by virtue thereof shall and may be sued for in due Course of Law, in the Name of their Secretary for the time being, for the Use of the said Commissioners under the said recited Act.

XII. And be it further enacted, That no Bond to His Majesty, nor any heritable Securities, nor any Assignment of any heritable Securities, nor any Mortgage, Surrender, Assignment, or other Instrument or Assurance taken by the said Commissioners in the Name of their Secretary for the time being, or otherwise, under the said recited Act or this Act, nor any Examination, Affidavit, Depodtion, Receipt or Consent by Sureties or Surety to an Extension of Time granted by the said Commissioners for Payment of any Exchequer Bills advanced to any Principal by virtue of the said recited Act or this Act, or any Receipt or other Document that may be taken or made under and by virtue of the said recited Act or this Act, and for the Purpose of carrying the said Acts and each of them into Execution, shall be liable to any Stamp Duty whatever 5 any

thing in any Act or Acts in force in Great Britain or Ireland to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners under and by virtue of the said recited Act and this Act, in every Case in which it may become necessary, to sue and be lued in the Name of their Secretary for the time being; and that no Action or Suit in Law or Equity to be brought or I , 10; commedcoi

Commissioners may take, as a

ciable Securities.

Obligations, Mortgages, &c. taken by the Commissioners, Affidavits, Receipts, &c. not liable to Stamp Duty.

Commissioners may iue and be iued in the

A.D. 1817. 57° GEORGII III. C. 124, 125. 245

commenced by or against the said Commissioners 6n account of the said recited Act or this Act, in the Name N*me of their of their Secretary wr the time being shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of such Secretary i Secretary, or by the Act of such Secretary, without the Consent of the said Commissioners; but the Secretary.to the Actions against said Commissioners for the time being shall always be* deemed the Plaintiff or Defendant in such Actionor Commissioners Suit, as the Case may be; and no Action or Suit shall be brought against the said Commissioners collectively 'brought in or individually, or against their Secretary, except in His Majesty's Court of Exchequer in England, Scotland Exchequer of or Ireland respectively, and with the Leave of such Courts respectively first had and obtained, and upon such England, Scot-Terms and Conditions as the said Courts shall direct. land or Ireland.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners under the said recited Act Advance* may

and this Act, in every Case in which Jthey are empowered to make any Advance under the Provisions of he made at dif-the said recited Act, upon the Deposit of any Proportion specified in the said Act of the Money estimated as 011

[Proviso.]

the Coils of the Completion of the Whole of any Public Works, to make such Advances in different Sum€ at 5fti<ms °n" different Periods, and without requiring the Whole of any such Proportion to be provided by the Body Corporate or Politic, or Company of Proprietors, or Persons interested in such Public Works, to be expended or deposited as required by the said recited Act: Provided always, that in every such Case the Whole of such Proportion shall be actually subscribed for, and made subject to Calls under the Provisions of some Act or Acts of Parliament .relating to such Work, or be otherwise secured to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, and Twenty five Pounds per Centum thereon actually paid and deposited$ and provided always, that no such Advance to be from time to time made by the said Commissioners shall exceed Twice the Money actually from time to time raised, paid, expended or deposited upon any such Subscription; any thing in the said recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners for the Exe- Advance* may cution of the said recited Act in Great Britain, or any Three or more of them, upon any Applications which Remade to shall be made to them under the said Act from the Trustees of any Roads or Railways, or the Commissioners jTftee8 of for any Drainage, for the Advance of any Money by Exchequer Bills under the said recited Act, to grant R*J£*or Com-such Applications, upon having an adequate Fund for Repayment of the Money so advanced secured to the miflSoner*for Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, being not less in annual Amount than shall be sufficient to pay an In- Drainage, on an terest after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum on the Principal Money advanced, ana a farther adequate Fund.annual Sum of Five Pounds per Centum to be applied as a Sinking Fund for the Redemption of the Principal

so advanced, within such time as the said Commissioners for the Execution of the said Act shall direct and ap- being secured. point, and as shall be specified in the Mortgage or Assignment to be made of the Rates or Tolls of such Roads,

Railways or Drainage; and that in all Cases in which Security shall be given in manner aforesaid, it shall not Personal Secu-be required of the Party or Parties applying for such Advance to give or enter into any personal Security5; rity not required, any thing in the said Act contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XVI. And Whereas it is expedient that all Letters and Packets addressed to the Secretary to the said Letters, &c. to*Commissioners should pafff free of the Duty of Postage be it therefore enacted, That all Letters and Secretary of Packets addressed to the Secretary of the said Commissioners at their Office shall pass free of the Duty of ^poftaKe. Postage..*

CAP. CXXV.

An Act to authorize the thriving and keeping a Hackney Coach or Chariot under the fame Licence.

[11th July 1817.]

WHEREAS an Act of Parliament was made and passed in the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of His 54 G. 3. c. 147. present Majesty, intituled An Act for the better Regulation of the Drivers of Licensed Hackney Coaches, for explaining and amending an Act passed in the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty, relating to*Hackney Coaches, and for authorizing the licensing of a limited Number of Hackney Chariots (a); And Whereas*another Act of Parliament was made and passed in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, 55 G. 3. c 159,intituled An Act to amend several A3s relating to Hackney Coaches, for authorizing the licensing of an

additional 'Number of Hackney Chariots, and for licensing Carriages drawn by One Horse; whereby the Commissioners for licensing and regulating Hackney Coaches were empowered, in the manner in the said recited Acts directed, to license Hackney Chariots, not exceeding certain Numbers specified in the said Acts 2 And Whereas the Holder of a Licence to drive and keep a Hackney Coach Cannot, under the Authority of such Licence, drive or keep a Hackney Chariot, or the Holder of a Chariot Licence drive or keep a Hackney Coach, under the Authority of the same: And Whereas it would be beneficial both to the Persons keeping such Carriages and to the Public, and it is therefore expedient, that the present Holders of such Licences, or any Persons to whom Licences may hereafter be granted, should respectively be allowed to drive and keep Hackney Coaches or Chariots under the fame Licences, without a Special Licence for each Description of Carriage Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act it shall be f4mc Li-lawful for any Holder of a Licence already granted, or which may in future be duly granted by the Commissioners of Hackney Coaches, to keep or drive or cause to be driven either a Hackney Coach or a Hackney chariot. Chariot, under the Authority, of the fame Licence, without being subject to any Penalty by reason thereof; provided that no such Person shall drive or cause to be driven for Hire, at one and the fame ftme, more than

(a) [Sessions 1 — 13 of 54 G. 3. c. 147. relating to providings Tickets, repealed, 55 G. 3. c. 159. § i.]

One

Future Licence, whtt to Mtprefi.

Holder of Licence driving more than One Carriage at the same Time,

[Penalty.]

Coachman not to charge more than the Sum agreed for, though be exceeds the Distance.

5 % G-3. c.i6.

54 G. 3. c. 41.

repealed.

Persons forcibly eateriig House, Sic. with Intent to cut, break or destroy, or de« stroying or cutting &c. with Intent to destroy or render useless Machinery or Goods therein, to be deemed guilty of Felony.

Death.

Continuance of

A a.

.125, 106. 57° GEORGII III. A.D. 1817.

Oae Carriage under One and the fame Licence; and that in all Licence* to bt henceforth granted by the Commissioners of Hackney Coaches under the several Acts now in force relative to Hackney Coaches, it shall be expressed that the fame authorizes the driving or keeping a Hackney Coach or Hackney Chariot, but no mope than One Carriage at one and the same time, any thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary

notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That if any Holder of a Licence already or in future to be duly granted by the Commissioners of Hackney Coaches for the time being, or the major Part of them, to drive a Hackney Coach or Chariot, shall from and after the passing of this Act use or drive, or cause to be used or driven, f<*f Hire under such Licence, more than One Carnage (whether Coach or Chariot), at one and the same time, within the Cities of London or Westminster, or the Suburbs of the fame respectively, or any of the Parishes or Places comprized within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, or any other Place or Places within which, by any of the Laws now in force, Hackney Coaches and Chariots are to be driven, he or (be shall, upon being thereof convicted on the Oath of One or more credible Witoefs or Witnesses before the major Part of the said Cooir missioners, forfeit and pay for every such Offence a Penalty not exceeding Ten Pounds, in the Discretion of the major Part of the said Commissioners; One Half of which Forfeiture and Penalty shall go to His Majesty, and the other Half to the Informer, to be levied and recovered as any Penalty may be levied and recovered under any Act of Parliament relating to Hackney Coaches j or otherwise it shall be lawful for the major Part of the said Cpijunissioners to revoke the Licence of the Person so offending,

III- And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Person to require any Hackney Coachman to drive for a dated Suqi of Money a Didance in the Discretion of such Hackney Coachman; and in case such Coachman shall exceed the Didance to which such Person was entitled to be driven for such dated Sum of Money, the Coachman shall not be entitled to demand more than the Sum for which he was so engaged to drive,

CAP. CXXVI.

An Act to repeal an Act, passed in the Fifty fourth Year of His present Majesty, for the Puntfli*

ment of Persons destroying Stocking or Lace Frames, and Articles in such Frames; and to make,

until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and twenty, other Provisions in lieu

thereof.

[1 ith July 1817.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fifty second Year of Hi* present Majesty* Retfvr, intituled

An Act for the mare exemplary Punishment of Persons destroying or injuring any Stocking or Lace ( Frame*, or oth*{ Machines or Engine* used in the Framework Knitted Manufactory, or any Articles and Goods in such Frames or Machines; to continue in force until the First Day of March One thousand eight, hundred and fourteen: And Whecea* an Act passed in the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of His present« Majesty, intituled An Act to repeal an Act of the Fifty second Year of His present Majesty, for the Punishment of Person* destroying Stocking or Lace Frame*, or any Articles in such Frames, and to male other Pro- viftons infe ad thereof: And Whereas it is expedient that the said last recited Act of the Fifty fourth Year aforesaid Should be repealed, and other Provisions made instead thereof* Be it therefore enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Common*, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act the said last recited Act of the Fifty fourth Year aforesaid shall be repealed., and thfe fame is hereby repealed, Save and except as to so much of the said last recited Act as repeals the said recited Act of the Fifty second Year aforesaid, and also fare and except a* to any thing done before the passing of this Act, with respect tt* which the said Act shall remain and bt in full Force and Effect as if this Act bad not been made.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of thia Ad, if any Person or Persons dull by Day or by Night enter by force into any House, Shop or Place, with an Intent to cut or deftnpy any Framework Knitted Pieces, Stockings, Lace or other Articles or Goods, being in the Frame, or upon any Machine or Engine thereto annexed* or therewith to be used or prepared for that Purpose, or with ad Intent to break or destroy any Frame, Machine, Engine, Tool, Indrument or Utensil used in and for the working and making of any such Framework Knitted Pieces, Stockings, Lace or other Article* or Goode in the HoSiery or Framework Knitted Manufactory, or shall wilfully and maliciously, and without having the Consent or Authority of the Owner, destroy or cut, with an Intent to destroy or render u(cless, any Framework Knitted Pieces, Stockings, Lace or other Articles or Goode, being in the Frame or upon any Machine or Engine as aforesaid, or prepared for that Purpose, or shall wilfully aid maliciously, and without having the Consent or Authority of the Owner, break, destroy or damage, with an Intent to destroy or render useless, any Frame, Machine, Engine, Tool, Inftrqipeot or UtendT used in and for the working and making of any such Framework Knitted Pieces, Stockings, Lace or other Article* or Goods in the Hosiery or Framework Knitted Stockings, or Framework Lace Manu£actory 5 or shall wilfully and maliciously, and without having the Consent or Authority of the Owner, break pr destroy any Machinery containsd in any Mill or Mills used or any way employed in preparing qr (pinning of Wool or Cotton, or otheT Mati^ials, for the Use of the Stocking or Lace Manufactory, every Offender being thereof lawfully convicted shall be ad* judged guilty of Felony, and shall differ Death a* in cases of Felony without Benefit of Clergy.

III. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue and be in force until thp First Day of Avgifi, which will be in the Year of Our Lord One thousand eight hundred and twenty*

A.D. 18j^.'57° GEORGII III. C.r27. 147

CAP. CXXVII.

An Act to settle the Share of Prize Money, Droits of Admiralty, and Bounty Money payable to Greenwich Hospital, and for securing to the said Hospital all unclaimed Shares of Vessels found derelid, and of Seizures for Breach of Revenue, Colonial, Navigation and Slave Abolition Laws.

[1 ith July 1817.]

WHEREAS Doubts have arisen whether by virtue of the several Laws now iu force the Per-c£ntage heretofore payable to the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich out of all Prize Money,

Droits of Admiralty and Bounty Money, continued to be payable to the said Institution after the Expiration of the Hostilities which existed at the time Provision was made for the Payment of the said Percentage 5 4 and it is expedient that further Provisions and Regulations should be made relating thereto s' Be it -therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Greenwich Hofc Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefect Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of tbs pital entitled to fame. That immediately after the passing of this Act the said Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich it Five P* Ceat. the County of Kent shall be and are hereby declared to be entitled to receive the Sum of Five Pounds per herein^men* Centum, not only upon all Prizes takeh by any of His Majesty's Ships or Vessels up to the Termination of tioned-mCn" the said Hostilities, but also upon the Vet Proceeds of dll Prizes taken and condemned lined the Seventeenth and on Grants to Day of June One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, and upon all Grants made to the Royal Navy or Navy or Ma-Marines, and upon ail Bounty Monies and Seizures under the Revenue, Colonial, Navigation or Slave Abolition rine8*nd 00 Laws) and dllo upon ail Droits of Admiralty whatsoever, which shall have arisen and become payable, dt*

shall be distributable to or amongst the Officers and Crews of any of His Majesty's Ships or Vessels since the Droit* of Ad-said Seventeenth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and fourteen. miralty.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, all and every Prize Agent Prise Agents to and Prize Agents already appointed or hereafter to be appointed by virtue of any Act now in force, or of sod pay any Prize Act hereafter to be passed, shall, from and out of the Net Proceeds ot all Prizes taken and coii- demned since the said Seventeenth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, and from out of yive the Net Proceeds of all Bounty Bills, and of all Seizures under the Revenue, Colonial, Navigation or Slave on the Net Abolition Laws, and Of all Monies arising from Der£lifts, and of all Grants whatsoever which shall respect- Proceeds «f ively have come into their Hands since the said Seventeenth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and Prises,c. fourteen, and me not yet distributed, or shall hereafter come into their Hands, retain for the Use of the said Royal Hospital, and shall, within Ten Days next after the Account of the find Monies shall have been examined and certified by the Examiner of Naval Prize Accounts, or if there should be no such Officer, then within Ten Days from the Notification of any Distribution of the said Monies, pay over to the Treasurer of the said Royal Hospital, or his Deputy, or to any Person to be appointed by such Treasurer by Writing under his Hand and Seal to receive the same, for the Use of the said Royal Hospital, the Sum of Five pounds per Centum on the Net Proceeds of every such Prize, Grant or other Monies; and such Payment and the Receipt of the said Treasurer or his Deputy, or such Person so to be appointed as aforesaid, shall be a fuf* ficient Discharge to such Agent or Agents for the fame in his or their Accounts with all Persons entitled to any Share of any such Proceeds.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Receiver of the Droks of Admiralty for the time being shall and Receiver of he is hereby authorized and required, as soon after the Net Proceeds arising from any such Droits shall from Dro, ts of Admi-tnne to time have been ascertained, after the passing of this Act, and after the Expiration of the Period within Five^r

which any Appeal can be lodged against any Adjudication in relation to such Droits, as the fame can be done, on the*

deliver in an Account thereof, and pay over to the said Treasurer or his Deputy, Or such other Person or Per- Proceeds to the Tons as the Treasurer shall by any Writing under his Hand and Seal authorize and appoint to receive the same, Treasurer in Five Pounds per Ceritum upon the Amount of such Net Proceeds, for the Use of the said Hospital 1, ke manner.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in order to bring into One Act the several Provisions made for the Pre- Person* frlfeJy vention and Punishment of the Crimes of Personation and Forgery for the Purpose of obtaining Prize Money, 2(fuming the if any Person or Persons shall willingly or knowingly personate or falsely assume, or cause or procure of others any other Person to personate or falsely assume, the Name or Character of any Commissioned Officer, War*- ^titled to Pay rant or Petty Officer, or Sehman, or any Commissioned or Non-comnriffioned Officer of Marines or Marine} or Prise Money, or any other Person entitled or supposed to be entitled to any Wages, Pay, Prize Money, Bounty Money, in order to re-Pension Money or other Allowances of Money for or in respect of Services performed or supposed to have ccive been performed oji board of any Ship or Vessel of His Majesty, His Heirs or Successofs, or the Wife}

Widow, Executor or Administrator, Relation or Creditor of any such Officer, Seaman, or other Person as aforesaid, in order to receive any Wages, Pay, Prize Money, Bounty Money, Penfloq Money or other Allowances of Money due or supposed to be due for or in Tefpeft of the Services of any such Officer, Sea* mam, Marine or other Person as aforesaid, performed or supposed to have been performed on board of any Ship or Vessel of His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors 5 or shall falsely make, forge, counterfeit or alter, or counterfeiting or cause or procure to be falsely made, forged, counterfeited or altered, or willingly act or assist in the false betters of At-making, forging, counterfeiting or altering any Letter of Attorney, Order, Bill, Ticket, Certificate of Ser- torney, Stc. vice of other Certificate whatsoever, Assignment, last Will or other Power or Authority whatsoever, in older to receive or to enable any other Person to receive any Wages, Pa7, Pri2e Money, Bounty Money,

Peqfion Money or other Allowances of Money'due'or supposed to be due for or in respect of the Services of any such Officer, Seaman, Marine or other Person as afofcesaid, performed or fnppoied to have been performed on board of any Ship or Vessel of His Majesty, His Heirs or Successqsrs, with Intention to defnnid

any

248

or uttering such Letters of Attorney, See*

or taking a false Oath to obtain Probate of Wills or Letters of Administration, in order to receive Pay or Prise Money,

Death.

The Per-cent-age appropriated to current Services of Hof-

pkab

Hospital entitled to all forfeited and unclaimed Shares.

Agents for Distrlbution of Proceeds, fcc. subject to Regulations of 54 G. 3. c. 93.

43G. 3. C. 161.

48 G 3. c. 55.

Houses in Scotland with not

C. 127, 128. .57° GEORGII TIL A*.D. 1817.

any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate whatsoever 5 or shall utter or publish as true, or shall aid or assist in uttering or publishing as true, any false, forged, counterfeited or altered Letter of Attorney, Order, Bill, Ticket, Certificate of Service, or other Certificate whatsoever, Assignment, last Will or other Power or Authority whatsoever*, in order to receive any Wages, Pay, Prize Money, Bounty Money, Pension Money, or other Allowances of Money due or supposed to be due for or in respect of the Services of any such Officer, Seaman, Marine or other Person as aforesaid, performed or supposed to have been performed on hoard of any Ship or Vessel of His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, with Intention to defraud any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate whatsoever, knowing the same to be false, forged, counterfeited or altered; or shall willingly and knowingly take a false Oath to obtain the Probate of any Will or Wills, or to obtain Letters of Administration, in order to receive or to enable any other Person to receive any Wages, Pay, Prize Money, Bounty Money, Pension Money or other Allowances of Money due or supposed to be due for or in respect of the Services of any such Officer, Seaman, Marine or other Person as aforesaid, performed or supposed to have been performed on board of any Ship or Vessel of His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors; or shall demand or receive any Wages, Pay, Prize Money, Bounty Money, Pension Money, or other Allowances of Money due or supposed to be due for or in respect of the Services of any such Officer, Seaman, Marine or other Person as aforesaid, performed or supposed to have been performed on board any of His Majesty's Ships or Vessels, upon or by virtue of any Probate of any Will or Letters of Administration, knowing the Will on which such Probate shall have been obtained to be false, forged and counterfeited, or knowing the Probate of such Will, or such Letters of Administration as last: aforesaid, to have been obtained by means of any such false Oath as aforesaid, with Intention to defraud any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate whatsoever, then every such Person or Persons so offending, and being thereof convicted according to due Course of Law, shall be deemed guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as a Felon without Benefit of Clergy.

V. And be it further enacted, That when and as the said Percentage shall have been paid into the Hands of the Treasurer of the said Royal Hospital, the same shall be appropriated to the current Services of the said Royal Hospital.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich shall be and they are hereby declared to be entitled to all forfeited and unclaimed Shares of and in the Proceeds which shall have arisen or shall hereafter arise out of and from ail Vessels found derelidl by any of His Majesty's Ships or Vessels, and out of and from all Seizures for Breach of the Revenue, Colonial, Navigation and Slave Abolition Laws, made by any of His Majesty's Ships or Vessels, and of and from all Bounties given under the Laws for the Prevention of or relating to the Slave Trade; and all and every the Agent or Agents for the Payment or Distribution of all such Proceeds and Bounty or other Monies shall be subject to the fame Regulations, Rules, Penalties and Forfeitures, with respect to the unclaimed and forfeited Shares thereof, and the transmitting of Accounts and Payment of Balances to the said Royal Hospital as Prize Agents were subject to with respect to the Transmission of Accounts and Payment of Balances of Prize Money to the said Royal Hospital under an Act of Parliament passed in the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for regulating the Payment of Navy Prize Moneys and the Transmission of Accounts and Payment of Balances to Greenwich Hospital.

CAP. CXXVIII.

An Act for extending the Exemptions from the Duties granted by certain Acts of the Forty third and Forty fifth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, in Dwelling Houses in Scotland: and for altering the Manner of claiming and ascertaining the Exemptions to be granted.

[11th July 1817.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for repealing the several Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and granting new Duties in lieu thereof; for granting new Duties in certain cases therein mentioned';

for repealing the Duties of Excise on Licences, and on Carriages conjlruded by Coachmakers, and granting new Duties thereon, under the Management of the said Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and also new Duties on Persons selling Carriages by Au3ion or on Commission; it was amongst other things enacted, That ' any Person inhabiting a Dwelling House in Scotland, containing not more than Three Windows in the Whole, and under the Annual Rent of Twenty Shillings, should he exempted from the Duties contained in f Schedule (A.) of that Act, in case such Person should he poor and indigent, and should not be assessed or

liable to be assessed to any of the Duties contained in Schedules (B.) (t.) (D.) or (E.) of that Act:

And Whereas the said Duties contained in the said Schedule (A.) of that Act nave been since increased by

an Act passed in the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for repealing the Duties if Assessed Taxes, and granting new Duties in lieu thereof and certain additional Duties to be consolidated therewith; and also for repealing the Stamp Duties on Game Certificates, and granting new Duties in lieu thereof to be placed under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes; and it is «x-

pedient to grant Exemptions to Persons resident in Scotland, in Houses having more Windows, and of greater Annual Value, and in a different manner than in the said first recited Act is mentioned May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted 5 and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Twenty fourth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, any Person inhabiting a Dwelling House in

Scotland,

A.D. 1817. 57° GEO. RGII III. €.128, 129. 249

Scotland, containing not more than Four Windows in the whole, and not exceeding the Rent or Value of more th*n Four Three Pounds Sterling, shall be exempted from the Duties contained in the several Schedules of the said Windows, and recited Acts respectively marked (AJ, or either of the said Acts, in case such Person shall not be assessed, nor liable to be assessed, to any of the Duties contained in the said several Schedules of the said recited Acts, ^pted fr^m respectively marked (B.), (C.) (D.l or (E.)> or any of the said Schedules. Duty;

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Twenty fourth Day of May One thousand eight a, alfoHouses hundred and seventeen, any Person inhabiting a Dwelling House in Scotland, containing not more than Six with not more Windows in the whole, and not exceeding the Rent or Value of Five Pounds, shall be exempted from the than s, x Win-Duties contained in the several Schedules of the said recited Acts respectively marked (A.), or either of the l, °ws> not ex- said Acts, in case such Person shall be poor and indigent, and shall not be assessed to any of the Duties coii- i^the^nhabitants tained in the said several Schedules of the said recited Acts respectively marked (B.), (C.), (D.) or (E.), or are indigent, &c. any of the said Schedules; which Exemption shall be proved and claimed in the manner herein after mentioned; that is to say, where any such Dwelling House shall be brought into Charge by virtue of the said recited Acts, Notice to be and the Occupier or Occupiers thereof shall be entitled to the said Exemption by reason of Poverty as herein- given to the Sor-before specified, then and in every such case the Person and Persons so entitled to Exemption shall give veyor, who ftull Notice thereof to the Surveyor of the District, who shall forthwith enter on the Assessment the Fad that such povert'*of the Notice hath been given, and his Opinion whether any of the said Persons, and which of them, are or is entitled claimant, to the said Exemption or not; and every such Surveyor shall, -before the Assessment for the same Parish or proceedings by Place shall be allowed, forthwith certify the same to any One of the Commissionera of Supply of the District Surveyor, resident in or near the said Parish or Place where such poor Person or Persons shall reiide, who shall forthwith issue his Summons to Five, Four or Three substantial Householders of the same Parish or Place, to assemble on a Day and at a Place to be mentioned in the said Summons, to ascertain the Fad of Poverty entered on the said Assessment; and the said Surveyor and Inhabitants, being so assembled, shall carefully examine the Assessment of the said Duties for the said Parish or Place as far as respects the Persons who shall have given such Notices, and ascertain the Fads entered thereon by such Ways and Means as they shall think necessary, either from their own Knowledge, or from the Information of others who may attend, and who shall be then and there examined touching the Truth of the Allegations made by the Person or Persons so charged; and Certificate of la-after such Examination and Inquiry the said Inhabitants shall by their Certificate under their Hands certify to habitants of the Commissioners of the said District the Names of the Persons entitled to such Exemption, and every Person Natnes of Ptt-returnedby such Certificate to be entitled to such Exemption shall be exempted accordingly, unless the said Sur- Exem^kNial^ yeyor shall object to the said Certificate, in which case the said Commissioners shall examine the said Surveyor and XCmpl

ny other Person or Persons touching the Validity of his Objection, and after such Examination shall confirm or discharge the said Certificate as to such Person or Persons only to whom the Objection of the said. Surveyor shall relate; Provided always, that the Name of every Person so exempted, and the Number of Windows and Amount of Rent of Value of the House occupied by such Person, shall remain on the Assessment without Charge for that Year.

CAP. CXXIX.

An Act for vesting in His Majesty a certain Part of the Open Commons and Waste Lands within the Manor or Royalty of Rialton and Retraighe alias Reter.th in the Parish of Saint Columb Major, in the County of Cornwall.

[11 th July 1817.]

WHEREAS The King's Most Excellent Majesty* in Right of His Crown* is seizedto Himself, His T Heirs and Successors, of the Manor or Royalty of Rialton and Retraighe alias Reterth in the County - of Cornwall, and of certain open Commons and Waste Lands within and Parcel of the fame Manor, which ? are computed to contain Eight hundred and.fifty Acres or thereabouts, and are usually called Castle Dennis f otherwise Castle Dinnts otherwise Castle an Dennis Down, and of a certain Moor called the Goft Moor,

adjacent thereto; and His Majesty, in Right of His Crown, is also seized of or entitled to certain Meff fuages, Farms, inclosed Lands and Grounds situate within the Parish of Saint Columb Major in the said County of Cornwall, called Trevithick and Reterth, and the Lessees or Occupiers of such Farms are en-

titled to Rights of Common upon and over the said Commons, Moor and Waste Lands: And Whereas Sir

William Lemon Baronet, Mary Harris Spin Her, Richard Rowe Esquire, John Peter Doctor of Physic,

Richard Vivian Esquire, William Drew, John Henwood and James Haw kin, are the Owners or Pro*

prietors of certain ancient Messuages, Cottages, inclosed Lands and Grounds within the said Parish of

Saint Columb Major in the said County of Cornwall, and as such claim to be entitled to Rights of Common upon and over the said Commons, Moor and Waste Lands: And Whereas the said Commons, Moor

+ and Waste Lands in their present State yield but little Profit, and are incapable of any considerable Improvement; but if the fame were divided, and a specific Part thereof allotted unto His Majesty, and the

Residue thereof was to be set out and remain to and for the Use and Benefit of the several other Persons interested therein, and if the Allotment to His Majesty was separated and set apart from the Remainder of the said Lands, great Benefit and Advantage would accrue from such Division and Inclosure to His Majesty, as

well as to the several Persons having Rights of Common in and over the said Lands; but such beneficial

Purposes cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal,

*and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That John Martyit Commissioners. Bligh of Stone, in the County of Cornwall, and John Hayward of Truro, in the same County, Surveyors, and their Successora to be nominated or appointed in manner herein after mentioned, shall he and they are hereby appointed Commissioners for dividing, allotting and inclosing the said Commons and Moor, and ml the

57. Geo. III. Kk said

250

Commissioners to befworn.

Oath.

For appointing new Commissioners from time to time.

ComtnUfionert, John Hayward, &c. dying, surviving Commissioner how to act.

If Commissioners of Woods, &c. or Proprietors of Lands, Sec. ne-gleft to appoint new Commissioners within a limited time, surviving Commissioner to make such Appointment.

Commissioners neglecting to at-

C. 129. 57° GEORGII III. A.D. 1817.

said Open Commonable Lands and Grounds, and for carrying into Execution the several other Purposes of this Act in such manner as is herein after provided or mentioned-

II. And be it further enacted, That no Commissioner shall act in the Execution of any of the Powers by* this Act granted save and except the Power of signing and giving Notice of the First Meeting of the said Commissioners), until he shall have taken and subscribed the following Oath; which Oath any One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County of Cornwall may administer; (that is to say),

I A.B. do swear £or, being one of the People called Quakers, do solemnly affirm], That I will faithfully, honestly and impartially, according to the bed of my Skill and Judgment, execute the Trusts reposed in

me as a Commissioner, by virtue of an Act passed in the Fifty seventh Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled \here insert the Title of this Act-\; and that I am neither Proprietor or

Occupier of, nor to the bed of my Knowledge am I concerned as Guardian, Steward or Agent for any

Proprietor of Mefiuage3, Cottages, Houses, Lands or Grounds, or other Person having or claiming any

Right of Common, or any Manorial Rights, Tithes or any other Right or Intered whatsoever in, over or upon the Open Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds to be divided, allotted and inclosed by virtue of the said Act. So help me GOD.*

III. And be it further enacted, That in case the said John Martyn Bligh, or any Person to be nominated or appointed a Commissioner in his Room or Stead by virtue of this Act, shall die, neglect, refuse or become incapable to act as such Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, then and in such case it shall be lawful for the Commissioners for the time being of His Majesty's Woods, Foreds and Land Revenues, by any Writing under their Hands, within One Calendar Month after such Death, Neglect, Refusal or Incapacity as aforesaid shall be made known to them, to nominate and appoint a proper Person (not intereded in the said intended Division, Allotment and Inclosure) to be a Commissioner in the Room or Stead of the said John Martyn Blight or of such other Person nominated or appointed in his Room or Stead so dying, neglecting, refusing or becoming incapable to act as aforesaid, and so from time to time as often as any Commissioner to be nominated and appointed by the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Foreds and Land Revenues as aforesaid, shall die, neglect, refuse or become incapable to act as such Commissioner in the Execution of this Act 5 and in case the said John Hayward, or any Person to be nominated and appointed a Commissioner in his Room or Stead by virtue of this Act, shall die, neglect, refuse or become incapable to act in the Execution of this Act, then and in every such case the surviving or remaining Commissioner shall, within Fourteen Days next after such Death, Neglect, Refusal or Incapacity shall happen to be known to him, summon a Meeting (of which Meeting Twenty one Days' Notice at the lead, and of the Purpose thereof, shall be given by Advertisement in the Cornwall Gazette Newspaper, if then published, and if not, then in some other Newspaper printed or circulated in the said County of Cornwall, ) of all and every the Owners or* Proprietors claiming such Rights as aforesaid, to be holden within Thirty Days from the Date of such No-tice; and the major Part in Value of such Owners or Proprietors who shall attend such Meeting in Person, or by their Agents or Proxies duly authorized for that Purpose, such Value, in case of any Difference or Dispute touching the fame, to be ascertained by Reference to the Land Tax Assessments of the said Parish, shall and they are hereby required at such Meeting to nominate and appoint, by any Indrument in Writing under their Hands, or under the Hands of their Agents or Proxies, some (it and proper Person, not intereded in the said intended Division, Allotment and Inclosure, to be a Commissioner in the Room or Stead of the said John Hayward, or of such other Person nominated and appointed in his Room or Stead so dying, neglecting, refusing or becoming incapable to act as aforesaid, and so from time to time as often as any Commissioner to be nominated and appointed by such Persons having Rights of Common or other Rights as aforesaid, or by their Agents or Proxies, shall die, neglect, refuse or become incapable to act as such Commissioner in the Execution of thiBAft; and every Person to be nominated and appointed to act as a Commissioner in manner as aforesaid shall, after taking and subscribing the Oath herein prescribed in that behalf, have the like Powers and Authorities in every respect for carrying this Act into Execution, and shall be subject and liable to the like Rules, Regulations and Restrictions, as if such Person or Persons had been originally nominated a Commissioner or Commissioners in and by this Act.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the said Commissioners for the time being of

His Majesty's Woods, Foreds and Land Revenues, or the said Persons having such Rights of Common or other Rights as aforesaid, or their Agents or Proxies as aforesaid, or either or any of them respectively, shall make Default in nominating and appointing any new Commissioner so directed to be nominated and appointed by them respectively as aforesaid within the respective times for that Purpose limited, and in manner aforesaid, then and in every such case it shall be lawful for the surviving or remaining Commissioner, and he is hereby required from time to time, by Writing under his Hand, within One Calendar Month next after the Expiration of such respective times so allowed for nominating and appointing such new and succeeding Commissioners as aforesaid, to nominate and appoint a fit and proper Person, not intereded in the said intended Division, Allotment and Inclosure, to be a Commissioner in the Room or Stead of such Commissioner so dying, neglecting, refusing or becoming incapable to act as aforesaid; and every Commissioner so nominated and appointed shall, after taking and subscribing the Oath herein prescribed in that behalf, have the like Power and Authority for carrying this Act into Execution, and shall be subject and liable to the like Rules, Regulations and Restrictions* as if he had been originally nominated a Commissioner in and by this Act.

V. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if either of the said Commissioners hereby nominated shall refuse or neglect to attend at the Fixft Meeting appointed to be holden for carrying this Act into

Execution,

A.D. 1817. 57° GEORGII III. C. 129.

Execution, and duly qualify himself by taking and subscribing the Oath herein prescribed in that behalf, or if either of the said Commissioners shall at any time after the said First Meeting wilfully abGent himself from any Three following successive Meetings appointed to be holden by virtue of mis Act, or having been absent from Two successive Meetings, shall not attend during the whole of the Third or next succeeding Meeting, such Meetings being known to him, either by his being present at the Appointment thereof, or by Notice thereof iu Writing having been given to him or left at his last or usual Place of Abode by the Clerk or Clerks of the said Commissioners, and such Commissioner not having been prevented by Sick-nefa or other reasonable Excuse, to be allowed by the other Commissioner, from attending or continuing at such Meeting or Meetings; or if any Commissioner to be dominated and appointed in manner by this Act directed shall not attend and qualify himself to act as ar Commissioner in the Execution of this Act at the First Meeting of the said Commissioners after his Nomination or Appointment, or shall thereafter wilfully absent himself from any Three following successive Meetings to be holden by virtue of this Act, or having been absent from Two successive Meetings, shall not attend during the whole of the Third or next succeeding Meeting, such Meetings being known by him, either by his being present at the Appointment thereof, or by Notice thereof in Writing having been given to him or left at his last or usual Place of Abode by the Clerk or Clerks to the said Commissioners, and such Commissioner not being prevented by Sicknefa or other reasonable Cause, to be allowed by the other Commissioner, from attending or continuing at such Meetings; then and in every of such cases such Absence or Non Attendance shall be deemed and taken to be a Refusal to act within the Intent and Meaning of this Act.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any Difference or Disagreement of Opinion shall arise between the Commissioners for carrying this Act into Execution, touching or concerning any matter or thing to be done by them, by virtue or in the Execution of this Act, the said Commissioners from time to time, w^en and so often as such Difference or Disagreement of Opinion shall arise between them, shall by Writing Under their Hands appoint some fit and proper Person, not being interested in the said intended Division, Allotment and Inclosure, nor being the Attorney or Agent of any Person so interested, to be an Umpire between them; and the matter upon which such Difference or Disagreement of Opinion shall or may arise shall be referred to and shall be settled and determined by such Umpire, whose Determination shall be made in Writing, and shall be binding and conclusive upon all Parties whomsoever; and for the Purposes aforesaid, but not for any other Purpose, such Umpire shall have and he is hereby vested with the fame Powers And Authorities as are by this Act given to or vested in the said Commissioners; but no Person shall be capa* ble of acting as such Umpire as aforesaid, until he shall have taken and subscribed an Oath in the Form or to the Effect following; (that is to say, )

J do swear, That I will faithfully, impartially and honestly, according to the best of my Skill and Judgment, execute and perform the several Powers and Authorities vested

and reposed in me as an Umpire by virtue of an Act passed in the Fifty seventh Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act [here insert the Title of this Act*], according to Equity and good Con-

science, and without Favour or Affection, Prejudice or Partiality, to any Person or Persons whomsoever.

So help me GOD.*

\Vhich Oath the said Commissioners or either of them are and is hereby empowered to administer; and such Oath, and also the Writing appointing an Umpire^ shall be annexed to and enrolled with the Award of the said Commissioners.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby authorized and empowered to appoint a Clerk or Clerks to assist them in the Execution of this Act, and shall and may remove such Clerk or Clerks, and appoint another or others in his or their Room or Stead, as often as to them shall seem meet; and in case of the Death, Incapacity, or declining or neglecting to act of any such Clerk or Clerks, then and in any of such cases the said Commissioners shall and may appoint any other Person or Persons they may think proper to be their Clerk or Clerks.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners for the time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, as soon as conveniently may be after the passing of this Act, by Writing under their Hands, to nominate and appoint some fit and proper Person or Persons, not interested in the said Division, to be the Surveyor or Surveyors, for the Purpose of viewing, fur-veying and measuring the said Commons anti Moor, and all the said Open Commonable Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted and inclosed; and such Surveyor or Surveyors is and are hereby accordingly authorized and directed, a9 soon as conveniently may be after he or they shall be so nominated and appointed, to view, survey and measure the fame Lands or Grounds, and to describe and lay down the fame by way of Map or Plan, or to use for that Purpose any Map or Plan or Maps or Plans already made, and thereon, or in a Book of Reference to be annexed thereto, shall be set forth the Number of Statute Acres and Deci-toal Parts of an Acre t>f all the Lands and Grounds so authorized and directed to be surveyed as aforesaid; and that when and so soon as the said Surveyor or Surveyors shall have finished and completed the said Survey, Map or Plan, he or they shall, by Notice in Writing under his or their Hand or Hands, apprize the said Commissioners thereof, and appoint a time and Place for a Meeting with them, of which Meeting Fourteen Days previous Notice at the least shall be given to the said Commissioners; at which Meeting the said Surveyor or Surveyors shall deliver unto the said Commissioners his or their Survey, Plan and Book of Reference, and shall subscribe the fame with his or their Name or Names in the Presence of the said Commissioners, who shall attest the same.

K k 2 IX. And

251

tend Meetings, considered as a Refusal to act.

Umpire to be appointed.

Umpire not to act before Oath taken.

Umpire'* Oath;

Comroiffionevc may administer.

Commissioners to appoint a Clerk or Clerks.

Surveyors appointed by Commissioners of Woods.

Duty of fdch Surveyors.

25« C. 129. 57° GEORGII III. A.D. 1817.

Surveyor not to

IX. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall act as a Surveyor in the Execution of any of the Powers aft before Oath, hereby given, until he shall have taken and subscribed the Oath following; (that is to say, )

Form of Sur-«B, do swear£or, being one of the Persons called Quakers, do solemnly affirm]. That I will faithfully#

veyor s Oath. < impartially and honestly, according to the heft of my Skill and Judgment, execute the several Powers and Authorities veiled and reposed in me as a Surveyor by virtue of an Act passed in the Fifty seventh Year of 1 the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act [here insert the Title of this Atf\y without Favour or ' Affection, Prejudice or Partiality, to any Person or Persons whomsoever. ' So help me GOD.*

Commissioners may administer.

For appointing new Surveyors front time to time.

If Commissioners of Woods make Default in appointing a Surveyor, then Commissioners for executing this Act shall appoint.

Commissioners' Award to be made within Two Years from Survey.

Allowance to Commissioners, Clerks and Surveyors.

Proprietors and Attornies to pay their own Expences.

Proxy.

Time and Place of First and other Meetings of Commissioners.

Notice to be $iven.

Which Oath or Affirmation it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners or either of them to administer; an4 the said Oath when so taken shall be written on Parchment, and subscribed by the said Surveyor or Surveyors# and duly attested by the said Commissioners under their Hands, and shall be enrolled with the Award to be made by the said Commissioners.

X. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Surveyor or Surveyors so to be appointed as aforesaid# or any succeeding Surveyor or Surveyors to be nominated or appointed a Surveyor or Surveyors in his or their Room or Stead by virtue of this Act, shall die, neglect, refuse or become incapable to act as such Surveyor in the Execution of this Act, then and in every such case it shall be lawful for the Commissioners for the time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, by any Writing under their Hands, within Twenty eight Days after such Death, Neglect, Refusal or Incapacity as aforesaid shall be made known to them, to nominate and appoint some other fit and proper Person, not interested in the said intended Division# Allotment and Inclosure, to be a Surveyor in the Room or Stead of any Surveyor so dying, neglecting, refilling or becoming incapable to act as aforesaid, and so from time to time as often as any Surveyor to be nomir nated and appointed by virtue of this Act shall die, neglect, refuse or become incapable to act as such SurT veyor in the Execution of this Act; and every Person to be nominated and appointed to act as a Surveyor in manner aforesaid, shall, after taking and subscribing the Oath herein prescribed in that behalf, have the like Powers and Authorities in every respect for carrying this Act into Execution, and shall be subject and liable to the like Rules, Regulations and Restrictions, as if such Person or Persons had been originally nominated a Surveyor or Surveyors in and by this Act.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if the Commissioners for the time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues shall make Default in nominating and appointing any Surveyor or Surveyors fa directed to be nominated and appointed by them as aforesaid, within the time for that Purpose limited, and iti manner aforesaid, then and in every such case it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners acting in the Execution of this Act, and they are hereby required from time to time by Writing under their Hands, within One Calendar Month next after the Expiration of the time so allowed for nominating and appointing any new and succeeding Surveyor or Surveyors as aforesaid, to nominate and appoint a proper Person, not interested irf the said Division and Inclosure, to be a Surveyor in the Room or Stead of any such Surveyor so dying, refilling or becoming incapable of acting as aforesaid; and every Surveyor so nominated and appointed shall, after taking and subscribing the Oath prescribed in that behalf, have the like Powers and Authorities, and shall be subject to th^ like Rules, Regulations and Restrictions, as if he hrad been originally appointed a Sur* veyor under and by virtue of this Act.

XII. And be it further enacted, That after the said Surveyor shall have made and delivered his Survey of the said Open Commonable Lands, Moor and Waste Ground, to the said Commissioners, in manner hereiq directed, the said Commissioners shall proceed in the Execution of this Act with all possible Dispatch, and make their Award within Two Years after they shall have received the said Survey from the said Surveyor^ unless the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues for the time being, shall by any Writing under their Hands think fit to extend or enlarge the time for making the same, in which case such Award shall he made within such extended or enlarged time or times.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall be paid the Sum of Three Guineas e*y: h, and no more, for each Day they shall be actually attending in and about the Execution of this Act, and in travelling to and from the Meetings necessary for that Purpose, the same to include and be in Satisfadioii of all Costs and Expences in travelling and, otherwise, which they shall be put to in executing the fame 5 and that the Surveyors and the Clerk or Clerks shall be paid and allowed for their Pains and Trouble such Suiri or Sums of Money as the said Commissioners shall think just and reasonable; and that every Proprietor* Attorney and Agent, who shall attend the said Commissioners at any of their Meetings to be held in pursuance of this Act, shall pay his own Expences at all such Meetings; and in such cases as the Objection or Approbation of the Proprietors of any Ad, matter or thing to be done or proposed to be done in pursuance of this Act, is directed to be made and testified at any Meeting or Meetings, it shall be lawful for the Proprietors to attend such Meeting or Meetings by their respective Agent? or Proxies, duly authorized by Writing under his, her or their Hand or Hands, whose Acts or Votes shall be as effectual as if such Proprietors were present in Person.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the First Meeting of the Commissioners for putting this Act into Execution shall be held at the House known by the Sign of The Red Lion in the Town of Saint Columa in the County of Cornwall aforesaid, or at some other convenient House or Place in the Town aforesaid, within Two Calendar Months after the passing of this Act, or as soon after as Circumstances will admit 5 and that the said Commissioners shall cause Notice in Writing to be affixed upon each of the principal outer Doors of the Church of the said Parish of Saint Columb Majors and also a like Notice to be given by Advertisement to be inserted in the Cornwall Gazette Newspaper, if then published, and if not, then in some other Newspaper usually circulated in the said County of Cornwall, of the time and Place of their First and every" future Meeting (Meetings by Adjournment only excepted) for the Execution of the Powers hereby vested in them. Fourteen Days at least before the times appointed for such respective Meetings; and in case only One of the

said

A.D. 18?* 57° GEORGII TIL 6.129;

said Commissioners shall attend at the Time and Place appointed for arty Meeting/or lo which any Meeting proviso in case shall be adjourned, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioner, and to and for the Clerk or Clerks to the said of only One or CommissionerB, in case neither of the said Commissioners shall attend, to adjourn the said Meeting to be holden no Commissioner on any future Day. not exceeding Twenty one Days from the Day of Adjournment, at the fame or some other attend, D£* > convenient Place within Eight Miles of the said Parish; and the Commissioner or Clerk or Clerks making such Adjournment is and are hereby required to give timely Notice thereof to the absent Commissioner or Commissioners,

XV. And be it further enacted, That all other public Notices requisite or necessary to be given by the Other Notices, said Commissioners, shall be given, by Advertisement to be inserted in the said Cornwall Gazette Newspaper, howto be given, if then published, and if not, then in some other Newspaper usually circulated in the said County of Cornwall.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, after the passing of this Act, dig. Taking Turf, cut or take away any of the Turf, Bushes, Underwood or Soil of the Lands or Grounds to be divided,c* avray.allotted and inclosed by virtue of this Act, for any Use or Purpose whatsoever, under any Right, Privilege La, ds int °, c'or Claim, or Pretence of Right, Privilege or Claim whatsoever, then and m every such case, on due Proof

made before the said Commissioners on Oath, (which Oath the said Commissioners are hereby empowered to administer, ) the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required, by Warrant under their Hands and '

Seals, directed to any Person or Persons whomsoever, to cause any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Five Pounds to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so offend- Penalty, ing it* the Premises, rendering the Overplus (if any) on Demand to the Person or Persons whose Goods add Chattels shall be so distrained and fold, after deducing the Costs and Charges attending such Distress and Sale; and the Money so to be levied as aforesaid shall be applied towards the Payment of the Costs, Charges and Expences of obtaining and executing this Act.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That all Intakes or Encroachments made on the said Commons, Moor Certain En-or Waste Lands, and which have been made withia the Space of Thirty Years now last past, and for which croachments to no Licence or Grant shall have been obtained from the Crown, shall be deemed and considered Part and all0't: , blp-Parcel of the Lands and Grounds to be divided, allotted and inclosed by virtue of this Act, as if the fame

were actually lying open and uninclosed.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby authorized and Commissioners required, before they proceed to make any Division or Allotment directed by this Act, to set out and appointmPoweiecl to any new and additional public Roads or Highways, or any new Tracts or Ways for such public Roads

or Highways, in and over the said Commons, Moor or Waste Lands, and to make such Order or Orders and to turn and*

as to them shall seem proper in relation thereto, subject to the restrictions, Provisions and Directions of this flop Roads, &c.

Act; and that the said Commissioners shall and may turn or abate and flop up, or cause or order to be turned,

or abated and flopped up, any ancient Carriage Road or Way, Roads or Ways, or any ancient Footway or

Path, Footways or Paths, in, through, upon or over any of the Lands and Grounds hereby authorized and'-

directed to be divided and inclosed, where they shall judge it requisite or expedient, and to make such Order or Orders as to them shall seem proper for that Purpose, subject nevertheless to the Provisions, Restrictioria

and Directions of this Act: Provided always, that no Turnpike Road shall be altered or diverted without Proviso as to

the Consent of the Trustees having the Care and Management thereof, or any Five or more of them, at a Consent of

public Meeting of such Trustees, to be convened by due Notice and held for that Purpose, nor any public Trustees of

Highway or Road be shut up or discontinued until the Road or Roads so marked out as intended to be Roa s*

and remain public Highways shall be set out and made, according to the Directions of this Act, and until the fame shall be properly formed and made convenient and safe, for Horses, Cattle and Carriages: Provided Proviso for keep-

also, that all private Roads, Ways and Footpaths which shall be set out and appointed by the said Commiss UP Private

sioners, shall be made and for ever maintained and kept in Repair by such Person or Persons, and in such Roads#

manner a6 the said Commissioners shall by their Award, or by any other Writing under their Hands, order,

direct or appoint.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required, as soon Allotments for as conveniently may be, after setting out such public Roads and Highways as by this Act are directed, to RePairs ot let out and allot unto and for the Formation and Repairs of the Highways made or to be made within the Roads'

Limits of the said Commons, Moor or Waste Lands, so much and such Part and Parts of the Open and Commonable Lands and Grounds within the same, and in such Places, as the said Commissioners shall think proper, for getting Stone, Gravel or other Materials for the Formation or for the Repairs from time to time for ever, of the public and private Roads and Highways made or to be made within the Limits of the said Commons, Moor or Waste Lands, and the Grass and Herbage arising therefrom shall be veiled in such Person as the said Commissioners shall allot the fame unto and the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby also authorized and required to set out Watering Places on the said Lands and Grounds hefeby directed to be divided, allotted and inclosed, for Cattle and Bealls, for the common Ufc and Benefit of all Persons who are or shall be entitled to Rights of Common in or over the said Lands or Grounds.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby authorized and re- Allotment to ihe quired, after making and setting out the several Allotments hereinbefore mentioned, to divide, set out and King.

allot one full Moiety or Half Part of all the Rest, Residue and Remainder of the said Commons, Moor and other Commonable Lands hereby directed to be divided, allotted and inclosed, due Regard being had to the Quality and Situation thereof, unto The King's Most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, in lieu and compensation as well of His Majesty's Right of Soil as Lord of the said Manor or Royalty, as also in lieu and compensation of and for the Rights of Common and other Rights of His Majesty's Tenants,

Leilecs or Occupiers of the said Meflimges, Farms, inclosed Lands and Grounds called Trevithick and Reterth,

upon

Allotment of the Residue.

Commissioners to set out private Roads toHisMa-jerty'sAllotrrent. Three Originals of Award; One to be enrolled in the Exchequer, One in the Office of the Auditor of the 1-and Revenue,

and the Third deposited with Clerk of the Peace.

Proviso for Tithes.

How Fences to the King's Allotment made.

The King's Al-lament held freed of Claires of Lessees as herein mentioned.

Remedy for Lessees aggrieved.

Expence of this Act

Proviso for His Majesty's Right to Mines,

C. 129. 57 GEORGII III. A.D. 1817.

'upon and over the other Moiety of the said Commons, Moor and Waste Lands; and which Allotment, a« 'soon as the same shall be made and fevered from the Lands adjoining thereto, shall become and remain the exclusive and absolute Property of The King's Majesty, His Heirs and Successors for ever, freed, exonerated and discharged of and from all Rights of Common, Common of Pasture and Turbary, Eftovers, and all other Rights of what Nature or Kind soever.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That all the Rest, Residue and Remainder of the said Commons, Moor and other Commonable Lands, shall be and remain for the Benefit of the several other Owners or Proprietors of ancient Messuages, Cottages, inclosed Lands and Grounds, entitled to Rights of Common in, over and upon the said Commons, Moor and other Commonable Lands of Grounds, according to their several and respective Rights and Interests therein, freed and discharged from all Claims of His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, as Lord or Lords of the said Manor or Royalty, or as Proprietor or Proprietors of the said Messuages, Farms, inclosed Lands and Grounds called Trevithick and Retcrth, and of His Majesty's Lessees or Tenants as Occupiers of the said Farms or either of them, in, upon or over the fame, save such Rights and Interests as. are herein after expressly excepted and reserved to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to set out such and so many private Roads and Ways as shall be necessary for giving convenient Access to such Allotment as shall be so as aforesaid made to or for His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That when and as soon as the said Commissioners shall have set out the Allotment hereinbefore directed to be made and set out to His said Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, they shall prepare an Award, with a Map or Plan of such Allotment annexed thereto, whereof there shall be Three Originals, One to be enrolled in the Court of Exchequer at Westminster, another in the Office of the Auditor of the Land Revenue for the said County of Cornwall, there to remain on Record, and which shall afterwards be filed and preserved amongst the Muniments of the Office of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forestg and Land Revenues for the time being, and the said Award or the Enrolment thereof shall or may be produced, read and received in Evidence on all Occasions where any Question, Doubt or Controversy may atife relating to or affecting the Rights and Interests of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, in respect of the Allotment to be vested in the King's Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, by virtue of this Act; and the Third of the said Awards shall be deposited with the Clerk of the Peace for the said County of Cornwall.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be con* ftrued to extend to prejudice, lessen or defeat the Right, Title or Interest of any Person or Persons whom* soever in or to any Tithes, Great or Small, arising or renewing out of or payable for or in respect of any of the Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments hereby directed to be divided, allotted or inclosed, but that all such Great and Small Tithes shall be paid and payable at all times hereafter in such and the same manner as they woiftd have been in case this Act had not been passed.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the several outermost or Ring Fences of the said Moiety so to be allotted to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors as aforesaid, of the said Commons, Moor and other Open and Commonable Lands or Grounds, shall be made in such m.anner as the said Commissioners shall direct and appoint; and such outermost or Ring Fence shall be raised and made, and for ever thereafter maintained, flip* ported, and kept in Repair, in such Parts and Proportions and in such manner and by such Persons as the said Commissioners shall by their Award direct and appoint.

XXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Allotment to be made to His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, of the said Commons, Moor and other Open and Commonable Lands, by virtue of this Act, shall be allotted to and held by His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, freed and discharged from all Right or Claim of any Lessee or Lessees* to, in or upon the said Allotment, or any Part thereof, to be derived under or by virtue of any Lease or Leases of the said Manor or Royalty, or of the said Messuages, Farms, inclosed Lands and Grounds called Trevithick and Reterth; and in case any such Lessee or Lessees shall think himself, herself or themselves aggrieved thereby, and the Commissioners for the time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, and such Lessee or Lessees, shall not settle the same to their mutual Satisfaction, then and in every such case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said .Commissioners for carrying this Act into Execution, on Application made to them by either Party, to take the matters in Question into their Confederation, and by their Orders to make unto such Lessee or Lessees, for his, her and their Loss of Commonage or other Losses by means of the said Division, Allotment and Inclosure, such a fair and adequate Allowance and Compensation, either in Money to be paid down, or by way of Abatement or Reduction in the Rack Rents by such Lease or Leases reserved, or otherwise, as the said last mentioned Commissioners shall think just and equitable.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That all the Costs, Charges and Expences incident to and attending the passing of this Act, and of carrying the fame into Execution, shall be paid, borne and defrayed by His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors; save only and except that the Charges and Expences of the said John Hayward, and of every other Commissioner to be nominated and appointed in his Stead by the several other Persons having Rights of Common upon and over the said Commons, Moor and other Open and Commonable Lands, shall be paid, borne and defrayed by the Persons having such Rights of Common.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Act shall not defeat or prejudice the Right or Interest of The King's Most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, in or to any Mines of Coal, Lead, Tin, Ores or arty other Minerals or Foffils whatsoever, in or under the Commons, Moor or Open and Commonable Lands hereby drrested to be divided, allotted and inclosed, or any Part thereof; but that His

1 Majesty*

*5 5

A.D. 1817. 57° GEORGII III. C. 129, 130.

Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and his or their Lessees and Grantees, Agents, Servants and Workmen, may search for, work, dig, raise and carry away all Coal, Lead, Tin, Ores, Metals and all other Minerals and Foflils whatsoever, ay fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever as if this Act had not been passed; save only that they shall respectively do as little Damage as possible in the Lands to Be divided, allotted and inclosed as aforesaid, and shall make reasonable Satisfaction and Kecompence from time to time to the Person or Persons possessed thereof, for all Damage that shall be done thereto, or to any Part thereof, by searching for, working, digging, raising and carrying away the said Coal, Lead, Tin, Ores, Metals and all other Minerals, Foflils or any of them.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall prejudice, lessen or defeat the and for the King

Right, Title or Interest of The King's Most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, as Lord or Lords the

of the Man« r of Rialton and Retraighe alias Rctcrth aforesaid, of, in or to any other Seigniories, Royalties, Rialton Manorial Rights, and other Rights, Customs and Services incident or belonging to such Manor, but that he

or they shall and may at all times hereafter hold and enjoy the fame, and all Rents and Services, Courts, Perquisites and Profits of Courts, Fines, Franchises, Waifs, Estrays, Deodands, Escheats and all other Royalties*

Privileges, Pre-eminences, and Appurtenances to such Manor incident, belonging or appertaining, (except only such Rights for which Compenfadon is hereby directed to be made, ) in as full, ample and beneficial manner as be or they could or might have held and enjoyed the fame in case this Act had not been made.

XXX. Saving always to The King's Most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and to all Bodies General Saving. Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, and their Successors, and to all and every Person and Persons whomsoever,

his and their Heirs, Executors, Administrators and Assigns, all such Estate, Right, Title, Interest, Claim and Demand whatsoever, (other than and except such as is and are hereby expressed, meant and intended to be barred, destroyed or extinguished, ) as they, every or any of them had or enjoyed in, to or out of the said Commons, Moor, Open Commonable Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted and inclosed as aforesaid, before the passing of this Act, or would have had and enjoyed therein in case this Act had not been passed.

CAP CXXX.

t

An Act to encourage the Establishment of Banks for Savings in England.

[12th July 1817.]

WHEREAS certain Provident Institutions or Banks for Savings have been established in England, for the safe Custody and Increase of small Savings belonging to the industrious Classes of His Majesty's

Subjects; and it is expedient to give Protection to such Institutions and the Funds thereby established, and

to afford Encouragement to others to form the like Institutions : May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and, Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and

by the Authority of the same, That if any Nuriiber of Persons who have formed or shall form any Society in Persons forming

any Part of England, for the Purpose of establishing and maintaining any Institution in the Nature of a Bank, Societies accord-

to receive Deposits of Money for the Benefit of the Persons depositing the fame, and to accumulate the

Produce of so much thereof as shall not be required by the Depositors, their Execotors or Administrators, to pres^ribed^en-

be paid in the Nature of Compound Interest, and to return the whole or any Part of such Deposit and the titled to the

Produce thereof to the Depositors, their Executors or Administrators, deducting only out of such Produce Benefit of this

so much as shall be required to be so retained for the Purpose of paying and discharging the necessary Expences attending the Management of such Institution, according to such Rules, Orders and Regulations as

shall have been or shall be established for that Purpose, but deriving no Benefit whatsoever from any such

Deposit or the Produce thereof, shall be desirous of having the Benefit of the Provisions of this Act, such Persons shall cause the Rules, Orders and Regulations established or to be established for the Management of such Institution to be entered, deposited and filed in manner herein after directed, and thereupon shall be deemed

to be entitled to and shall have the Benefit of the Provisions contained in this Act.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no such Institution as aforesaid shall have the Benefit Rules, &c. of the of this Act, unless the Rules, Orders and Regulations for the Management thereof shall be entered in a Institution to be Book or Books to be kept by an Officer of such Institution, to be appointed for that Purpose, and which g'l^and a Book or Books shall be open at all seasonable times for the Inspection of the Persons making Deposits in copy'dvpofited the Funds of such Institution; and unless such Rules, Orders agd Regulations shall be fairly transcribed on with the Clerk Parchment, and such Transcript shall be deposited with the Clerk of the Peace for the County, Riding, of the Peace, Division or Place wherein such Institution shall be established 5 which Transcript shall be filed by such Clerk and filed, of the Peace with the Rolls of the Sessions of the Peace in his Custody, without any Fee or Reward to be No Fee. paid in respect thereof; but nevertheless nothing herein contained shall extend to prevent any Alteration in or Proviso for Amendment of any such Rules, Orders or Regulations so entered and deposited and filed as aforesaid, or Alterations, &o. repealing or annulling the fame, or any of them, in the Whole or in Part, or making any new Rules, Orders , n Ru, es» or Regulations for the Management of any such Institution, in such manner as by the Rules, Orders and Regulations of such Institution shall from time to time be provided; but such new Rules, Orders or Re- New Rules, gulations, or such Alterations in or Amendments of former Rules, Orders or Regulations, or any Order to be entered, annulling or repealing any former Rule, Order or Regulation in the Whole or in Part, shall not be m force until the fame respectively shall be entered in such Book or Books as aforesaid, and a Transcript or Tran*. " onc feripts thereof shall be deposited with fu^h Clerk of the Pe^ce as aforesaid, who shall file the fame, without Fee or Reward as aforesaid.

256 C. 130.

57° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1817.

Officers of the Institution not to h*ve any Benefit therein.

Exception.

Rules to be binding.

Entry of Rules, &c. or Copy thereof, &c. to be Evidence of such Rules.

No Certiorari.

Fee.

No Sump Duty. Shares of Minors may be paid to them.

Friendly Societies may subscribe any Portion of their Funds into the Funds of Provident Institutions. Proviso as to Receipt of Treasurer being ft Discharge.

Treasurer#, &c. to give Security as required by the General Ryles.

Effects of Institution to be veiled in Trustees for the time being, without fresh Alignment;

except as to Transfers of Stock in the Public Funds.

III. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That ho such Institution as aforesaid shall have the Benefit of this Act, unless it shall be expressly provided by the Rules, Orders and Regulations for the Management thereof, that no Person or Persons being Treasurer, Trustee or Manager of such Institution, or having any Control in the Management thereof, shall derive any Benefit from any Deposit made in such Institution, but that the Persons depositing Money therein shall have the foie Benefit of such Deposits and the Produce thereof; save only and except such Salaries and Allowances or other necessary Expences as shall, according to such Rules, Orders and Regulations be provided for the Charges of managing such Institution, and for Remuneration to Officers employed in the Management thereof, exclusive of the Treasurer or Treasurers* Trustee or Trustees, or other Persons having Direction in the Management of such Institution, who shall not directly or indirectly have any Salary, Allowance, Profit or Benefit whatsoever therefrom, beyond their actual Expences for the Purposes of such Institution.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all Rules, Orders and Regulations from time to time made and in force for the Management of any such Institution as aforesaid, and duly entered in such Book or Books as aforesaid, and deposited with such Clerk of the Peace as aforesaid, shall be binding on the several Members and Officers of such Institution, and the several Depositors therein and their Representatives, all of whom shall be deemed and taken to have full Notice thereof by such Entry and Deposit as aforesaid; and the Entry of such Rules, Orders and Regulations in such Book or Books as aforesaid, or the Transcript thereof*de«* posited with such Clerk of the Peace as aforesaid, or a true Copy of such Transcript examined with the Original, and proved to be a true Copy, shall be received as Evidence of such Rules, Orders and Regulations respectively in all cases y and no Certiorari shall be brought or allowed to remove any such Rules, Orders or Regulations into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record; and every Copy of any such Transcript deppfited with any Clerk of the Peace as aforesaid shall be made without Fee or Reward, except the actual Expence of making such Copy; and such Copy shall not be subject to any Stamp Duty.

V. And be it further enacted, That in case the Managers of any such Institution shall receive any Deposit of Money from or for the Benefit of any Person under the Age of Twenty one Years, it shall be lawful for the Managers of such Institution to pay to such Person his or her Share and Interest in the Funds of such Institution; and the Receipt of such Person shall be a sufficient Discharge, notwithstanding his or her Incapacity or Disability in Lawtto act for him or herself.

' Vl. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Friendly Society, established under ancf* by virtue of any Act or Acts relating to Friendly Societies, from time to time to subscribe the Whole or anyi Part of the Funds of such Friendly Society, as they shall from time to time direct, through their Treasurer, Steward or other Officer or Officers, into the Funds of any Institution which shall take the Benefit of this Act, and which shall be willing to receive the same, under such Terms and Conditions as shall be specially provided for that Puiyofe by the Rules, Orders and Regulations of such Institution: Provided always, that the Receipt ojr Discharge of the Treasurer or other Officer of such Friendly Society for the time being, for any Money, Stock in the Public Funds or other Security, paid, transferred or delivered according to the Requi* fition of such Treasurer or other Officer, apparently authorized to require such Payment, Transfer or De-t livery, shall be a sufficient Discharge for the fame; and the Institution in which such Deposit shall be made shall not be responsible for any Misapplication of any such Money, Stock or Security by the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be so paid, transferred or delivered, or for any Want of Authority of the Person or Persons requiring or receiving such Payment, Transfer or Delivery.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any Treasurer or Treasurers, or other Officer or Officers, or other Person whatever, who shall be intruded with the Receipt or Custody of any Suip or Sums of Money subscribed or deposited for the Purposet of such Institution, or any Interest or Dividend from time to time accruing thereby, shall be required by the Rules or Regulations of such Institution to become bound with Sureties for the just and faithful Execution of such Office or Trust, in such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be required by the Rules, Orders and Regulations of such Institution, such Security shall and may be given by Bond or Bonds to the Clerk of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division or place, or to the Town Clerk of the Place where such Institution shall be established for the time being, without Fee or Reward; and in case of Forfeiture it shall be lawful for the Persons authorized for that Purpose by the Rules, Regulations and Orders of such Institution, to sue upon such Bond or Bonds in the Name of such Clerk of the Peace or Town Clerk for the time being, and to carry on such Suit at the Costsand Charges and for the Use of the said Institution, fully indemnifying and saying harmless such Clerk of the Peace or Town Clerk from all Costs and Charges in respe^ of such Suit; and no Bond or other Security to be so given shall be subject to or charged or chargeable with any Stamp Duty whatever.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all Monies, Goods, Chattels and Effects whatever, and all Secu^ rities for Money, or other obligatory Instruments and Evidences or Muniments, and all other Effects whatever, and all Rights or Claims belonging to or had by such Institution, shall be vested in the Trustee or Trustees of such Institution for the time being, for the Use and Benefit of such Institution and the respective Depositors therein, their respective Executors or Administrators, according to their respective Claims and Interests, and after the Death or Removal of any Trustee or Trustees, shall vest in the succeeding Trustee or Trustees for the fame Estate and Interest as the former Trustee or Trustees had therein, and subject to the fame Trusts, without any Assignment or Conveyance whatever, except the Transfer of Stocks and Securities in the Public Funds of Great Britain; and also shall for all Purposes of Action or Suit, as well Criminal as Civil, in Law or in Equity, in any wise touching, or concerning the same, be deemed and taken to be, and shall in every such Proceeding (where necessary) be dated to be, the Property of the Person or Persons appointed to the Office of Trustee or Trustees of such Institution for the time being, in his, her or their proper Name or Names,

14 without

A.D. 1817. 57° GEORGII III. C. 130. 257

without further Description \ and such Person or Persons shall and they are hereby respectively authorized to TrufUet may bring or defend, or cause to be brought or defended, any Action, Suit or Prosecution, Criminal as well as bring and defepd Civil, in Law or Equity, touching, or concerning the Property, Right or Claim aforesaid of or belonging to or Aaiom, &c. had by such Institution; and such Person or Persons so appointed shall and may, in all Cases concerning the Property, Right or Claim aforesaid of such Institution, sue and be sued, plead and be impleaded, in his, her or their proper Name or Names, as Trustee or Trustees of such Institution, without other Description; and no No Abatement such Suit, Action or Prosecutiorrshall be discontinued or abate by the Death of such Person or Persons, or his by Death or or their Removal from the Office of Trustee or Trustees as aforesaid, but the same shall and may be proceeded Removal of in by the succeeding Trustee or Trustees in the proper Name or Names of the Person or Persons commencing Tfuftec* the fame, any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding; and such succeeding Trustee or Trustees shall pay or receive like Costs as if the Action or Suit had been commenced in his or their Name or Costs.

Names, for the Benefit of or to be reimbursed from the Funds of such Institution.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful to and for the Trustee or Trustees, Manager or Trustees not io Managers for the time being of any such Institution as aforesaid, taking the Benefit of this Act, at any time to deposit Money place or deposit any Sum of Money which shall have been paid to such Institution by any Depositor, or any Interest or Profit arising therefrom, in the Hands of any Banker or Bankers, or upon any Personal Security, ex- an ers* cept such Sums of Money as from time to time shall necessarily remain in the Hands of the Treasurer or Trea- Exception, furers of such Institution to answer the Exigencies thereof.

X. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Trustees of any Institution which shall take the Benefit In what case

of this Act in manner hereinbefore provided, shall be and they are hereby empowered to pay into the Bank Bank of England of England any Sum or Sums of Money, not being less than Fifty Pounds, to the Account of the Com- toopetjanAc-missioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, upon the Declaration of the Trustees of such Institution, Cc<^d for or any Two or more of them, that such Monies belong exclusively to the Institution Tor which such Payment the Banks for is intended to be made, whether such Monies shall have been deposited therein before the passing of this Act, Savings.' or thereafter shall be deposited therein; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England are hereby required to receive all such Monies, and to place the fame into a new and separate Account, to be raised in the Names of the said Commissioners for the time being, in the Books of the Bank of England, to be denominated (t The Fund for the Banks for Savings*"

XL. Provided always, and be it enacted, That previous to any Payment being made into the Bank of Previous to such England as aforesaid, the Person or Persons applying for that Purpose shall in all cases produce to the Officer ^ay«en^s , nto of the said Commissioners, at their Office in London, an Order according to the Form in the Schedule to Order to be pio-this Act annexed, marked (A*), under the Hands of Two of the Trustees of such Institution on the ac- duced.and there-count of which such Payment is to be made; and on the Production of such Order to the said Officer, he upon a Oertifi-shall grant his Certificate in the Form expressed in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (B.); and cate granted; upon the Delivery of the Certificate granted to the Party by the said Officer, and Payment of the Sum ex- ^tcrwa|J?8 the r pressed therein at the Bank of England to the Account of the said Commissioners, the said Officer shall and he is hereby required to make out, within Five Days after he shall have received Notice of such Pay, tures in favour of ment, for Delivery to such Person or Persons producing the Order of the said Trustees, a Debenture con- such Saving taining a Receipt, signed by one of the Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, Bank*, bearing for the Amount of Inch Payment, carrying Interest after the Rate of Three pence per Centum per Diem, lwereftat3d.per payable, with the Principal, at the Bank of England* on the Fifth Day of April then next following, to be eoLP*r lem* dated on the Day on which such Payment or Payments shall be made; which said Debenture shall be in the Form specified in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (C.); and the Principal and Interest of all Form of Peben-such Debentures shall be charged and chargeable upon, and they are hereby charged and made payable out tur€* of, the Monies or Funds (landing in the Names of the said Commissioners in the Books of the Bank of England.

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Trustees of any such Institution, or any Trustees may Two or more of them, to demand Payment, at any time other than on the Fifth Day of April in every 'temtnd Pay-Year, of the said Cashier or Caftiiers, of the Principal Sum specified in any Debenture or Debentures issued n?en.t

in pursuance of the Provisions of this Act, together with all the Interest due thereon, computing such In- 2cur3 by^De-terest from the Day of the Date of the Debenture, inclusive, up td and including the Five Days following benture. the Date of the Order of the said Trustees demanding such Payment.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That previous to the Paytpent of the Principal of any Previous to such such Debenture or Debentures, together with the Interest due thereon as aforesaid, the Person or Persons Payment» applying to receive the same shall in all cases produce to the Officer of the said Commissioners, at their said and there" Office, an Order indorsed on the Back thereof under the Hands of Two Trustees of the Institution for Cenificate which such Payment shall be demanded, according to the Form in the Schedule to this Act annexed, granted, marked (D.); and the said Officer shall and he is hereby required, within Five Days after the Receipt of such Order, to grant his Certificate to the Person or Persons applying, in the Form specified in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (E.); and upon the Production and Delivery at the Bank of England of such Certificate, the said Cashier or Cashiers shall thereupon pay such Principal and Interest out of any Monies (landing in the Names of the said Commissioners in the Books of the Bank of England, or from the Sale of Stock purchased with the Monies originally inverted in any Debenture or Debentures as aforesaid, as the said Commissioners shall direct: Provided nevertheless, that it at any time the said Trustees shall require a new New Deben-Debenture or Debentures in lieu of the Debenture or Debentures to be paid off, with or without the Interest ture* to be added thereto (the fame being so expressed in the said Order of the said Trustees 1, it shall be lawful for 8rant€<1* the Officer of the said Commissioners to make out and deliver, to the Person or Persons applying to receive 57 Geo. III. Li the

Monies paid in on Saving Bank Account to be inverted in Stock, and carried to a new Account. Debentures not transferable.

Debentures, Src. not liable to Stamp Duty, and if loft, Duplicate Debenture may be granted.

False Declaration for paying in Monies, Penalty.

Account by Commissionert for National Debt to be laid before Parliament.

Providing agiinrt an improper Investment of Monies.

On Change of Trustees, Stock to be transferred by former Trustees into the Names of the new Trustees and continuing Trustees, kc.

Trustees may execute a Letter of Attorney for that Purpose. Persons intruded with Effects cf Society to account and deliver up Effects when itquired.

C. 130. 57° GEORGII III. A.D. 1817.

the Tame, a Debenture or Debenture* of the like Amount, in lieu of paying the Amount of such original Debenture (with or without the Interest to be added thereto) in Money.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall cause all the Monies paid into' the Bank of Qngland and placed to their Account in pursuance of the Provisions of this Act, to be inverted from time to time in the Purchase of Bank Annuities in their Names, and to be carried to the new and separate Account hereinbefore provided; and the Interest which shall arise from time to time and become due thereon shall in like manner be inverted in the Purchase of Bank Annuites as aforesaid.

XV. And be it enacted, That the Debenture or Debentures issued under the Provisions of this Act shall not be transferable or assignable, but shall remain and continue to be the actual Property of the Trustees of the Institution on the account of which every such Debenture or Debentures was or were originally issued, until the same shall be actually paid off.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That no Debenture or Debentures, nor any Order or Orders required from the Trustees of any such Institution, issued or produced in pursuance of this Act, shall be subject or liable to any Stamp Duty whatever; and that if any Debenture or Debentures issued under the Provisions of this Act shall be lost or destroyed, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, upon satisfactory Evidence being produced by the Party, and good and sufficient Security given to the said Commissioners, to direct the said Officer to grant a Duplicate Debenture to the Party applying, under the fame Regulations as by this Act are required for the Issue of an original Debenture.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Order or Declaration produced to the said Officer, for the Purpose of paying Monies into the Bank of England to the Account of the said Commissioners as aforesaid, shall contain any matter or thing which shall be false Or untrue, then and in every such case the Sum so paid shall be forfeited to the said Commissioners.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the following Account shall be prepared by the said Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, and shall be annually laid before both Houses#f Parliament on or before the Twenty-fifth of March in every Year, if Parliament shall be fitting, and if Parliament shall not be fitting, then within Fourteen Days after the Commencement of the then next Session of Parliament 5 vide-lieety An Annual Account, made up to the Fifth Day of January preceding, of all Sums of Money which shall have been received by the said Commissioners from the Trustees of any Institution or Institutions as aforesaid in pursuance of this Act, (howing the Amount of all Bank Annuities which shall have been purchased by the Application of such Sums, and the Amount of Interest or Dividends receivable thereon by the said Commissioners, and distinguishing in such Account the Amount of Interest payable by the said Commissioners, on all Debentures issued to the said Trustees as aforesaid within the same Period, and terminating on the Fifth Day of January in every Year,

XIX. And Whereas it is expedient to provide against an improper Investment of Monies under the Pror vifion8 of this Act/ be it therefore further enacted, That the Privilege aforesaid of paying Money into the Bank 6f Englandt and of receiving Debentures for the fame, shall be restricted to such Institutions only which shall by One or more of their Rules provide that the Sums paid by one Person in any one Year, and applied to the Purchase of the aforesaid Debentures, shall not exceed the Sum of One hundred Pounds in the First Year, and Fifty Pounds in every Year afterwards, in the whole from each Depositor, except in the cases where Friendly Societies shall become Depositors; and it shall be lawful for the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, previous to the Payment of any Sum or Sums into the Bank of England in pursuance of this Act, to require the Production of such Rule or Rules so limiting the Sums to be deposited to the Amount above mentioned, certified under the Hands of Two of the Trustees or Managers of each such Institution respectively, and any other Proof they may think it necessary to require.

XX. And be it further enacted, That upon every Change of a Trustee or Trustees, the preceding Trustee or Trustees, his or their Executors or Administrators, shall and do forthwith transfer all Stocks and Annuities in the Public Funds belonging to such Institution, from the Name or Names of such preceding Trustee or Trustees, to the Name or Names of the new Trustee or Trustees who shall be appointed as hereinbefore mentioned, or of such new Trustee or Trustees and any continuing Trustee or Trustees, if any of the former Trustees shall be continued, a9 the case shall require, so as to vest the fame in such new Trustee or Trustees and the continuing Trustee or Trustees, as the case shall happen; and in case any Sale or Sales, Transfer or Transfers, of any Part of such Stocks or Annuities, shall from time to time be directed according to the Rules, Orders and Regulations of such Institution, every such Transfer or Sale shall be made by the Trustee or Trustees in whose Name or Names the same shall then (land, or by some Person or Persons duly authorized by such Trustee or Trustees, by Letter of Attorney executed as is required by Law in such cases; and where any such Transfer or Sale as aforesaid shall be made under or by virtue of any Letter of Attorney, such Letter ?f Attorney shall not be subject to or charged or chargeable with any Stamp Duty whatsoever.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons who shall have or receive any Part of the Monies, Effects or Funds of or belonging to such Institution, or shall in any manner have been or shall be intruded with the Disposition, Management or Custody thereof, or of any Securities relating to the fame, his, her or their Executors, Administrators and Assigns respectively, shall, upon Demand made in pursuance of any Order of the Committee of such Institution, or of any other delegated Authority as aforesaid, or at any General Meeting of the Managers thereof, give in his, her or their Account or Accounts to such Committee or other Authority as aforesaid, or to such General Meeting of the Managers of such Institution, or to such other Person or Persons who shall be nominated to receive the lame, to be examined and allowed or disallowed by the said Committee or Managers respectively; and shall on the like Demand pay over all the Monies remaining in his or their Hands, and allign and transfer or deliver all Securities, Effects or Funds

taken

A.D. 1817. 57° GEORGII III. C. 130.

taken or (landing in his or their Name or Names as aforesaid, or being in his or their Hands or Custodr, to such Person or Persons as the said Committee or Managers of such Institution shall appoint $ and in case of any Neglect or Refusal to deliver such Account, or to pay over such Monies, or to amgn, transfer or deliver such Securities, Effects or Funds in manner aforesaid, it shall be lawful to and for the Trustee or Trustees of such Institution for the time being to exhibit a Petition to the Justices of the Peace at their Generd or Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division or Place wherein such Institution shall be established, who shall and may proceed thereupon in a summary Way, and make such Order therein, upon hearing all Parties concerned, as to such Court in their Discretion shall seem just, which Order shall be final and conclusive; and all Assignmente, Sales and Transfers made in pursuance of such Order shall be good and effectual in Law to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That no Person who is or shall be a Member of any Friendly Society established or to be established under and by virtue of any Act or Acts relating to Friendly Societies, shall, by reason of such Person being or becoming a Depositor in any Institution taking the Benefit of this Act, be

considered as subject or liable to any Penalty, Forfeiture or Disability, declared or expressed, or intended so to be, by or in the Rules, Orders or Regulations of such Friendly Society; any Rules, Orders or Regulations of such Friendly Society made or hereafter to be made to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Depositor in the Fuads of any Institution taking the Benefit of this Act shall die, leaving any Sum or Sums of Money in the said Funds, or any Dividends or Interest due thereon, belonging to him or her at the time of his or her Death, exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Twenty Pounds, the same shall not be paid to any Person or Persons as Representative or Repre-presentatives of such Depositor, but upon Probate of the Will of the deceased Depositor, or Letters of Administration of his or her Estate and Effects: Provided always, that where the whole Estate or Efiefts of any such deceased Depositor, for or in respect of which any Probate or Letters of Administration respectively shall be granted, shall be under the Value of Fifty Pounds Sterling, no Stamp Duty shall be chargeable thereon, nor upon any Legacy or Residue or Part thereof bequeathed, nor upon any Share or Part of the Estate or Effects to be paid or distributed by or under such Probate or Letters of Administration: Provided also, that in every such case the Person or Persons claiming such Probate or Letters of Administration free of Stamp Duty under this Act shall exhibit to the Court or Person having Authority to grant the Probate or Letters of Administration in such case, a Certificate of the Amount and Value of the Share and Interest which the deceased Depositor had in the Funds of the said Institution; which Certificate shall be granted in such form and manner as shall have been settled by the Rules, Orders, Regulations or Bye Laws of the InilitutionB respectively, and shall be signed or testified by such Person or Persons as shall be directed therein 5 and every such Certificate shall be taken and received, by the Court or Person having Authority to grant such Probate or Letters of Administration, as Evidence or the Amount or Value of the Shares and Interests of the deceased Depositor k the Funds of the said Institution.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Depositor in the Funds of any such Institution shall die, leaving a Sum of Money in the said Fund, which, with the Interest thereon, shall not exceed in the whole Twenty Pounds, it shall be lawful for the Trustees or Managers of such Institution, and they are hereby authorized and required, if no Will shall be proved, or no Letters of Administration shall be taken out, within Six Calendar Months after the Death of the said Depositor, to pay the same according to the Roles and Regulations of the said Indention in such case made and provided; and in the Event of there being no Rules and Regulations made in that Behalf, then the said Trustees or Managers are hereby authorized and required to pay and divide the same to and amongst the Person or Persons entitled to the Effects of the deceased Intestate, according to the Statute of Distributiont.

XXV. And Whereas such Indentions may be subject to considerable Lodes on Payment of Money or Transfer of Securities to Persons who may have obtained Letters of Administration of the Effects of a

Depositor, or Probate of a Will or Testamentary Disposition, or supposed Will or Testamentary Disposition

of such Depositor, which Letters of Administration or Probate may afterwards be repealed or deemed null

and void; y Be it further enacted, That Payment or Transfer of any Money or Security for Money by any such Institution as aforesaid to any Person or Persons having any such Letters of Administration or Probate of any such Will or Testamentary, Disposition, granted by any Ecclesiastical Court, and appearing to be in force, shall be valid and effectual with respect to any Demand of any other Person or Persons as the lawful Represen tative or Representatives of such Depositor against the Funds of such Institution, or against the Treasurer, Trustees or Managers thereof; but nevertrheless such lawful Representative or Representatives shall have Remedy for such Money or Securities for Money so paid or transferred as aforesaid, against the Person or Persons who shall have received the same.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That no Power, Warrant or Letter of Attorney granted or to be granted by any Person or Persons as Trustee or Trustees of any Institution established under this Act, for the Transfer of any Share or Shares in the Public Stocks or Funds (landing in the Name or Names of such Person or Persons as such Trustee or Trustees 5 nor any Power, Warrant or Letter of Attorney given by any Depositor or Depositors in the Funds of such Institution to any other Person or Persons, authorizing him, her or them to make any Deposit or Deposits of any Sum or Sums of Money in the Funds on the behalf of the said Depositor or Depositors, or to sign any Document or Instrument required by the Rules, Orders, Regulations or Bye-Laws of such Institution to be signed on making such Deposits, or to receive back any Sum or Sums of Money deposited in the said Funds, or the Dividends or Interest arising therefrom 5 nor any Receipts given for any Dividend or Dividends in any Public Stock or Fund, or Interest of Exchequer Bills; nor any Receipt, nor any Entry in any Book of Receipt, for Money deposited in the Funds of any such Institution,

L 1 2 nor

259

NegleAing or refuting,

General or Quarter Sessions may proceed in a summary Way.

Members of Friendly Societies not liable to Forfeitures by subscribing to any Institution under this Act. Share of Deceit ed, exceeding aol. not paid but upon Probate, Sec.

When Property is under the Value of 50l. no Stamp Duty to be paid in cases of Administration. Persons so claim* ing to exhibit Certificate of Amount of Share.

Such Certificate received as Evidence of Amount.

Where the Effects of a Person dying intestate shall not exceed 20L Admnustration uot necessary.

Payments under Probates of Wilis, Icc. afterwards repealed, valid.

Remedy for Representative against Person receiving. Powers of Attorney by Trustees or Depositors,

Receipts and Entries,

ic

260 C. 130.*, 57 GEORGII III. A.D. 1817.

nor for any Money received by any Depositor, his or her Executors or.Administrators, Assigns or Attornies*

free from Stamp from the Funds of such Institution, shall be subject or liable to or charged with any Stamp Duty or Duties Buy- whatsoever.

Where Rules of

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That where Provision shall be made by one or more of the general

re6 an Arhltra ^'U^e8> Orders or Regulations of any such Institution, and filed as hereinbefore required, for a Reference by tion/the Award Arbitration of any Matter in Dispute between any such Institution, or any Person or Persons acting under to be final. them, and any individual Depositor therein, or any Executor, Administrator, next of Kin, or Creditor of any deceased Depositor, or any Person claiming to be such Executor, Administrator, next of Kin, or Creditor, then and in every such case the Matter so in Dispute shall be referred to such Arbitrator or Arbitrators as shall have been named according to the general Rules, Orders or Regulations of such Institution 5 and whatever Award, Order or Determination shall be made, according to the true Purport and meaning of the Rules, Orders and Regulations of such Institution, shall be binding and conclusive on all Parties, and shall be final to all Intents and Purposes, without any Appeal.

[Public Act.]

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed a Public Act, and shall be judicially

taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without the fame being specially shewn or pleaded.

SCHEDULES.

(A.)

FORM of the ORDER for the Trustees to make Payments into the Bank of England, to be produced to the Officer of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt.

UUE, being Two of the Trustees of the Saving Bank established at ['insert the Town and County], do, in pursuance of an Act of the 57 Geo. 3. Cap. hereby authorize and direct A.B. to pay into

the Bank of England, to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt

Pounds, and to receive for the fame, on account of us the said Trustees, a Saving Bank

Debenture of the like Amount, carrying Interest at the Rate of Three Pence per Centum per Diem: And we hereby declare, that the Sum above stated is the exclusive Property of the said Saving feank specified in this our Order, arising wholly from individual Contributors, not exceeding the Amount specified in the said Act for the Contribution of each Contributor, or arising from the voluntary Donation to the Funds of the said Society.

Witness our Hands, this Day of

J Trustees.

(B.)

CERTIFICATE of the Officers of the Commissioners, to enable Payments to be made into the Bank

of England.

T Do hereby certify, That it appears by an Order dated produced

to me conformably to the Provisions of an Act of the.57 Geo. 3. Cap. intituled [insert the Tattle of

this Act'] that Two of the Trustees of the Saving Bank established at [insert the Town and County ] have authorized and directed A.B. to pay into the Bank of England, to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, the Sum of Pounds, arising from Contributions not exceeding the Amount in the said Act mentioned, and to receive a Saving Bank Debenture of the like Amount, carrying Interest at the Rate of Three Pence per Centum per Diem.

Witness my Hand, A. - Superintendent.

INDORSEMENT on the Back of the Trustees Order, upon the Receipt of the Debenture. Received the Debenture within described, in virtue of the aforegoing Order.

Witness my Hand, A. - - - acting for the Trustees.

(C.)

FORM of the'DEBENTURE to be issued by the Officer of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the

National Debt.

No.

Received of the Saving Bank established at in the County of Pounds, which Sum is placed to the Account of the Commissioners for the

Reduction of the National Debt.

For the Governor and Company of the Bank of England,

A.B. - - - Cashier.

WHEREAS by virtue of an Act of the Fifty seventh George 3. Cap. intituled, [insert the Title of

this Act] the Sum of Pounds hath been paid into the Bank of England, to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, on account of w The Saving Bank" established at in the County of

14 Now

A.D. 1817. 57° GEORGII III. C. 130, 131.

Now this Debenture is chargeable on the Monies or Funds {landing in the Names of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the Nations Debt at the Bank of England, ana entitles the said Saving Bank to the Principal Sum of Pounds, carrying an Interest after the Rate of Three Pence per Centum

per Diem from the Day of the Date hereof, payable at the Bank of England to the Trustees, or to their Use, by the Order of Two of such Trustees indorsed thereon, on the Fifth Day of April next after the Date hereof, or at any other time, upon the Production of such Order at the Office of the said Commissioners, the fame being indorsed hereon under the Hands of Two of the Trustees of the said Saving Bank, directing Payment thereof to be demanded by the Person producing the fame 5 and the Interest mall in all cases be computed to and include the Five Days following the Day of the Date of such Order.

Dated this Day of

A. - - - Superintendent.

This Debenture is not transferrable nor assignable.

(D.)

INDORSEMENT of the Order of the Trustees on the Debenture to receive Payment.

*Two of the Trustees of the Saving Bank within described, do hereby authorize and direct A.B. to demand [and receive both the Principal and Interest of this Debenture in Money] or [and receive the Interest due thereon in Money, and also a new Debenture of the like Amount in lieu of this Debenture, bearing the like Rate of Interest, or a ne w Debenture or Debentures of the like Amount, and the Interest added thereto, bearing the like Rate of Interest], as the Case may be.

Witness our Hands this Day of

Trustees of the said Saving Bank.

Dated the Day of

(E.)

CERTIFICATE of the Officer of the Commissioners to enable the Payment of the Principal and Interest of the Debenture.

T DO hereby certify, That the Debenture No. for the Principal Sum of Pounds, hath

been delivered at the Office of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, conformably to an Order indorsed thereon, under the Hands of Two of the Trustees of the Saving Bank established at [ insert the Town and County ] purfiiantto the Provisions of an Act of the Fifty seventh George 3. Cap. intituled [insert the Title of this Act-\, and that the Interest due thereon, confuted to and including the Five Days following the Day of the Date of the said Order, amounts to Pounds Shillings and Pence.

And I do further certify, That the said Trustees have authorized and directed A.B. [to receive both the Principal and Interest of the said Debenture in Money] or [to receive a new Debenture of the like Amount in lieu of the said Debenture, and also the Interest due thereon in Money, or with the said Interest added to the Amount of the said Debenture.]

Witness my Hand, this Day of

A. - - - Superintendent.

THE RECEIPT for the above Principal and Interest must be acknowledged on this Certificate, as follows:

Received in virtue of the Order specified in this Certificate [the Principal Sum of Pounds in Money, being the Amount of the Debenture within described] or [a new Debenture for the Sum of Pounds, being of the like Amount, and in lieu of the Debenture within described] and also the Interest due thereon, computed to and including the Five Days following the Day of the Date of the said Order.

Witness my Hand, A. - - acting for the said Trustees

CAP. CXXXL

An Act for the better Regulation of Polls, and for making other Provisions touching the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for Places in Ireland.

[12th July 1817.]

WHEREAS it is necessary to amend the Laws for regulating the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for Places in Ireland, and to provide for the more expeditions taking of Polls thereat Be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefect Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the mine, That from and after the First Day of August next, every Poll which shall be demanded at any Election for a Member or Members to serve in Parliament for any County, City, Borough or other Place in Ireland, shall commence on the Day upon which the same shall be demanded, or upon the next Day at farthest (unless it shall happen to be a Sunday, Christmas Day or Good Friday, and then on the Day next after), and shall be duly and regularly proceeded in from Day to Day (Sundays> Christmas Day and Good Friday always excepted) until the fame be finished; but so as that no Poll at any Eledioa held by virtue of a Writ shall continue longer than the Fortieth Day at furthest after the Test thereof, and if by virtue of such Writ the

Election

261

From Aug. r, 1817, every Poll must commence at the latest the Day after it is demanded, unless it be Sunday, &c. and must not continue longer than a certain Day, except as herein mentioned.

a62 C. 131.

57° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1817.

Nime of Person elected to be declared at the dole of the Poll, or the Day after, and Return made.

After Fourth Day, Returning Officer may close any Booth when fio more than ao hare polled in the Day.

Within Two Days after Receipt of Writ, Proclamation to be made of the Elcflioo.

Whenever more thana.oooo Freeholders registered in one Barony, &c.

' Names of Freeholders to be so divided that no more than 2, oco shall have to poll i n one Booth. Expence of Booths, &c.

Sheriff to have a Booth, separate and exetufive of Polling Booths, where he is to attend.

f Sic.

51 G. 3. c. 77-i 4.

i3& 140.3.(1.)

c-3 S.

3SO.3. (I.)

C % l.

Justices to ad-mimfler all Oaths, &c.

Exception.

Pogrom so appointed to take the following Oath.

Election shall be held by Precept* no Poll at such Election shall continue longer than the Thirtieth Day at furthest after the Date thereof 5 and if such Polls shall continue respectively until such Fortieth or Thirtieth Day, then the same shall be finally dosed at or before the Hour of Three in the Afternoon of the same Day; and the Returning Officer or Officers at every such Election shall immediately, or on the Day next after the final Close of the Poll, truly, fairly and publicly declare the Name or Names of the Person or Persons who have the Majority of Votes on such Poll, and shall forthwith make a Return of such Person or Persons,

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the Return* ing Officer or Officers, and he or they are hereby required, on any Day after the Fourth Day of Polling, to close finally any Booth in which no more than Twenty Electors have polled, or have been referred for Decision to the Booth of such Returning Officer or Officers, during that Day.

III. And whereas it is expedient to afford full time before the Return of the Writ for the polling of 1 Freeholders at the Election of a Knight or Knights to serve in Parliament for any County in Ireland Be it enacted, That immediately after the Receipt of the Writ for making any such Election, it shall and may be lawful for the Sheriff of such County, and he is hereby required, to indorse on the Back thereof the Date of receiving the fame, and within Two Days after the Receipt thereof to cause Proclamation to be made at the Place where the ensuing Election ought by Law to be holden, and to cause to be affixed on the Door of the County Court House public Notice thereof, signed by himself, of a Special County Court to be there holden, for the Purpose of such Election only, on any Day, Sunday excepted, not later from the Day of making such Proclamation and affixing such Notice than toe Sixteenth Day, nor sooner than the Tenth Day.

IV. And be it enacted, That whenever in any one Barony or Half Barony of any County in Ireland\ the Number of Freeholders registered within Eight Years previous to the Ted of the Writ for holding such Election, and exceeding Twelve Calendar Months previous to the Test of such Writ, shall exceed Two thousand, it shall and may be lawftil for the Sheriff, and he is hereby required, on receiving written Notice thereof from any Candidate, to divide alphabetically, as equally as can be (but so as not in any case to divide the Names beginning with the fame Letter), all the Names of the Freeholders so registered in such Barony or Half Barony, so that it shall not be necessary for more than Two thousand to poll in any Booth, and to erect as many more Booths, or hire as many more Buildings, as may be necessary for this Purpose, and to appoint as many additional Deputies or other Officers as shall be necessary, to take the Poll at such additional Booths Or Buildings, not exceeding One Deputy and One Poll Clerk to each such Booth or Building; and the Expence of every such additional Booth or Building, and the Wages of every such additional Deputy or Officer, at the fame Rate as other Booths or Buildings, and as other Deputies or Officers, shall be paid to the Sheriff by all Candidates jointly on Demand.

V. And Whereas it is expedient that any Reference made to the Sheriff should not interrupt the Poll; Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the Sheriff of any County in Ireland, and he is hereby required, to erect a Booth or hire a Building wherein he may and shall decide such cases as may be referred to him, exclusive of the Number of Booths or Buildings nor-J* required by Law; and such Sheriff is hereby required to give his constant Attendance therein, during the entire Number of Hours that the Polling shall continue each Day.

VI. And Whereas by an Act passed in the Fifty first Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act so

amend the Laws for regulating the Election in Ireland of Members to serve in Parliament, it is (among other < things) enacted, That when a Poll shall be demanded at any Election of a Member or Members to serve in Parliament for any County, City, Town or Borough in Ireland, the Returning Officer or Officers at any such

Election, after such Poll shall be demanded, shall, at the Instance and Request of any Candidate or Candidates ( at such Election, under his or their Hand or Hands, immediately after such Request, and before he or they shall proceed further in taking the Poll, retain, nominate and appoint Two or more Justices of the Peace (as

the case may require) to administer the Oaths and Declarations required in and by an Act passed in the Thir-

teenth and Fourteenth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to enable His Majesty's Subjects, of whatever Persuasion, to testify their Allegiance to Him; and also another Act, passed in the Thirty ' third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for the Relief of His Majesty's Popish or Roman 1 Catholic Subjects in Ireland; and that the Clerk of the Peace, or a Deputy by him appointed in Writing under his Hand for that Purpose, shall attend such Persons: And Whereas there are other Oaths besides those enumerated in said Act which Voters at Elections of Members to serve in Parliament may be by Law required to

take, the present Mode of administering whereof is attended with Delay and Inconvenience; be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for such Justices of the Peace f appointed, and they are hereby empowered and required, severally and at different Places separate and apart from the Place where the Poll shall be taken, to administer all the Oaths and the Declarations and Affirmations required to be taken or made by Persons offering to vote at any Election (the Bribery Oath or Affirmation only excepted), which Oath or Affirmation shall be taken or made at the Place of taking the Poll, at the Desire of any Candidate or Elector, by every Person offering to vote at any Election, as before the passing of this Act.

VII. And be it further enacted, That every such Person so appointed as aforesaid shall, immediately after such Appointment, and before he shall take upon him toa& under such Appointment, take the following Oath, in place of the Oath required by the said recited Act 5 (that is to say),

I A.B. do swear, That I will faithfully and impartially administer the Oath? and take the Affirmations now

required by Law to be taken or made by Voters at Elections for Members to serve in Parliament (except

the Bribery Oath or Affirmation) to and from such Persons as shall lawfully apply to me in that Behalf, in ord^r to qualify themselves toote at this Ele&ion/

11 Which

A.D. 1817.

57° GEORGII III.

C.

131-

263

EIs£tors to apply before voting, to Perfo: is so appointed, who shall administer the Oaths, See. and Clerks of the Peace to give Certificates thereof.

Which Oath, to be taken by the several Persons respectively so to be appointed, the Returning Officer or Officers, or any of them, is and are hereby authorized and required to administer; and such Clerk of the Clerks of the Peace, or a Deputy so appointed by him for the Purposes aforesaid, shall attend each of such Justices of the Peace, &c. to Peace during the Administration of such Oath9, Affirmations and Declarations, and shall give, without Fee give Certificate or Reward, to every Person who shall take such Oaths or make such Declarations or Affirmations respectively, a Certificate thereof in manner herein after mentioned, and shall take the following Oath, in place J^iakethe*of the Oath required by the said recited Act 5 (that is to say), following Oath.

I A.B. dofwear, That I will, on being thereunto requested, fairly and truly give, without Fee or Reward,

to every such Person, or any of them, who shall take such Oaths or make such Declarations or Affirm-

ations respectively, or any of them, as are now required by Law to be taken or made by Voters at Elections

for Members to serve in Parliament, before the Justices of the Peace appointed by the Returning Officer, a

Certificate thereof 5 and that I will not give such Certificate to any Person before he shall have taken such

Oath or Oaths, or make such Declaration or Declarations, Affirmation or Affirmations respectively, as shall be mentioned in such Certificate, in my Presence.*

Which Oath, to be taken by the several Persons respectively so to be appointed, the Returning Officer or Officers, or any of them, is and are hereby authorized and required to administer.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That after the Persons so appointed shall have taken such Oath so required to be taken by them respectively as aforesaid, any Person or Persons claiming to vote at any such Election as aforesaid may, at any time before he or they shall give his or their Vote or Votes at such Election, apply to any One of the Persons so appointed and sworn as aforesaid, to take the Oaths and make the Declarations and Affirmations or any of them; and the Person to whom such Application shall be made shall accordingly administer the same to such Person or Persons so claiming a Right to vote; and the said Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, so sworn and appointed, shall, immediately upon such Oaths being taken, and Affirmations or Declarations being made, sign and deliver a Certificate thereof to such Person who shall have taken such Oaths or made such Affirmations or Declarations respectively, which Certificate shall contain the Name, Addition and Place of Abode of the Person to whom the same shall be so given 5 and in case of Persons taking the said Oath shall be in the Terms following; (that is to say),

A.B. [naming the Person taking the Oath, Declaration or Affirmation^ of [naming the Place of such Persons Form of Certifi-

Abode, and his Addition or Occupation] has taken the Oath or Oaths, Affirmation or Affirmations, De- cate of taking claration or Declarations] of [naming the said Oath or Oaths, Affirmation or Affirmations, Declaration or De- Oaths>&c*

clarations, so administered], before me, this Day of,

And every such Person to whom such Certificate shall be so given shall, on producing such Certificate to Production of the Person or Persons lawfully taking the Poll at such Ele&iori, be deemed to have taken or made such Oaths, Certificate to Declarations or Affirmations as effectually, in order to entitle him to vote at such Election, as if the fame had cnt, t*e 10 vote* been taken or made in manner and form required before the passing of this Act.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when any Person or Persons offering to Persons offering, vote at any such Election, without producing such Certificate as aforesaid, shall be lawfully required to* to vote without take the said Oaths, or make the said Declarations or Affirmations or any of them, then such Oaths, Decla- reducing Cer-rations or Affirmations, or any of them, shall not be administered by the Returning Officer or Officers or

other Person or Persons taking the Poll, or at the Place of taking the said Poll; but the Elector or withdraw and Electors so required to take such Oaths, or make such Declarations or Affirmations, shall immediately take the Oath* withdraw, and shall take the said Oaths, or subscribe and make the said Declarations or Affirmations before One of respectively, before One of the Commissioners appointed and sworn as aforesaid in manner hereinbefore 'he Commis-mentioned. fion?rs'

X. And be it further enacted, That every Elector having received such Certificate as aforesaid, shall, Certificate to be

so soon as he shall have polled* deliver the same to the Person taking the Poll, who shall forthwith cancel ca"celled after the fame. P011'"*1

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if at any time during the Poll at any If the Number such Election, it shall be found that the Number of Persons so appointed as aforesaid is insufficient for the of Persons so sp-Purposes aforesaid, and that the Poll is delayed for want of a sufficient Number of Persons to administer such

Oaths, Declarations and Affirmations as aforesaid, then, and in every such case the Returning Officer or j^oi

Officers at such Election may, and he or they is and are hereby empowered and required, at the Instance and iic»tm, more Request in Writing of any Candidate then present, to retain, nominate and appoint such further Number of m»v beappomt-Persons, for the Purpose of administering the said Oaths, Declarations and Affirmations as aforesaid, and of ed by Returning granting such Certificates as aforesaid, as shall be necessary to prevent such Delay; and the Persons so °, iicer' nominated and appointed shall take the like Oath, which shall be administered to them respectively in like manner as is hereinbefore directed with respect to the Person first appointed for the Purposes afor* said.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the Returning Officer or Officers at every such Election shall Returning Offi-and is and are hereby required to appoint, find and provide a proper Place for every such Person so appointed cer to appoint as aforesaid, to execute the Duty hereby imposed upon such Person, to which Place the respective Ekdtors

may have free Access, without interrupting the Poll, and so as to enable the Persons so appointed to act ex-cut, n8 separately without interfering with each other in the Execution of their Office; and that each of the said Hours of keep-Places so appointed shall be open and attended by the Person or Persons appointed to act there during all Inch Places such times as the Poll at any such Election shall be kept open, and shall continue at lead Eight Hours in °Fei1' every Day, between the Hours of Eight in the Morning and Eight in the Evening, until the final Close of

the

264 C. 131.

57° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1817.

Returning Officers to provide printed Forms of Certificates.

Returning Officers on Notice to prbvide proper Places for admi-mftering Oaths, &c.

Expences, as herein mentioned, defrayed by Candidates.

Clerk of the Peace to cause Deputy to attend with Affidavits of Registry of Freeholds.

Returning Officers, on Demand of Candidate, to appoint Interpreters.

Interpreters to take the following Oath,

Allowance to such Persons paid by Candidates

Deputy to examine Electors as to Qualification.

No other Person to examine or plead.

Deputy not to investigate Right to vote, but to refer to Returning Officer.

Certificate of Kegiflry of Freeholds being regular conduce Evidence.

the Poll; and that the said Oaths and the said Declarations and Affirmations shall respectively be administered to as many of the Electors, being* ready and desiring to take or make the fame respectively, as can conveniently take or make the fame together, not exceeding the Number of Twelve at one time; and such Returning Officer or Officers shall also find, provide and deliver to each Person who shall be appointed by him or them in manner aforesaid, a sufficient Number of printed Certificates, agreeable to the Form hereinbefore directed, to be filled up as Occasion may require, and signed by the Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy* appointed or sworn as aforesaid, attending on such Person as aforesaid, and delivered to each Elector so taking the said Oaths or declaring or affirming as aforesaid.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the Candidates orany of them (Hall, Three Days at least before any such Election, give or cause to be given Notice in Writing to the Returning Officer or Officers, to provide proper Places for administering said Oaths, Declarations and Affirmations to the Electors, then and in every such case Booths or such other proper Places shall be prepared and provided, so as to be ready before and against the Day of Election 5 the Expence of which Booths or Places, and of the said printed Forms, and also the Allowance and Compensation (if any) to be made to the several Justices of the Peace administering such Oaths, Declarations and Affirmations as aforesaid, for their Trouble and Attendance, not exceeding One Guinea a Day to every of them, and also the Allowance and Compensation to be made to the Clerk of the Peace or his Deputies, appointed as aforesaid, for their Trouble and Attendance, not exceeding Half a Guinea a Day to every of them for each Day of Attendance, shall be defrayed and repaid by the Candidates at such Election, in equal Proportions, to the Returning Officer or Officers who shall nave incurred such Expence.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the Clerk of the Peace shall and is hereby required to attend, or cause his Deputy to attend, during the whole of every Election of Members to serve in Parliament, the Returning Officer or Officers in his or their Booth, Court or Building where he or they shall preside at such Election; and the Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy shall bring with him all the original Affidavits of the Registry of Freeholds, and shall, on Demand of the Returning Officer or Officers, or his or their Assessor, produce such Affidavit as may be required by him or them.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for the Returning Officer or Officers, and he or they is and are hereby required, on Demand or Request in Writing of any Candidate or Candidates, immediately after such Request, to retain, nominate and appoint as many competent Persons to act as Interpreters as there shall be Places of Polling, or Places of taking the Oaths, Declarations and Affirmations as aforesaid, so that one such Interpreter shall attend each of such Places to transiate faithfully such Oaths, Declarations and Affirmations, and such Questions and Answers as are hereinbefore or herein after required to be taken, made, asked or given at the Place of Polling, and also before the Persons appointed to administer Oaths, Declarations and Affirmations as aforesaid; and every such Interpreter shall, immediately after such Appointment, and before he shall take upon him to act under such Appointment, take the following Oath, which the Returning Officer or Officers are hereby required to administer:

T A*B. do swear, That I will faithfully interpret such Oaths, Declarations, Affirmations, Questions and ' Answers as I shall be directed to interpret by the Returning Officer or Officers, his or their Deputies*

and the Persons appointed to administer Oaths, Declarations and Affirmations at this Ele&ion/

A^d the Allowance and Compensation to be made to the several Persons appointed as aforesaid for their Trouble and Attendance, not exceeding Half a Guinea a Day to every of them for each Day of Attendance, shall be defrayed and repaid by the Candidates at such Election, in equal Proportions, to the Returning? Officer or Officers.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That at all Elections at which any Person shall tender his Vote as having a Freehold, the Deputy prefixing in any Polling Booth or Building shall personally examine such Person - as to his Name and Residence, as to the Value, Tenure and Situation of his Freehold, and whether it arises from a Rent Charge 5 but it shall not be lawful for any other Person besides the Deputy, whether Barrister, Attorney, Agent, Candidate, Elector or other Person, to plead or speak to or examine any Person tendering his Vote, on any Pretence whatever, during the Continuance of the Poll, in any of the Polling Booths.

XVII. And Whereas Doubts have arisen as to the Power of Rejection and Examination of Person9

tendering their Votes by the Deputies of Returning Officers* Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall not be lawful for any Deputy to examine any Person tendering his Vote, except as hereinbefore directed; and that if any Objection shall arise as to the Right of such Person to vote, such Objection shall be forthwith referred to the Returning Officer or Officers 5 but it shall not be lawful for any Deputy to in-veftigate such Person's Right to vote, nor to reject such Person's Vote, without Reference to the Returning Officer or Officers.

XVIII. And Whereas great Delay has taken place from unnecessary Searches for original Affidavits of

Registry at various Elections, notwithstanding the Freeholders tendering their Votes had produced legal

Certificates of their having registered their Freeholds Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That after the passing of this Act, in every case in whiqh a Person offering to poll shall produce a Certificate of Registry in manner and form by Law required, without Erasure or Interlineation, such Certificate shall be deemed conclusive Evidence of his having duly registered such Freehold; blit if any Variance between such Certificate and the Book of Registry shall appear to the Deputy, or if no such Certificate shall be produced by such Person, it shall and may be lawful for such Deputy, and he is hereby required, lo

refer

265

A.D. 1817. 57° GEORGII III. C. 131.

refer such Person, if objected to, to the Returning Officer or Officers, or his or their Assessor or Assessors, who, or one of whom, are hereby* exclusively authorized to examine such Person's original Affidavit of Registry.

XIX. And Whereas by an Act of the Irish Parliament, passed in the Thirty seventh Year of the Reign of*His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the further Regulation of the Election of MerAbers to serve in Parliament, it is enacted, that any Person seised of a Freehold, not consisting of a Rent Charge, shall defive to register it, as being of the Value of Fifty Pounds or Twenty Pounds, he shall, in the Oath or Affirmation therein provided, name the Parish or Parishes, and the Townland or Townlands.in which such Freehold may be situated: And Whereas it is expedient that the Name of the Parish or Parishes should in the said Oath be omitted, and that the Townland or Townlands, or other Denomination by which the Place is generally known, wherein the Freehold is situated, be named in the said Oath or Affirmation Be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Person seised of a Freehold, not consisting of a Rent Charge, who shall desire to register it as being of the yearly Value of Fifty Pounds or Twenty Pounds, to omit in said Oath or Affirmation the Name of the Parish or Parishes in which said Freehold may be situated, and to name therein the Townland or Townlands, or other Denomination by which the Place is generally known, wherein the said Freehold may be situated.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person who shall be by due Course of Law convicted of having polled a Second time at the fame Election, except as herein after mentioned, or of having personated any other Person for the Purpose of polling at such Election, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and be transported for Seven Years to some Part of His Majesty's Dominions out of Europe, or be imprisoned for any term not more than Seven Years, at the Discretion of the Judge or Judges who shall try such Person.

XXI. And Whereas it is expedient that Persons having Freeholds under the yearly Value of Twenty Pounds, and subject only to Crown or Quit Rent, or arising from Fee Farm Grants, or under a Lease or Leases for ever, or for Lives renewable for ever, should have the Power of voting at Elections for Members of Parliament, although they should not reside thereon, or occupy such Freeholds by tilling or grazing,

4 to the Amount of Forty Shillings yearly Value thereof* Be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for Persons having Freeholds under Twenty Pounds yearly Value, not consisting of a Rent Charge, and liable only to Crown or Quit Rents, to register the fame in like manner as is provided for Persons having Freeholds of the yearly Value of Twenty Pounds in an Act of the Thirty seventh Year of His present Majesty, hereinbefore in part recited.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That such Person so registering his Freehold, shall insert in the Oath of Registry the Words Forty Shillings, " instead of the Words Twenty Pounds or Fifty Pounds; and shall add the following Words, and that the said Freehold does not consist of a Rent Charge, and that it is liable to no Rent, except Crown or Quit Rent, " or that it arises from a Fee Farm Grant, " or that I 44 hold it under a Lease or Leases for ever, " or that I hold it under a Lease or Leases for Lives, renewable for ever, " as the case may be.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall offer to vote by virtue of a Freehold under the yearly Value of Twenty Pounds, and holding the famesubject only to Crown or Quit Rents, before he be admitted to poll, shall make the fame Affirmations and take the fame Oaths as are now provided for Persons having Freeholds of the Value of Twenty Pounds: Provided always, that such Person shall in such Oaths make the fame Alterations and Additions as are herein set forth in the Oath of Registry for such Persons.

XXIV. And Whereas by sundry Statutes passed by the Parliament of Ireland, and also by the Forty fifth of His present Majesty, it is enacted, that every Oath or Affirmation made and subscribed at any Session of the Peace for Registry of any Freehold, shall be read aloud in open Court and signed by Two of the Justices presiding therein; And Whereas the Number of the Justices who are empowered to act within several of the Counties of Cities and Counties of Towns in Ireland, agreeably to the Charters thereof, is extremely limited in Amount, and often confined in a great Degree to those who from Age and Infirmity- are incapacitated'for active Performance of Duty: And Whereas it is necessary to provide against any confer quest Inconvenience or Delay of Persons possessed of Freehold Property who wiffi duly to register such Freeholds, and to qualify themselves for exercising the elective Franchise; Therefore be it enacted, That in all Counties of Cities* and Counties of Towns in Ireland, the Mayor or other Chief Magistrate of such County of a City or County of a Town, or other his sufficient Deputy appointed by him pursuant to the Charter, in case of his Illness or Absence from such City or Town, shall continue to hold each General Quarter Session of the Peace for one entire Day after the Criminal and other Business of every such Session has been fully transacted, commencing his Sitting at the Hour of Ten in the Forenoon, for the Purpose of xegiftering all such Freeholders as present themselves for that Purpose, in such manner and form as now required by Law; and that the said Mayor shall continue his Sitting until the Hour of Four in the Afternoon, and administer all the Oaths and sign all Certificates which are now required by Law to render the Registry of such Freehold valid; and that the Signature of such Chief Magistrate rir his Deputy shall be singly and of itself a sufficient Attestation of such Registry, in place of the Signatures of Two Magistrates as now required by Law, and shall be then and there delivered by such Mayor or his Deputy to the Clerk of the Peace, to be filed and kept among the Records of the Court.

XXV. And it is hereby further enacted, That if the Mayor or other Chief Magistrate shall, by himself or his sufficient Deputy, neglect or wilfully omit to hold any such Session, in manner and form as hereinbefore recited, or to admit to register their Freeholds thereat such Persons duly qualified as shall present themselves for that Purpose to the said Mayor or Chief Magistrate, such Mayor or Chief Magistrate so offending 57 Geo. III. Mm ffiaH

37 G. 3. (I.)

Freeholders of 50l. or 2o\. may omit Parish in Oaths,

and to name Townland, &c.

Persons convicted of polling Twice, (Exception) or of personating others, to be transported for Seven Yeats.

Freeholder under act. fiib-jeCI only to Crown or Quit Rent, &c. may register as under the said A

37 G. 3. (I.) Oath to be taken by such Freeholder.

[Proviso.]

Such Freeholder to make the fame Affirmation and Oaths as Persons having Freeholds of aoL Value.

45 G. 3. C. 59. §a.

Regulations for the Registry of Freeholders.

Mayor, &c. not admitting Freeholders to be registered,

266

Penalty 100l. Clerk of the Peace neglecting his Duty, Penalty 50L

Poll Clerk to take the follow, ing Oath.

Oath,

Returning Officer acting partially, Imprisonment fer Three Years, and Incapacity.

Deputy Sheriff, &c. absenting himself, to forfeit Cotnpenfuion, and another to be appointed.

Returning Officer, kc. refuGng or neglecting to perform his Duty,

[Penalty.]

Qualification of Deputy Sheriffs.

In case of Death or illness of Returning Officer, first sworn Deputy to proceed jn Poll, &c. as Returning Officer.

Penalty xooooL

[Proviso.]

Persons haring voted for Candidate dying during the Poll, empowered to vote again.

Oath to be taken by Persons voting a Second time.

Returning Officer may furo-oxw Bailing dec.

C. 131. 57° GEORGII III. A.D. 1817.

shall forfeit the penal Sum of One hundred Pounds for each and every such Neglect of Duty; and if the Clerk of the Peace or his sufficient Deputy shall neglect or omit to attend at such Session of the Peace, and then and there to do all Acts now required of him by Law for the Registry of Freeholders, such Clerk of the Peace shall forfeit the penal Sum of Fifty Pounds 5 such Penalties to be recovered by Information in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record in Dublin; One Moifcty whereof shall be payable to our Lord The King, and the other Moiety to him who shall sue for and recover the same.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That from and after passing the said recited Act, at any Election for any Member or Members to serve in Parliament for any County, City, Borough or Town in Ireland\ every Person whom the Returning Officer or Officers shall retain to act as a Clerk for taking the Poll, shall, before he commences to take such Poll, take the following Oath:

I A.B. swear, That I will truly and indifferently take the Poll at this Election, and set down the Name

and Residence of each Voter, the Value, Tenure, Situation and Place and Date of Registry of his Free- hold, and whether sworn to or affirmed by such Voter, as the case may be, and for whom he shall poll.'

Which Oath of every such Poll Clerk the said Returning Officer or Officers is or are hereby authorized and required to administer.

XXVII. And Whereas it is necessary to guard against improper Conduct of Returning Officers at such

Election for Members to serve in Parliament Be it enacted, That every Returning Officer who shall be by due Course of Law convicted of having acted corruptly or partially in the Execution of his Duty of Returning Officer at any Election for Members to serve in Parliament, shall be adjudged guilty of a high Misdemeanor, and be imprisoned for Three Years; and such Person, so convicted, is hereby declared to be for ever incapable of holding any Office or Situation, Civil or Military, under the Crown.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That any Deputy Sheriff, Commissioner for administering Oaths, Declarations and Affirmations as aforesaid, Poll Clerk, Clerk of the Peace or Deputy Clerk of the Peace, appointed as aforesaid, or Interpreter, absenting himself, shall forfeit all Compensation for Attendance during such Election; and the Returning Officer or Officers is and are hereby authorized and required, in case of the Absence of any such Person or Persons, immediately to appoint, as before herein directed, a Person or Persons to fill his or their Place or Places.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Returning Officer, or Deputy-Returning Officer, Sheriff or Deputy Sheriff, Clerk of the Peace or Deputy Clerk of the Peace, or other Officer hereinbefore mentioned, who shall refuse or neglect to perform his Duty according to the Provisiona of this Act, shall forfeit Ten Pounds with Treble Costs for each and every such Instance of Refusal or Ne-

fled, to any Person suing for the fame at any Sessions of the Peace within Twelve Calendar Months after such nftance of Neglect or Refusal.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That tio Sheriff of any County in Ireland shall appoint, after the passing of the present Act, any Person to act as his Deputy, unless such Person shall be a Freeholder of such County, having a Freehold of the yearly Value of Fifty Pounds at least above all Charges; and such Sheriff is hereby required to demand, upon Oath, of such Person offering to be sworn as Deputy, whether such Person has a Freehold of that Value.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That in case of the Death or severe illness of the Returning Officer or Officers during the Continuance of the Poll, it shall and may be lawful for the first sworn Deputy, who shall be sworn by himself for this Purpose before the Commencement of the Poll, and he is hereby re quired, under the Penalty of forfeiting One thousand Pounds to any Person suing for the fame, to proceed in the Poll, and to ad in every respect for all the Purposes of the Election as if he had been originally Returning Officer, and take the Oath as directed by Law for the Returning Officer at the Commencement of the Poll, which any Two Justices of the Peace are hereby authorized to administer, and proceed in the Poll, and to ad in every respect as Returning Officer for all the Purposes of such Election, as if he had been originally Returning Officer, and shall make a Special Return of the Fads, as the case may be, unless his Authority shall be previously superseded by the Recovery of the Returning Officer, or the legal Appointment of a new one, as the case may be.

XXXII. And Whereas it is expedient, in the Event of the Death of any Candidate during a Poll, that all«Persons who have given their Votes for such Candidate should be enabled to vote over again Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all cases where it shall be made to appear to the Returning Officer, upon Oath of any credible Witness, which Oath he is hereby empowered and directed to administer at any time before the Poll is finally closed at any Election, that any Candidate for whom any Votes have been given at such Election shall have died, then such Returning Officer shall catlfe public Notice thereof to be given, and shall direct such Poll to be adjourned till the next Day; and in such case every Elector who shall have voted for such deceased Candidate shall be admitted, if he think fit, to vote over again: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend to enable any Person who shall have so voted for any deceased Candidate to vote again for more than one Candidate, or to give such Vote in favour of any Candidate for whom he shall have before voted.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That in every such case of any Person being so admitted to vote a Second time, the following Words shall be omitted out of the Oaths or Affirmations now directed by Law to be taken or made by every such Person before he is admitted to poll; (that is to say), " And that I have not u been before polled at this Eledionand that in lieu thereof the following be inserted; (that is to say), u and that I have polled at this Election for A. now deceased."

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That at any Election for any County, City, Borough or Town in Ireland7 it shall be lawful for any Returning Officer or Officers to furamon all Constables, Bailiffs or other

U Peace

A.D. 1817. 57° GEORGII III. C. 131, 13a.

Peace Officers, to attend and keep the Peace at such Election; and that any such Constable, Bailiff or Peace Officer neglecting to attend during the whole of such Election, shall forfeit such Office of Constable, Bailiff or other Peace Officer, and all Salary due to him.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That any Constable, Bailiff or other Peace Officer, convicted of a Breach of the Peace during such Election, shall be adjudged guilty of a Misdemeanor, and be imprisoned for any time not more than Twelve Calendar Months.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the Returning Officer or Officers, or his or their Deputy or Deputies, at any Election, shall have Power, and he and they is and are hereby authorized, to commit all Persons to Gaol, without Bail or Mainprize, who shall be found rioting or interrupting the Poll, or wilfully preventing the Approach of Ele&ora to the Place of polling; provided that the time of such imprisonment shall not in any case exceed Twenty four Hours.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That dll former Act of Parliament, made for the Regulation of the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for Places in Ireland, not heretofore repealed, are hereby confirmed and reenacted, except as the same are herein amended or altered.

CAP. CXXXII.

An Act for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and Seventeen*and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

j I.£.1, 300, 000 II. 1, 500, 000

III.

IV.

V.

VI.

VII.

VIII.

IX.

X. XI.

XII.

XIII.

o

o

2, 000, 000 0 0

15.749 15 2

1, 849, 810 1

1, 225, 978 2 3

400, 000 0 0

3, 000, 000 0 0

24, 000, 000 0 0

18, 000, 000 0 0

9, 000, 000 0 0

3, 600, 000 0 0

15*749 15 2

1, 849, 810 1 6i

1, 225, 978 2 3

1, 300, 000 0 0

400, 000 0 0

1, 500, 000 b 0

7, 645, 422 1 2

216, 600 0 0

233>7oo 0 0

245*100 0 0

22, 800 0 0

1, 142, 838 11 4*

780, 759 4 7i

142, 500 0 0

252, 700 0 0

272, 650 0 0

285, 950 0 0

26, 600 0 0

*, 660, 000 0 0

Out of the Duties of 56 G. 3. c. 17

[12th July 1817.]

j Granted to make good I the Supply of Great

Out of Arrears of Property Tax under 46 G. 3. V ^tain/niln

c6S- - --J foTiSi 7.a"

Treasury to direct any Number of Exchequer Bills to be made out as directed by 48 G. 3. c. 1. on Fourteen Days* Notice in the London Gazette, and in three or more of the London Newspapers, of the Day of Payment.

Powers of 48 G. 3. c. 1. extended to such Exchequer Bills.

Such Exchequer Bills to bear Interest not exceeding 3 Jd. per Cent. per Diem.

And may be taken in Payment of the Revenue after Expiration of Four Months after their Date.

Bank may advance on Credit of Aids, notwithstandinr 5 & 6 IV. & M. c.*j. or any subsequent A& -

Surplus of Grants for 1815

- for 1816.

Consolidated Fund

From Sale of Old Naval and Victualling Stores Raised by Exchequer Bills under c. 5. "

T " - c. 2.

'50

c. 2. I c. 16.

Monies arising from Lotteries Raised by Iri'(h Treasury Bills 'granted above, JVIII.)

*IX.)

§X.)

c c. 80. j

*3*- 1

c. 81. J

ante.

1.)

*xf.)

*n.)

Granted as above, and appropriated to Uses herein after expressed. See § XIII. &c

At per Man per Month.

£. 1. d.

1 18 o"|

2 10 230 o 4 o

' "or Naval Services 5 that is to say,

For Wages of 19, 000 Men, -

For Victuals,

For Wear and Tear of Ships, ForOrdnanceforSeaService, ^v -

For Ordinary Establishment of the Navy .*For Extraordinary Ditto For Transport Service, Sick and Wounded Sea-men, and Prisoners of War For Wages of 19, 000 Men,!

For Victuals,

For Wear and Tear of Ships,

For Ordnance for Sea Service

At per( 1 18 °1

> Man ter i*1 °[

[I Month.

) 2

O

3 of

4 o j

For 6 Months, commencing l ft Jan. 1817.

For 7 Months, from 17 th June 1817.

Towards paying off the Debt of the Navy and Transport Service. M m 2

267

to attend Elections.

Bailiffs convicted of a Breach of the Peace, Misdemeanor.

Returning Officer may commit Persons for 14 Hours found rioting.

All former Milling Acts confirmed, &c. except as herein altered, Ac,

268

C. 132.

57° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1817.

£. 119, 026 l6 6

I»333»311 13 31

610, 885 <5 4!

300, 000 0 0

9, 412, 373 H Of

1, 237, 60° 0 0

438, 000 0 0

131, 600 0 0

7 Months, mencing 18th 1817.

For the Year 1817.

com-

June

16, 700 0 0

37.50° O 0

15, 800 0 0

20, 500 0 0

8, 300 0 0

393, 200 0 0

82, 700 0 0

M37.S71 5 6

For Transport Service, Sick and Wounded Sea-") p men, and Prisoners of War -

For Ordinary Establishment of the Navy For Extraordinary Ditto -

For Provisions for Troops and Garrisons on Fo-"l reign Stations, and Rations for Troops to be*embarked on board of Ships and Transports For Land Forces and other Services; that is to say,

For Land Forces for G. B. and on Stations')

abroad, (excepting the Corps llationed in j From 25th Dec. 1816 to France, and the Regiments employed in the } 24th June 1817. Territorial Possessions of the E. I. Company)

For Land Forces for Ireland - - J

Towards Charge of Corps, &c. existing bn the British Establishment to 25th Dec. 1816, but now disbanded, or proposed to be wholly or partially reduced in 1817, and also for Two Regiments proposed to be transferred to the Indian Establishment in the course of the said Year 1817. net Towards Charge of Corps, &c. in Ireland, proposed to be reduced in the course of the Year 1817.

For Volunteer Corps in G. B.

net - Ireland - - - I

For In Petitioners of Chelsea Hospital net For Kilmalnham Hospital

For Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital

Kilmalnham Hospital

From 25th Dec. 1816 to 24th June 1817.

net

438, 4055 2 net

111, 548 12 1

35, 266 19 11 net

153.775 6 7

8.828 7 3 net

15, 000 0 0

11, 446 3 1 net

37.50° 0 0

15, 86597 net

17, 824 1 5

177, 360 6 0

1, 684 12 4 net

27.045 3 4

7.033 6 1 net

127, 3*1 l3 4

5.224 7 10 net

597.430 0 0

50, 492 7 6 net

To complete the Sum required for Land Forces') for G. B. and on Stations abroad, (excepting the Corps llationed in France, and the Regiments employed in the Territorial PolTeffions of the E. I. Company)

To complete the Sum required for Land Forces in Ireland -

For General and Staff Officers, and Officers of the Hospitals serving with the Forces in G. B. and on Foreign Stations, excepting France and India -

For Ditto in Ireland -

For Allowances to the Principal Officers of certain Public Departments in G. Btheir Deputies, Clerks and Contingencies For Ditto in Ireland

For Medicines and Surgical Materials for Land Forces on the Establishment of G. B.f and of certain Hospital Contingencies For Ditto in Ireland To complete the Sum required for Volunteer Corps in G. B.

For Ditto in Ireland -

For Four Troops of Dragoons, and Twelve Companies of Foot, llationed in G. B. for recruiting the Corps employed in the Territorial Possessions of the E. I. Company For Pay of General Officers in Land Forces, not being Colonels of Regiments upon the Establishment in G. B.

For Ditto in Ireland -

For Garrisons at Home and Abroad, on thel Establishment of G. B.

For Garrisons in Ireland For full Pay for retired Officers, and unattached Officers of Forces on the Establishment of G.B. -

For Full Pay for retired Officers of Forces on Establishment of Ireland - - - J

For Half Pay to reduced Officers of Land Forces'!

upon the Establishment oi G. B. - - I

- " 1 — - Ireland - -1

f From 25th Dec. 18x6 to > 24th Dec. 1817.

For the Year 1817.

From 25 th Dec. 1816 to 24th Dec. 1817.

For the Year 1817.

From 25th Dec. 1816 to 24th Dec. 1817.

A.D. 1817.

*£.29, 106 if 6

C. 132.

2, 520 19 11 net

33>46* O 0

20, 519 O 4

8, 341 13 11 net

393, 260 2 11

00 0 005 4 net

80, 770 0 0

18, 21490 net

163, 502 3 7

19, 500 0 0

19, 672 6 1

5>8 94 35*°°°

I3I>7I+

16, 747

83, 038

500, 649

194, 566

20, 000

13 10 net

o o

o o

o o net o O o o

11 10 J net o o net

15 ^4399 91 net

11, 076 18 6 net

From 25 th Der. 1816 to 24th Dec. 1817.

207, 832 124, 522 1, 400, 000 100, 000 XV. 1, 000, 000

7 o

17 5 net o 0 o o o o

57° GEORGII III.

For Military Allowance* to reduced Officers of Land Forces upon the Establishment of G. B.

- Ireland

For Half Pay and reduced Allowances to the Officers of disbanded Foreign Corps, Pensions to Wounded Officers, and Allowances to the Widows and Children of deceased Foreign Officers To complete the Sum required for In Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital

- : --- Kilmainham Hospital

- Out Pensioners of Chelsea

Hospital -

- Out Pensioners of Kilmain-

ham Hospital.

For Pensions to Widows of Officers of Land Forces and Marines upon the Establishment of G.B.- -

- Ireland

For Allowances on Compassionate Lift to Officers for Wounds.

For Allowances to Reduced Adjutants of Local Militia in G. B.

For Allowances, Compensations and Emoluments in the nature of Superannuation or retired Allowances to Persons belonging to several Public Departments, in respectc for their haring held Public Offices or Employments of a Civil Nature -

- Ireland

For Fees expected to be paid at the Exchequer on Issues for Army Services for the British Establishment

To complete the Sum required for Corps, See. existing on the British Establishment on 25th Dec. 1816, but now disbanded, or proposed to be wholly or partially reduced in 1817; and also for Two Regiments proposed to be transferred to the Indian Establishment in the Course of the said Year.

To complete the Sum required for Corps, &c. in Ireland, proposed to be reduced in the Course of the Year 1817.

For the Service of the Barrack Department in")

G.B. I

For Supply of Bread, Meat and Forage, Coals, I

Candles, Straw and Furniture, for the Troops V For the Year 1817. in G. B. and for casual Supplies of the Troops j on Foreign Stations, and also for the Pay of the

Commissariat Department - J

For the Commissariat Department in Ireland -1 v , 0 ,

For Pay and Contingent Allowances of Yeomanry > ron|i2'^5* 1

Corps on Permanent Service in Ireland - -J hJee. lb 17.

For Service of Barrack Department in Ireland for Three Months to 25 th March 1817, calculating the Military Establishment at 4, 352 Cavalry and 24, 287 Infantry, and for Nine Months to 24th Dec. 1817, calculating the Military Establishment at 4, 352 Cavalry, and 21, 181 Infantry.

For the External Establishment of Kilmainhaml For the Year ending 24th Hospital - -5 Dec. 1817.

For the Disembodied Militia of G. B. - -1 -c, v 0

{- For the Year 1817.

of Ireland

For Extraordinary Expences of the Army for G.B. } pQr^resent Ye r

- for Ireland j or Pre en e

To Field Marshal the Duke of Wellington, and His Majesty's Forces and those of His Majesty's Allies serving under His Grace's Command at the Battle of Waterloo and the Capture of Paris, in such manner as His Majesty shall direct, the Sum of Twenty five Millions of Francs, assigned to His Majesty from the Pecuniary Indemnity payable by France under the Treaty of the 25th Day of Nov. 1815, by the Protocol of the Ministers of the Allied Powers of the fame Date.

JFrom 25th Dec. 1816, I to 24th Dec. 1817.

XVI. 1, 030, 603 15 o For the Land Forces for Service in France

2?Q

C. 132.

57° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1817.

XVII.

*£.100, 000

248, 000

25.000 o o 25, 081 O II

25.000 o o

o o Toward* the Office of Ordnance for Land Service For the Year 1817.

o o For the Office of Ordnance for Land Service for 7 From the lft Jan. to the

Great Britain - - - -) 30th 1817.

For Services performed by the Office of Ordnance for Land Service for Great Britain, and not provided for by Parliament in the Year 1815.

For Services performed by the Office of Ordnance for Land Service for Great Britain, and not provided for by Parliament for the Year 1816.

For Expenses of Reduction in the Office of'

Ordnance for Land Service in Great Britain -

105.000 o o For the Office of Ordnance for Great Britain on account of the Allowances to Superannuated,

Retired and Half Pay Officers, to Officers From 1st Jan. to 30th seconded, and to Officers for good Services, to June 1817. Superannuated and disabled Men, also for Pensions to Widows and Children of deceased Officers late belonging to the several Ordnance Military Corps

30, 83196 For Allowapce to Superannuated and Half Pay Officers, to Superannuated

and Disabled Men, also for Pensions to wounded Officers late belonging to the several Ordnance Military Corps in Great Britain, and not provided for by Parliament in the Year 1816.

15.000 o o. For Allowances, Compensations and Emoluments" in the nature of Superannuated or Retired Allowances, to Persons late belonging to the Office of Ordnance in Great Britain, in respect of their having held any Public Offices or Employments of a Civil Nature, and also for the Charge of Widows' Pensions

72, 000 o o For the Office of Ordnance for Ireland

7.000 o o For the Office of Ordnance in Ireland on account of the Pay of Retired Officers of the late Royal From 1st Jan. to 30th Irish Artillery and of Royal Engineers, and of June 1817.

Pensions to Widows of deceased Officers of the fame

1*75° o o for Allowances, Compensations and Emoluments in the nature of Superannuated or Retired Allowances, to Persons late belonging to the Office of Ordnance in Ireland, in respect of their having held any Public Offices or Employments of a Civil Nature, and also for the Charge of Widows'

Pensions -

In full for the Office of Ordnance for Land Ser-" 1 vice for Great Britain 63*865 3 In full for the Office of Ordnance for Ireland

25, 000 00 In full for Expences of Reduction in the Office of Ordnance for Land Ser*

vice in Great Britain in the Year 1817.

In full for the Office of Ordnance for Great Britain on account of the Allowances to retired General Officers, to Superannuated, Retired and Half Pay Officers, to Officers seconded, and to Officers for good Services, to Superanuated and Disabled Men, also for Pensions to Widows and Children of deceased Officers late belonging to the several Ordnance Military Corps In full for Allowances, Compensations and Emoluments in the nature of Superannuated or Retired Allowances, to Persons late belonging to the Office of Ordnance in Great Britain, in respefk of their having held any Public Offices or Employments of a Civil Nature, and also for the Charge of Widows' Pensions 7*000 00 In full for the Office of Ordnance in Ireland on account of the Pay of Retired Officers of the late Irish Artillery and Engineers, and of Pensions to Widows of deceased Officers of the fame -

l>75° 00 In full for AJlowances, Compensations, and Emoluments in the nature of Superannuated or

348#9599

*05, 728 10 11

For the Year 1817.

15, 00895

For the Year 1817.

A.D. 1817.

57° GEORGII III. C. 132.

XVIII. jff.i 1, 000, 000 o o XIX. 13, 000, 000 o o XX. 1, 235, 000 o o

XXL 3, 080, 000 o o

c. 4..54.

XXII.12, 152, 000 XXIII. 1, 689, 900

o o 00

XXIV. Civil Establishments,

15.814 o o 13, 440 o o

12.815 o o 11, 325 o o

6, 247 10 o

5*4*5 o o 3, 826 o o 3, 301 10 o

2, 550 o o 600 o o XXV. 200, 000 o o

1, 900, 000 o o 330, 000 o o

41, 229 8

28, 155 4 34»4* 5 S 75>3°° 0

80.000 o

17.000

9

5

o

o o

3*552 12 3

815 8 4

3.500 o o

3.250 o o

3.250 o o

8.500 o o

6, 472 17 o 31, 000 O o 8, 197 6 8

Retired Allowances, to Persons late belonging to the Office of Ordnance in Ireland, in respect of their having held any Public Offices or Employments of'a Civil Nature, and also for the Charge of Widows' Pensions -

For discharging Outstanding Exchequer Bills under 56 G.3.

Ditto -

(Irish Currency)Treasury Bills issued in Ireland under 53 G. 3. c. 61.

and 56 G. 3. r.41.

(British Currency) Treasury Bills idued for Ireland pursuant to 56 G.3.

c. 41, 42, and 47.

Exchequer Bills charged on the Aids of 1816.

Ditto - under 55 G. 3. c. 196.

viz.

Sierra Leone.

Nova Scotia.

New South Wale/.

Upper Canada.

New Brunswick.

Newfoundland.

Saint John (Prince Edward Island).

The Bahama Islands, in addition to the Salaries now paid to the Public Officers out of the Duty Fund, and the incidental Charges attending the same.

Cape Breton.

Dominica.

For such Expences of a Civil Nature in Great Britain as do not form Part of the ordinary Charges of the Civil List.

For discharging interest on Exchequer Bills.

Being the Hundredth Part of the Sum of Thirty" three Millions of Exchequer Bills authorized in the last Session of Parliament to be issued and charged upon the Aids granted in the present Session, by Quarterly Payments to be placed to the Account of the Commissioners of the National Debt.

For discharging on the 5th of April 1817 certain! To be paid without any Annuities granted by 378c 42 G. 3. Fee or other Deduction.

For the Royal Military College.- For the Year 1817.

C From the 2 5th Dec. 1816.

For the Year ending the 1st Feb. 1818.

For the Royal Military Asylum at Chelsea

For the confining, maintaining and employing Convicts at home -

For Bills drawn, or which may be drawn, from New South Wales For printing Acts of Parliament for the two Houses of Parliament, for the Sherids, Clerks of the Peace and Chief Magistrates throughout the United Kingdom, and for the Acting Juf-t ices throughout Great Britain; also for printing Bills, Reports, Evidence and other Papers and Accounts for the House of Lords,

For printing 1, 250 Copies of Vol. 49. of Journals"

To make good the Deficiency of the Grant of 1816, for printing 1 Copies of Vol. 69. of Journals of the House of Commons.

Expence that may be incurred in 1817 for printing 1, 750 Copies of Vol. 70. of Journals of the House of Commons.

- Vol. 71.

- Vol. 72.

Reprinting Journals and Reports of the House of)^year igj Commons, J

To make good Deficiency of Grant for 1816 for reprinting Journals and Reports of the House of Commons.

For printing Bills, Reports and other Papers, by Order of the House of Commons, during the present Session.

To make good the Deficiency of the Grant of 1816 for printing Bills, Reports and other Papers* by Order of the House of Commons, during the last Session.

to 24th Dec, 1817.

For the Year 1817.

of the House of Peers.

750

C. 132.

2, 500 o a

57° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1817.

XXVII.

+.895 6 0

13*500 0 0

3»oooo 0 0

20, 000 0 0

4*000 0 0

266: l3 4

1, 950 0 0

33i 10 0

620 0 0

20, 000 0 0

2, 695 18 10

3, 000 0 0

8*577 16 5

10, 000 0 0

11, 400 0 0

40, 000 0 0

400 10 5

300, 000 0 0

25, 000 0 0

7, 614 0 0

450 0 0

Os 00 0 6

40, 000 0 0

20, 000 0 0

600 0 0

23, 000 0 0

3000 0 0

246, 508 14 2

rish Currency net.

1, 250 0 0

21, 514 0 0

To be paid without Fee or other Deduction.

1

For the Year 1817.

To be paid without Fee or other Deduction.

I

For the Year 1817.

To be paid without Fee or other Deduction.

For printing the Votes for the House of Commons during the present Se flion of Parliament.

For Superintendance of Aliens according to por t^e Year 181 56G.3. r. 86..- - - 1 r 1 17*

For American Loyalist* - p the Year

For confining and maintaining cn-

minal Lunatics - j 1 '*

For Law Charges -

For extraordinary Expences for Prosecutions, &c relating to the Coin of this Kingdom For Superannuation Allowance or Compensation^to one of the late Paymasters of Exchequer Bills

For Superannuation Allowances or Compenfa tions to retired Clerks and other Officers for merly employed in the Office of the Commissioners for auditing the public Accounts For Superannuation Allowances or Compenfa tions to retired Clerks and other Officers for merly employed in the Lottery Office For Superannuation Allowances or Compenfa tions to retired Officers formerly employed His Majesty's Mint For further Execution of 43 G. 3. c. 80. to wards making Roads and building Bridges in the Highlands of Scotland For Repair of Henry the 7th's Chapel - For the National Vaccine Establishment For Management of the British Museum For defraying of Works carrying on at the Col lege of Edinburgh, for the Year 1817 For Penitentiary House, from the 24th June 1817 to the 24th June 1818 Towards building a Penitentiary House at Mil bank, for the Year 1817 -

To make good Deficiency of Grant in the present Session for printing 1, 750 Copies of the 70th Volume of Journals of the House of Commons.

For such Expences of a Civil Nature as do not form a Part of the ordinary Charges of the Civil List.

Fox inland Navigation from the Eastern to the Western Sea, by Invernest and Fort William Tq complete the original estimated Expence of the Works at Holyhead Harbour, for the present Year -

For making a Landing Place at port Devargh, on the Jiill of Holyhead, for the Landing of the Mails from the Packets by Boats, when the Wind doe6 not enable them to reach the Harbour in time to land the Mail by the Coach Supplemental Charge for Mifcefianeous Printing done by Order of the House of Commons in the Session of 1816.

Yo* extraordinary Expense* of the Mint in thel _^Year g

Gold Coinage - - - j '

For improving sundry Portions of the Holyhead1

Roads " -, ".r 1 To be paid without Fee

o an<! dlfclarg'n.g °n thte \ or other Deduction.

0Sober 1817 certain Annuities granted by 37

& 42 Geo. 3. - - - J

For maintaining and repairing the British Forts 1 For the Year 1817.

on the Coast of /Ifrica - - > To be paid without Fee

For the Board of Agriculture - J or other Deduction.

net* To make good the Permanent Charges of Irelandoutstanding and unprovided

for on the 5th January 1817.

For the Remuneration of several Public Officers for their extraordinary

Trouble, in the Year 1817.

Board of Works in Ireland - - For the Year 1817.

8

To be paid without Fee or other Deduction.

A.D. 181 7.

57° GEORGII III.

C.

132.

Irtfh Currency net.

£ 22, 543 14 5

XXX.

10, 500 0 0

3, 726 5 0

25, 000 0 0

2, 500 0 0

9*97'0 0

4»1If 0 0

2, 112 0 0

1*017 5 10

740 0 0

11, 000 0 0

14, 000 0 0

43>333 6 8

Sterling.

4*000 0 0 1

ish Currency net.

10, 000 0 0

20, 000 0 0

21, 600 0 0

12, 000 0 0

300 0 0

350 0 0

35»*5 .0 0

39*701 0 0

7, 920 0 0

8.399 0 0

2, 985 0 0

3.000 Q 0

9, 010 0 0

3*u 0 0

1, 590 ». III. 0 0

For One Year, ending 5th January 1818.

Printing, Stationery and other Disbursements for the Chief and Under Secretaries' Offices and Apartments and other Public Offices in Dub-tin Castle, and for Riding Charges and other Expences of the Deputy Pursuivants and extra Messengers attending the said Offices 5 also J>' superannuated Allowances in the said Chief Secretary's Office -

Publishing Proclamations and other Matters of a Public Nature in the Dublin Gazette and other Newspapers in Ireland -

Printing 1, 290 Copies of a compressed Quarto Edition of the Statutes of the United Kingdom for the Magistrates of Ireland, and 250 Copies of a Folio Edition of ditto, bound for the Use of the Lords, Bishops and Public Officers in Ireland.

Criminal Prosecutions and other Law Expences 7

Apprehending Public Offenders - I From 5th January 1817

For completing the Sum for the Support of I to 5th January 1818. Non Conforming Ministers - - J

For Support of the seceding Ministers from the") From 25th March 1817 Synod of Ulster - - - 3 to 2Cth March 1818.

For Salaries of the Lottery Officers - ^th 7 Cndins

For Pratique of the Port of Dublin - ("From 25th Dec. 1815

' I to 5th Jan* 1817.

For Clothing Battle-axe Guards - So^t 8 Months, from ist

For completing Works of the Harbour of Howthy in addition to the Balance in she Hands of the Commissioners, and of the Sale of the Machinery, Barges, Lighters, Railways, Tools and other Implements.

To carry otf the Works at Dunmore Harbour in the Current Year.

f For the Year ending 5 th I Jan, 1818.

For Civil Contingencies

For the Board of Inland Navigation.

For building Churches and Glebe Houses and 7 For One'Year, ending purchasing Glebes - -«- j 5th Jan. 1818.

To the Trustees and Commissioners of First Fruits, to be by them employed towards the building, rebuilding and enlarging of Churches and Chapels, the building of Glebe Houses and procuring Glebes, in such manner as they shall think fit.

For Trustees of the Linen and Hempen Manufactures, to be by them applied in'such manner as shall appear to them to be most conducive to promote and encourage the said Manufactures -

For Commissioners for making wide and convenient Streets in Dublin For an additional Allowance to the Chairman of the Board* of Inland Navigation For die Royal Irish Academy in the City of Dublin -

For the Foundling Hospital at Dublin For the House of Industry and Asylums for in-duftrious Children in Dublin For the Richmond Lunatic Asylum at Dublin For the Hibernian Society for Soldiers' Children at Dublin - For the Hibernian Marine Society in Dublin For the Female Orphan House in the Circular Road, Dublin -

For the Westmorland Lock Hospital in Dublin For the Lying-in Hospital in Dublin For Doctor Stevens's Hospital - j

Nn

For One Year, ending 5th Jan 1818.

For the Year 1817.

For the Year ending 5th Jan. 1818.

c.

132.

Irish Currency net. ag.5, 000 0 0

5°4

3»7i6

A13

9.653

10, 000

4, 918

2, 500

>.539

XXXI.

xxxii.

o

o

57° GEORGII III.

For the House of Recovery and Fever Hospital in Cork Street, Dublin For the Hospital for Incurables at Dublin For the Association for discountenancing Vice and promoting the Knowledge and Practice of the Christian Religion For the Green Coat Hospital for the City of Cork For defraying the Sums required in furtherance of several Objects of the Society for promoting the Education of the Poor For the Dublin Society -

For the Farming Society of Ireland For the Cork Institution - For the Protestant Charter Schools of Ireland For the Roman Catholic Seminary.

A.D. 1817.

9.673

Supplies to be applied for the Purposes aforesaid.

For One 5 th Jan.

Year ending 1818.

Rules for Application of Half Pay.

XXXIlL Half Pay to Officers of Manx Fencibles.

XXXIV. - - — Chaplains of Regiments although in Possession of Ecclesiastical Benefices.

XXXV. Application of Overplus of Sum under 56 Geo. 3. c. 142. f

t [But in this Section the Title of the AS 55 Geo. 3. c. 187 is recited instead of the Title of 56 Geo. 3. c. 142. J

LOCAL

A.D. 1817. 57° GEORGII III.i. 275

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS,

DECLARED PUBLIC,

AND TO BE JUDICIALLY NOTICED.

N.B. — The Continuance of such of the following Acts as are Temporary will be known {where it is not expressly fated) by referring to the following Lift, according to the corresponding Letter at the Ena of thl Title.

f*z) For 21 Years, [i. e. to the End of the next Session\ from a Day named in the Ad.

\b) For 21 Years, &c, from the passing of the Ad.

(c) For 21 Years, £s* c. after the End of the Term under former Acts.

The following are all Public Acts ( to each of which is annexed a Clause in the Form following:

" And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and M shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially " pleaded."

Cap. i.

An Act to extend the Limits of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for preventing Frauds in the Admeasurement of Coals in certain Parishes in the Counties of Middlesex and Essex.

[4 th March 1817.]

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament made in the Fifty sixth'Year of the Reign of His present 56G.3.^ Majesty, intituled An Act for preventing Frauds in the Admeasurement and Delivery of Coals within the several Parishes in the County of Middlesex lying between the Par if of Saint Luke Chelsea, and the Mouth of the River Colne, near Staines and also between Limehouse Hole and the Mouth of the River Lee, near Blackwall; and also within the several Parishes in the Counties of Middlesex and Etfex adjoining to both Banks of the River Lee, and the Branches thereof between the River Thames and Edmonton, a 4 Public Office was directed to be provided or continued at or near Hammersmith, in the said County of Middlesex, which should be deemed and taken to be the Principal Land Coal Meter's Office for the several Parishes, Hamlets and Places in the County of Middlesex lying upon and adjoining to the North Side or Bank of the River Thames, between the Parish of Saint Luke Chelsea, and the Mouth or Entrance of the said River Colne, near Staines; and also between Limehouse Hole, and the Mouth or Entrance of the said*River Lee, or Bow Creek; and also for the several Parishes in the Counties of Middlesex and Essex lying*upon or adjoining to the said River Lee, or Bow Creek, and of every Stream or Branch thereof on Doth Sides or Banks thereof respectively, situate between the said River Thames and the said Parish of Edmonton;

that is to say, the several Parishes, Hamlets and Places of Saint Luke, Fulham, Hammersmith, Chiswick,

Ealing, Brentford, Hanwell, Isleworth, Twickenham, Teddington, Hampton, Sunbury, Shepperton, Laleham,

Staines, Saint Anne Limehouse (except so much thereof as is situate between Tower Dock and Limehouse Hole), Poplar and Blackwall, in the Parish of Stepney; Saint Leonard Bromley, Saint Mary StratfordJe*

Bow, Saint John at Hackney, and Tottenham, in the County of Middlesex; and All Saints, West Ham and Leyton, in the County of Essex; and Three Subordinate. Offices were directed to be provided and continued*at the respective Places following 5 (that is to say), One at StratfordJe-Bow in the County of Essex, and One at Brentford, and another at Stamford Hill, in the said County of Middlesex; and Abraham Sanderson of the Parish of Stepney, in the County of Middlesex, Gentleman, was thereby nominated and appointed the*Principal Land Coal Meter for executing the Provisions of the said Act, and the Manager of the several Offices thereby directed to be provided, for the time and in the manner therein mentioned, and certain Provisions and Regulations were thereby made for preventing Frauds in the Admeasurement and Delivery of Coals within the several Parishes and Places in the said Act mentioned: And Whereas it is apprehended,

that if the Provisions of the said Act were extended to the several Parishes of All Saints Edmonton, and Saint Andrew Enfield, in the County of Middlefek; Saint Margaret Barking, Great Ilford, Little Ilford and Saint Lawrence Waltham Holy Cross, commonly called Waltham Abbey, in the County of Essex; and Saint Mary Cheshunt, in the County of Herts, they would be of great Benefit to the Inhabitants thereof*respectively : May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The Xing's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after The Principal th6 Expiration of Fourteen Days from the passing of this Act, the said Principal and Subordinate Land Coal Subordinate


2j6

Coal Meter's Offices in the fuel Act to be for certain other Parishes herein mentioned.

Provisions of 56 G. 3. c.xxi. extended to this Act for Parishes herein mentioned.

[Public Act.]

17O.3.C. 90.

38G. 3. C. 53. except as repealed, continued for ax Years, &c.

*7 G. a. c. 4a. x$G. 3. c. 81. 36 G. 3. c. 133.

*5 G. 1. c. 49-5 G. 3. c. 36. la G. 3. c. 77. subject to Alterations, fee. herein, continued for ai Years, &c.

C.i — vii. 57° GEORGII III. A.D. 1817.

Meter's Office, directed to be provided and continued by the said recited Act, shall be and be deemed and taken to be the Principal and Subordinate Land Coal Meter's Office, not only for the Places included within the Limits of the said recited Act, but also for the Parishes and Places herein after mentioned; (that is to say), the said Parishes of All Saints Edmonton and Saint Andrew Enfield, in the County of Middlesex; the said Parishes of Saint Margaret Barking, Great Ilford, Little Ilford and Saint Lawrence IValt bam Holy Croft, commonly called Waltham Abbey, in the County of Essex; and the said Parish of Saint Mary Chefbunt, in the County of Herts; and that the said Abraham Sander Jon shall be the Principal Land Coal Meter for the fame Parishes, as well as for the Parishes and Places comprised within the Limits of the said recited Act; Provided always, that in addition to the Land Coal Meter's Offices already established under the said recited Act, there shall be an Office to be situated in Edmonton or Waltham Abbey aforesaid, and another Office to be situated in Barking or Ilford aforesaid.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Expiration of Fourteen Days from the passing of this Act, all the Regulations, Provisions, Powers, Authorities, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, matters and things in the said recited Act of the Fifty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty contained, shall extend and be con ft rued to extend to the said Parishes of All Saints Edmonton, Saint Andrew Enfield\ Saint Margaret Barking, Great Ilford, Little Ilford and Saint Lawrence Waltham Holy Cross, commonly called Waltham Abbey, and Saint Mary Cheshunt, and shall operate and be in force according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, as fully and effectually to all intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if the said Parishes of All Saints Edmonton and Saint Andrew Enfield, Saint Margaret Barking, Great Ilford, Little Ilford, Saint Lawrence Waltham Holy Cross, commonly called Waltham Abbey, and Saint Mary Chefbunt, had been originally comprised within the Limits of the said Land Coal Meter's Offices appointed to be provided and continued by the said Act, or as if the fame Regulations, Provisions, Powers, Authorities, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, matters and things were particularly repeated and reenacted in the Body of this Act, and the Names of the said Parishes of All Saints Edmonton, Saint Andrew Enfield, Saint Margaret Barking, Great Ilford, Little Ilford, Saint Lawrence Waltham Holy Cross, commonly called Waltham Abbey and Saint Mary Cheshunt, were always inserted therein, and in every Oath to be taken, and Ticket delivered in pursuance thereof, together with the Names of the Parishes and Places in the (kid Act mentioned, when and as often as the fame Names shall occur, and the Title of this Act were inserted in addition to the Title of the said recited Act in all Forms appointed to be used by the said Act, in which the Title of the said recited Act is directed to be inserted.

III. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and Hull be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

Cap. ii.

An Act for paving the Footways, and for lighting and cleansing the Streets, Lanes and Public Places .within the Town and Borough of Tetbury, in the County of Gloucester, and for preventing Nuisances therein.

[17th March 1817.]

Cap. iii.

An Act for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts of the Seventeenth and Thirty-eighth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Henfield to Brighihelmfione, and from Poyningyt Common to High Cross, in the County of Su/fex; and for repealing so much of the said Acts as relates to certain Parts of the said Roads. (b) [17th Match 1817.]

[Additional Trustees. Former Tolls to cease. New Tolls granted. One Half additional Toll on Sundays.]

Cap. iv.

An Act for more effectually repairing the Roads from Coventry to Warwick, and from Coventry to Mart yds Gutter, in the County of the City of Coventry, and in the County of Warwick, (b)

[17th March 1817.]

Cap v.

An Act for repairing the Road from the Cross "Hands, on the Worcester and Oxford Turnpike Road, to Halford Bridge, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Gloucester, Warwick and Worcester. (5) [17th March 1817.]

Cap. vi.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts of His late and present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Town of Shrewsbury to Bridgnorth, and several other Roads near or adjoining thereto, in the Counties of Salop and Stafford, (r) [17th March 1817.]

[Additional Trustees.]

Cap. vii.

An Act for making better Provision for the Support and Maintenance of the Rector of the Parish of Saint Olave, in the Town and Borough of Southwark; and for providing a more convenient Rectory or Parsonage Houseforthe said Rector.^[17th March 1817.]

[Proviso for His Majesty's Right as Patron.]

14 Cap.

6. vm, ix.

57° GEORGII III.

277

Cap.

vm.

An Act for further continuing, until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, and 46 G. 3. c.cxixiii. from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Powers given by an Act of the Forty SoG. 3. 0.203. sixth Year of His present Majesty, for enabling the Commissionera acting in Execution of an Agreement made between the East India Company and the private Creditors of the Nabobs of the Carnatic, the bet- further con*33 ter to carry the fame into Effect.

[17th March 1817.] tinued.

Cap. ix.

An Act for providing a convenient House, with suitable Accommodations, for His Majesty's Judges at the.Assizes for the County of Northampton.

[29th march 1817.]

WHEREAS the Lodgings in the Town of Northampton, in which His Majesty's Judges have heretofore resided during their Attendance at the Assizes for the County of Northampton, are very inconvenient, and do not afford proper and suitable Accommodation to them during their Residence in the said Town: And Whereas the Justices of the Peace for the said County assembled at the Quarter Sessiont holden at Northampton on the Seventeenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, having duly considered the Propriety of procuring a bester Accommodation for the Judges, were of opinion that such Accommodation ought to be procured; and that there appears no Mode of procuring suitable Accommodation for them but the taking on Lease from time to time, or by purchasing, repairing or building of some House for that Purpose, and for which the Expenditure of aconsiderable Sum of Money will be necessary; But as the fame cannot be done without the Authority of Parliament, may it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted 5 and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That at the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be Juflicwat Quar-holden after the passing of this Act at Northampton in and for the said County of Northampton, and after- ter Sessions en-wards at any subsequent General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the said County, it shall and to m»ke

may be lawful for the Justices of the Peace for the said County then and there assembled, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to make from time to time such Order or Orders for taking on Lease, purchasing, so, the Judges, building, repairing, providing and furnishing, in the Town of Northampton aforesaid, any proper House, or any Piece or Pieces of Land or Hereditaments whereon a House may be built, with suitable Offices and Accommodations for the Residence of His Majesty's Judges at the Assizes for the said County, with their Officers and Attendants, and for transacting the Business usually transacted at the Lodgings of His Majesty's Judges during the Affixes, as to them the said Justices so assembled, or the major Part of them, shall from time to time appear expedient or necessary, and for paying, discharging and defraying all the Expences,

Costs and Charges of and attending the taking, purchasing or renewing of any Lease or Leases, or the purchasing, erecting, building, repairing, providing and furnishing of such House, Piece or Pieces of Lands and Hereditaments, and of effecting and carrying into Execution the several Purposes of this Act, by and out of the Public Stock or County Rates; subject to such Restrictions and Provisions as are herein after contained; and that such Order or Orders for the purchasing or building of any House for the permanent Accommodation of the said Judges may be made and carried into Execution at any time hereafter, notwithstanding any previous Order or Orders shall be made for the taking or purchasing the Lease of any House or Houses for their temporary Accommodation.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Justices of the Peace assembled at any Clerk of the General or Quarter Sessions for the said County, from time to time to order and direct such Salary or Allow- Peace to be re-ance to be paid out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act, or out of the County Rates, to the bte^?n

Clerk of the Peace for the said County of Northampton for the time being, or his Deputy, for assisting in the 9Meeurt^g Execution of this Act, or for executing any Rules, Orders or Regulations to be made in pursuance thereof, as Act shall be thought reasonable by the said Justices.

III. And for the more effectually carrying into Execution the Powers of this Act, be it further enacted, Quarter Sessioni That it shall be lawful for the said Justices assembled at any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, or may borrow the major Part of such Justices, to borrow and take up at legal or lower Interest any Sum or Sums of Money 'nhthe Money, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Seven thousand Pounds, on the Credit of the Rates to be County°Rates made, raised and assessed upon and within the said County, and by Writing under their Hands and Seals to for purposes of mortgage or assign over any such Rates to the Person or Persons who shall advance or lend such Money, or to Act. his, her or their Trustee or Trustees, as a Security for the Repayment of any Money to be advanced for the Purposes of this Act, with Interest as aforesaid; and all Persons to whom any such Mortgages or Assignments shall be made, or who shall be entitled to the Money thereby secured, shall be, in proportion to the Sums in such Securities mentioned, Creditors on the said Rates equally one with another, without any Preference in respect of the Priority of advancing such Money, or the Dates of any such Mortgages or Assignments 5 and every such Mortgage or Assignment shall be good, valid and effectual in the Law for the Purposes thereby intended; all which Mortgages or Assignments shall be in the Form or to the Effect following; (that is to say),

4 "WfE, 4. B.y one of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, and Chairman of the Court of Quarter Seffio*

4 of the Peace for the County of Northampton, holden at Northampton the

Day of, and C. D.} E. F.} G. H. and /. K.9 Four other of His Majesty's Justices of

the

278

Securities for Money to be transferable.

The Money to be expended not to exceed 7, 0001.

Expences of the

A t\.

Quarter Sessions enabled to purchase Houses and Lands for the Purposes of this Act.

Bodies Politic, tec. enabled to fell.

All Contrafts to be valid.

Trustees, &c. indemnified.

Application of Compensation

C.ix. 57° GEORGII III. A.D. 1817.

the Peace acting for the said County, and assembled in the said Court, in pursuance of the Powers to us

given by an Act; passed in the Fifty seventh Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for providing a convenient Housey with fut tabic Accommodations, for His Majesty's Judges at the Affixes for the County of Northampton, do hereby in open Court mortgage and charge all, the Rates to

be raised within the said County under the Description of County Rates, by the Laws now in being, with the Payment of the Sum of which L. M. of hath proposed

and agreed to lend, and hath now actually advanced and paid for the Purposes of the said Act; and we do

hereby confirm and establish the fame unto the said L.M. his Executors, Administrators and Assigns, for

' securing the Repayment of the said Sum of and Interest for the fame after the

Rate of for One hundred Pounds for a Year 5 and do hereby order the Treasurer of the Western Division of the said County to pay the Interest of the said Sum of

half yearly, as the same shall become due, until the Principal shall be discharged.*

IV. And be it further errafted. That it shall be lawful for the respective Persons entitled to any of the Securities to be given for Money advanced for the Purposes of this Act, and their respective Executors, Administrators or Assigns, at any time by Writing under their Hands and Seals to transfer such Securities to any Person or Persons whomsoever; and Copies of all Mortgages and Assignments which shall be made in pursuance of this Act, and Extracts or Memorials of all Transfers thereof, mall be entered in a Book to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk of the Peace for the said County; which Extracts or Memorials shall specify and contain the Dates, Names of the Parties and the Sums of Money thereby secured, to which Book any Person interested shall at all seasonable times have Access, and shall have free Liberty to inspect the same without Fee or Reward; and for the Entry of every such Transfer the said Clerk of the Peace shall be paid, by the Person to whom such Transfer shall be made, the Sum of Five Shillings and no more } and after such Entry made of any such Transfer, every such Transfer so entered shall entitle the Person to whom the same shall be made, and his, her and their respective Executors, Administrators and Assigns, to the Benefit of the Security thereby transferred.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Money to be expended in the purchasing, building, erecting, providing, fitting up and furnishing such House, Buildings, Lands, Offices, Accommodations, Furniture and Appurtenances as are by this Act directed, shall not in the whole exceed the Sum of Seven thousand Pounds: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the said Justices so assembled as aforesaid to raise any further Sum or Sums of Money, over and above the said Sum of Seven thousand Pounds, which shall be found wanting to discharge and pay all the Costs. Charges and Expences incident to and attending the obtaining and passing of this Act, together with lawful Interest for any Money which may be lent or advanced by any Person or Persons for that Purpose.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Justices so ^fsembled as aforesaid, or the major Part of them, and they are hereby authorized and empowered from time to time to treat, contract and agree with the Owners of and Persons interested in any Houses, Buildings, Lands or Hereditaments which they shall judge to be proper or necessary for the Purposes of this Act, for the Purchase or Letting thereof, and by and out of the said public Stock and County Rates of the said County to pay or cause to be paid for the Purchase of such Houses, Buildings, Lands or Hereditaments, or for a Fine on the granting or renewing the Lease or Leases thereof, such Sum or Sums of Money a6 shall be agreed upon between such Owners ana Persons interested as aforesaid and the said Justices, and also the Costs and Charges attending such Agreement and Purchase, or the granting or renewing of any such Lease or Leases as aforesaid; ana upon Payment of the Money agreed to be paid for the Purchase or Lease of any such Houses, Buildings, Lands or Hereditaments as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Justices of the Peace, or any Two or more of them, their Surveyors, Workmen or Agents, at any time thereafter, to enter upon and take Possession of the said Houses, Buildings, Lands or Hereditaments; and the same shall be conveyed or leased to the Clerk of the Peace for the said County of Northampton for the time being for the Purposes of this Act.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for all Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Tenants for Life or in Fee Tail General or Special, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, and all Husbands, Trustees or Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Guardians, Committees, and all other Trustees whomsoever, not only for and on behalf of themselves, their Heirs and Successors, but also for and on behalf of their Cejlui que Trusts, whether Infants, Issue unborn, Femes Covert, Lunatics, Idiots or other Person or Persons whomsoever, and to and for all Femes Covert who are or shall be seised, possessed of or interested in their own Right, and to and for all and every Person or Persons whomsoever who are or shall be seized, possessed of or interested m any of such Houses, Buildings, Lands or Hereditaments, to treat, contract and agree with the said Justices, or the major Part of them so assembled as aforesaid, for the Sale or Letting of such Houses, Buildings, Lands or Hereditaments, and of all or any Part of their Interest therein, or in any Part thereof, and to convey or lease the same to such Person or Persons for the Purposes of this Act, and in such manner as they the said Justices, gr the major Part of them so assembled as aforesaid, shall direct, and as Occasion shall require; and all Contrafts, Sales, Leases and Conveyances which shall be so made, shall be valid to all Intents and Purposes, any Law, Statute, Usage or other matter to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding; and all and every such Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate of Sole, Husbands, Trustees, Feoffees, Executors, Administrators, Guardians, Committees and all other Persons, shall be and are hereby indemnified for what they shall do by virtue of this Act.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed to be paid for the Purchase or Lease of any Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments purchased or leased by virtue of the Powers

13 of

A.D. 1817. 57° GEORGII III. ix. 279

of this Act for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or to when amounting

any Feoffee in Trust, Executor, Administrator, Husband, Guardian, Committee or other Trustee, for or on to or eicceding

behalf of any Infant, Lunatic, Idiot, Feme Covert or other Cestui-que Trust, or to any Person or Persons ao°*

whole Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments are limited in strict or other Settlement, or to

any other Person or Persons under any other Disability or Incapacity whatsoever, such Money shall, in case

the fame shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into

the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of

Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Justices of the Peace for the County of Northampton, to

the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court,

to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or

Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or in or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or

such other Incumbrances or Part thereof as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Houses,

Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or affecting any other Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments settled therewith to the fame or the like Uses, Trusts, Intents or Purposes $ or where such Money shall hot be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents and Purposes, and in the same manner, as the Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments which shall be so purchased or taken on Lease as aforesaid stood settled or limited, or such of them as at the time of making the Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the meantime and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shalli by Order of the said Court of Chancery, upoa Application thereto, be invested by the said Accountant General in his Name in the Purchase of/Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated, or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the meantime, and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from time to time be paid by Order of the said Court to the Person or Persons who would for the time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed to be paid for any Houses, Application Buildings, Lands, Tenements Or Hereditaments purchased or leased for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging where the Com-to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than ^aoo^and the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all el^e(js 20I such cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the time being entitled to the Rents and

Profits of the Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments so purchased, or of his, her or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank with the Privity and in the Name of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in manner hereinbefore directed 5 or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by any Two or more of the Justices of the Peace for the said County; such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties, in order that such Principal Money and the Dividends arising thereon may be applied m manner hereinbefore directed, so far as the case may be applicable, without obtaining or being required t6 obtain the Direction-or Approbation of the said Court of Chancery.

X. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That when such Money so agreed to be paid as last before men- Application tioned shall not exceed Twenty Pounds, then and in all such cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the where the Person or Persons who would for the time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Houses, Money is less Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments so purchased or leased for the Purposes of this Act, in such*an 20' manner as the said Justices, or the major Part of them so assembled as aforesaid, shall think fit 5 or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arise touching the Title of Respecting any Person or Persons to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity disputed Titles, of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of any

Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right or Interest in any Houses Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments to be purchased in pursuance thereof, or to any Bank:

Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or to the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments at the time of such Purchase, and all Person* claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to be lawfully entitled to such Houses,

Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be (hown to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Posseflioft was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

2&0

The Court may order reasonable Expences of Purchases to be paid by the Justices.

C.ix.

57° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1817.

Clerk of the Peace to give Notice to the Sheriff when the House, &c. are completed.

Purchases under this Act to be vested in the Clerk of the Peace.

jUatids or Buildings not wanted may be refold.

Allowance to Sheriff for the said House whilst used by the fudges to be paid

XII. Provided always, and be it farther enacted, That where by reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons or Corporation entitled to any Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments to be purchased or taken on Lease under the Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the said Court, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses in pursuance thereof, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order the Expences of all such lad mentioned Purchases from time to time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the Court shall deem reasonable, together with the necessary Costs and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Justices of the Peace out of the Money to be raised by virtue of this Act, who shall from time to time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That as soon as such House, Buildings and Accommodations shall have been provided and furniftied, and put into a proper State for the Reception of His Majesty's Judges as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the Clerk of the Peace for the County of Northampton for the time being, and he is hereby required, forthwith to give Notice thereof to the High Sheriff of the County of Northampton for the time being; and it shall be lawful for such Sheriff or his Under Sheriff, within Eight Days previous to any Assizes, or to any Special Commission of Oyer and Terminer for the Trial of Offenders, to be holden for the same County, to enter upon and occupy the said House, Buildings and Offices so to be appropriated for the Accommodation of His Majesty's Judges as aforesaid, and also the Furniture and Utensils in the fame, in order that he may prepare ana make ready the fame for the Reception of His Majesty's Judges as aforesaid, the Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy delivering to the said Sheriff or his Under Sheriff an Inventory or Schedule of all Furniture and Articles of Household Use appertaining to the said House and Premises, and the said Sheriff shall be accountable for the due Care and Redelivery of the fame, all reasonable Damage or Loss by Wear and Tear excepted 5 and the said High Sheriff, Under Sheriff and every Person or Persons to be employed by them or either of them, is and are hereby authorized and -empowered to require all and every Tenaut or Tenants of the said Premises, and all other Person or Persons then and there found therein, to remove and quit the fame for the Reception and Accommodation of the Judges as aforesaid, and in case of their not removing and quitting, taking to his and their Assistance a Constable or Peace Officer, to displace and remove the Person or Persons so not remo^ng or quitting, without being liable-or subject to any Action for Trespass, or any Indictment for forcible Entry, or otherwise, for so doing.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That any House, Buildings, Lands, Offices and Accommodations, and all Furniture therein so to be provided as aforesaid, with their Appurtenances, shall at all times from and after the same shall be purchased or leased, or erected, built, finished, fitted up and furniftied, be vetted, and the same are hereby declared to be vetted, in the Clerk of the Peace for the said County of Northampton for the time being, for the Purposes of this Act; and it shall be lawful for the Justices of the Peace for the said County, ?ffembied at any General or Quarter Sessions, or the major Part of them, from time to time as they shall think proper, to let any House, Building, Land, Furniture and Premises to be purchased, leased or provided under the Provisions of this Act, to any Person or Persons, from Year to Year, or for any. shorter Period, for the belt Rent that can be gotten for the fame; nevertheless reserving the Premises for the Use of His Majesty's Judges during the Assizes or any Special Commission as aforesaid, and fubied to the Power hereinbefore given to enter upon the fame Eight Days previous thereto, and also reserving Full Powers for the Payment of the Rent and Recovery thereof; and the Rent to be received for the fame, or so much thereof as may be requisite, shall be annually expended and applied, by Order of the said Justices, in defraying any Expences which may be incurred in cleaning, airing or repairing the said House, Buildings, Furniture and Premises; and in case any Surplus shall remain after such Expenditure, and after any other Payments by this Act authorized to be made, the same shall be annually paid to the Treasurer of the Western Division of the said County, and form Part of the public Stock or Fund of the said County.

XV. And Whereas it may be queefiary for effecting the Purposes of this Act to purchase more Land ' or Buildings than it may be absolutely necessary to retain for the Purposes of this Act 5 or it may be found ' expedient to surrender, sell or dispose of any Lease or Leases which may be taken or purchased under the f Provisions of this Act; Be it therefore further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Justices so assembled as aforesaid, or the major Part of them, and they are hereby empowered, from time to time to cause any such superfluous Land or Buildings, or any such Lease or Leases, to be sold and disposed of, together or in Parcels, either by public Sale or private Contract, as they shall find most advantageous and convenient, and to order the same to be conveyed, or any such Lease or Leases to be surrendered or assigned, by Indenture or Iudeqtures under the Hand and Seal of the Clerk of the Peace for the said County for the time being, to Such Person or Persons as shall be willing to contract for and purchase the fame, or to accept of such Surrender or Surrenders, or Assignment or Assignments, and to apply the Monies to arise by such Sale or Sales, or the Moqey, if any, \o arise by such Surrender or Surrenders, or Assignment or Assignments, to and for the Purposes of this Act $ but the Purchaser or Purchasers shall not be obliged to fee to the Application of such Purchase Moneys nor be accountable for the Misapplication or Nonapplication thereof, or of any Part thereofj and the Receipt and Receipts of the Treasurer of the Western Division of the said County for the time being, for all such Purchase Monies, shall be a Sufficient Discharge and Discharges to any Person or Persons for ms, her or their Purchase Monies.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That during such time as any House, Buildings and Offices to be pro-tided by virtue of this Act, shall be used for the Accommodation of His Majesty's Judges at the Assizes, or at any Special Commission as aforesaid, all and every Sum and Sums of Money allowed to the Sheriff of the said County for the time being, out of His Majesty's Exchequer, for such Lodgings and Accommoda-'tions,

A.D. 1817. 57° GEORGII III. C.ix-^xii. 281

tions, shall be paid over by the said Sheriff to the Treasurer of the Western Division of the said County for over to the the time being, to be taken and applied as Part of the public Stock of the said County collected under the Treasurer for Rates for the same County. the County

XVII. And be it further enacted, That from time to time* and at all times whenever such House, Build- How the Repairs ings, Offices or Accommodations shall require Alterations, or shall become out , of Repair, or any Furniture are to be made, thereto belonging shall become unfit for the Use of the said Judges, then and in every such case the said Juf-

tices so assembled as aforesaid, or the major Part of them, shall, as the fame may become necessary, direct the making of such Repairs and supplying of all matters, things and Furniture wanting from time to time, and the Ducharge of all Rent, Taxes and Demands upon the said House, Buildings and Hereditaments; and it shall be lawful for such Justices, or the major Part of them, and they are hereby authorized to direct that such Sum or Sums as shall be expended in the Repairs and Alterations, or Supply of such matters, things or Furniture as may from time to time become necessary as aforesaid, if the Rent of the said Premises shall not be sufficient for that Purpose, to be defrayed by the Treasurer of the Western Division of the said County for the time being out of any Money in his Hands of any County Rate, or to make any Rate for that Purpose; and the Treasurer of the said Western Division of the said County is hereby authorized and required to pay any Sum of Money so ordered by such Justices, and such Order shall be a sufficient Authority or Discharge to the said Treasurer for such Money; and that it shall be lawful for the said Justices to appoint a proper Person, with a competent Salary and Allowance, to take care of the said House, Buildings and Offices, and to have the Charge of the Furniture being in the said House; and also it shall be lawful for the said Justices to order the said House, Buildings and Offices and Furniture to be insured from Fire, and the Sum or Sums of Money so to be expended, and all Charges incident thereto, as well as any Rent payable for the said House, to be defrayed and paid out of the said County Rates, in manner aforesaid, or out of any Rents which may be received for the said House and Premises.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Clerk of the Peace for the time being for the said County may Actions, Sec. to sue and be sued for or in respect of any Claim, Contract or other matter or thing made or done, or in any be brought in the way arising under the Authority of this Act, in any Court or Courts of Law or Equity, and that no Action or Name of the Suit to be brought or commenced by or against the said Clerk of the Peace by virtue of this Act shall abate Clerk of the or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of such Clerk of the Peace, or by any Act of the said Clerk of Peicer

the Peace done without the Consent of the said Justices, but such Clerk of the Peace for the time being shall always be deemed the Plaintiff or Defendant in such Action or Suit nominally, but the same shall be earned on and defended under the Direction of the said Justices, or the major Part of them so assembled as aforesaid, and the Damages (if any) shall be levied, and also all Expences be by them defrayed in like Manner as the other Charges unde? this Act; and the said House, Buildings, Offices, Furniture and Appurtenances, and all Furniture, Articles, matters and things therein or thereunto belonging, or any Lands or Hereditaments purchased by virtue of this Act, shall in any Indictment or Indictments be laid, alleged and described to be the Property of the Xaid Clerk of the Peace for the time being, under the Style and Description of "The Clerk of the Peace " for the County of Northampton Provided always, that in all and every Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, to be brought and commenced as aforesaid, no Person or Persons whojnsoever shall be deemed incompetent to give Evidence by reason of his, her or their paying or contributing towards the public Stock of the said County, or by reason of his, her or their being charged with or liable to pay any of the public Rates of the said pounty.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be cpmmenced against any Person or Persons Limitation of for any thing done in pursuance or by virtue of this Act after Six Calendar Months next after the Fast com- Actions. mittea, or Cause of Action accrued for which such Action or Suit shall be so brought; and the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action or Suit may plead the General issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter

jn Evidence at any4Trial to be had thereupon.

[Public Act.]

XX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded,

Cap. x

An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from West Houghton to Duxbury Stocks in 33 G*3- c. 181. the County of Lancaster. (3) [29th March 1817.] "J^eWhfte

HorseinWest

Cap. xi. Houghton to

An Act for enlarging the Term and powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road.lead- Dvskuy Stocks,

ing from Toweefter to the Turnpike Road in Cotton End, in the Parish of Hardington, in the County of rePeaIe«*

Northampton.(b) [29th March 1817.]

[Additional Trustees. Former Tolls to eeafe* New Tolls granted. Additional HalfToll on Sundays.'] 317«an, kc.

Cap. xii.

An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from and out of the Turnpike Road at th* Bottom of Coalbrook Dale, in the Parish of Majesty, into the Turnpike Road leading from Shiffnal to Shrewsbury+ at or near a Place caHed Wailing Street, in the Parish of Wellington, all in the County of Salop. (3)

[29th April 1817.]

[Additional Half Toll on Sundays."]

57 Geo. III. O o Cap.

182 6Vxiil — xxiii. 57° GEORGII IIf. A.D. 1817.

Cap. xiii.

An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from the Town of Cromford to the Town of Bejper; and for making a Branch of Road From and out of the said Road near the River timber, to join the Turnpike Road at Bull Bridge, all in the County of Derby. (b) [29th April 1817.]

Cap. xiv.

An Act for lighting and watching Kentish Town in the Parish of Saint Pancras in the County of Middlefean

[23d May 1817.]

Cap. xv.

An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Stratford upon Avon Canal Navigation to raise Mont»y to discharge their Debts, and to complete the said Canal.

[23d May 1817.]

55 G. 3. c.xxxix. Cap. xvi.

17 G. 3. c. 106. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts of the Seventeenth and Thirty seventh Years of 37 G. 3. c. 160. His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Halifax to Sheffield, in the Wed Riding of the County as hereby alter- of Tori, so far as relate to the Road from Pcnistone to Sheffield* (b) [23d May 1817.]

thmedfaReG- [New TruJlect.]

due of their respective Terras, and for 21 Yean, Sec. afterwards.

33 G. 3. c. ill. 35 G. 3. c. 72. 39 G. 3* c. U. 49 G 3. c. xhi.

Cap.

An A Be to continue and amend an Act passed in the Thirty fifth Year of His present Majesty for amending, widening, altering, improving and keeping in Repair the Road leading out of the Turnpike Road between Aylesbury and Wendover, through Prince*s Rijborough, to West Wycombe, in the County of Buckingham. (r) [23d May 1817.]

[Royal Family, &c* exempted from Toll.] to Marsh and Kimblewick, and as to getting Matorials for making and repairing Road, and the rest of the said Act continued durirg ReOdueof the Term, and for ix Years, kc. afterwards.

35 G. 3. c. 149. repealed as to Exemptions from Toll for Road from Eiles-borough Church

Cap. xviii.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts passed for repairing and widening the Roadfc from the East End of Brough under Stainmoor in the County of Westmorland, by the End of Appleby Bridge, to Eamont Bridge in the said County. (£) C23^ May 1817.]

[New Trustees. Former Tolls continued until 8th July 1817, and then New Tolls. Additional Tolls on

Sundays.]

Terras in 16 G. 2. c. 67.

19 G. 3. c. 97.

41 G. 3. c. 8a. to cease, ind the rest of the said Acts continued during ReCdue of the Term, and for 21 Years, See. afterwards. '

5JG. 3. C. 96.

12 G. 3. c. 21. 34 G. 3. c. 99. recited as ex. pired.

54 G. 3. c.xxxii* repealed as to requiring Seven Trustees to be jirefent at any Meeting.

Cap. xix.

AnJVft to amend an Act of the Fifty fifth.Yeat of His present Majesty, for building a new f Church and Workhouse in the Parish of Bathwick, in the County of Somerset. f2qd May 1817.I

f [Saint Mary's.]

Cap. xx.

An Act for improving and maintaining the Harbour of Ayr, and for regulating Vessels reforfing thereto.

[, 33d May 18*7.J

[Proviso for His Majesty's Ships, Cftc* and Tachts, &c. of the Royal Family, and for 54 G. 3. c. 159.]

Cap. xxi.*- r

An Act for providing an additional Burial Ground ftfr the Parish Sculcoates in the East Ridings of the County of York.'[2$d'May 1817.]

Cap. xxii#...

An Act for amending an Act of IJis present Majesty, for rebuilding Newton Chflpel f, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

[23d MaJ 1817.]

\ I' ' y...t [All Saints* Dbapel.]

Cap. xxiji.

An Act so» fetter lighting th^ Streets and Houses of the Metropolis with Gas.

[23d May 1817.]

Y^THERjEAS several Streets and Houses in the City of London are now lighted to the Satisfaction and Advantage of the Inhabitants thereof, and the Benefit of the Public, with inflammable Air or Gas, produced from Coal, and conveyed by Means of Pipes: And Whereaj certain Persons who have carried on Business under the Firm of The City of London Gas Light and Coke Pa^tner^hip, have expended con-

fiaerable

joome

A.D. 1817. hf GEORGII III. C. xxiiL a*3

c Uderable Sums of Money in ere#ing Works and laying down Pipes in the City of London yafid have ehtetfed

into Contract* with the Commissioners of Sewers, Lamps and Pavements of the said City of London, and

several other Persons, for lighting Several Streets and public Places, and also several private Houses, with ' Inflammable Air or Gas: And Whereas the Persons carrying on the said Bufinefe are not able to raise ' Sufficient Money among themselves for completing the Works necessary for Supplying with such inflammable ' Air or Gas the Streets and Places which they have contracted or agreed to light as aforesaid: And

Whereas some of the said Persons are willing to relinquish their Shares in the said Undertaking to the«others of them, and the several other Persons herein after named, who are desirous at their own Costs and

Charges to complete and extend the said Works; but the fame cannot be effe#ed without the Aid and

Authority of Parliament May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That Company iacor-Frcder'sck Sparrow, James Lynn, Charles Cojieldy William Pitcher, Harhut Ward, William Pocltnell, James ponted. Smctburst, Charles Hutchins, Timothy Stansfeldy James Sidney, Samuel Fishy Timothy Tyrrelly Richard Ford,

John Blachet, Thomas Hadlandy Henry Sparrow, Anthony Weatherhead, James Blackety William Ktmpto$y William Fortefcuey and all and every such other Person or Persons as shall from time to time become Proprietors of the Company hereby established a9 herein after is mentioned, their respective Successors, Executors, Administrators and Assigns, shall be and are hereby united into a Company for Supplying the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Borough of Southwark, and the Liberties and Precin#s thereof respectively, with inflammable Air or Gas, and making and maintaining the Works necessary for that Purpose, under the Regulations herein after contained, and shall be one Body Corporate, by the Name of 1 The City of London

Gas Light and Coke Company/ and by that Name shall from and after the passing of this Act be and continue for and during and unto the full End and Term of Forty six Years, and have a Common Seal, and shall and may foe and be sued; and that from and after the passing of this Act it shall be lawful for the said Company to make inflammable Air or Gas, and also Coke, Oil, Tar, Pitsh, Asphaltum, Amra°niacal Liquor, and any other £rodu#s to be obtained from the Manufa#UTe of such Air or Gas, and to sell and dispose of the fame respectively in such manner as they shall think proper.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act it shall be lawful for the said Power to the Company to contract with the Commissioners of Sewers of the City of London, and any other Commissioners, Cempeny tocon* Trustees, Persons or Bodies, having the Control, Dire#ion or Management of the lighting of any of the

Parishes, or Extra Parochial Places, in the said Cities of London and Westminster, and the Borough of South- Houlta*

*uarky and the Liberties and Precin6ls thereof respectively, or any of them respectively or adjacent thereto, or any Persons, Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Aggregate or Sole, willing to contract with the said Company for the lighting of any such Parishes or Places, or any Streets, Roads, Highways, Lanes or Passages, or Manufa#ories, Shops, Warehouses or private Houses, or Places of public Exhibition within the said Parishes, or Extra Parochial Places respectively.

III. And be it further enacted, That if any Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons, Bodies Politic Power to Com-or Corporate, in whom by any Act or Acts of Parliament, or otherwise, the Care, Superintendence and Con- pany, under trol of lighting the fame public Streets or Roads, Ways, Lanes and Passage9 aforesaid, or any Part thereof,

are or shall be vested, shall think it fit and convenient to contract with the said Company to light the ^c-'oTpave-"1 said public Streets, Roads, Highways, Lanes, Passages or Places, or any Part of them, by means of such ments, to break inflammable Air or Gas as aforesaid, then and in every such case it shall be lawful for the said Company up the Pavement and their Successors, with the Approbation and under the Dire#ion of such Commissioners or Trustees, or for laying Pipes, other Persons or Bodies, and under the Inspe#ion of their Surveyor, to break up the Soil and Pavement of any such Streets, Roads, Ways, Lanes, Passages and Places, and dig and fink Trenches, and lay Pipes, and put Cocks, Syphons, Plugs or Branches from such Pipes, in such Places as aforesaid, in such manner as shall be necessary, for the Purpose of supplying any such Light as aforesaW, and from time to time with such Approbation, and under such Dire#ion and Inspection as aforesaid, to alter the Postion of, and to repair, relay, and maintain such Stop Cocks, Syphons and Plugs, and to do all such other Acts, matters and things as the said Company and their Successors, or such other Person or Persons as aforesaid shall, with such Approbation, and under such Dire#ion and Inspe#ion as aforesaid, from time to time think necessary and convenient for completing, amending, repairing, improving and using the same.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if the said Company shall not duly perform any Contract with any Power tt»Com-such Commissioners or Trustees as aforesaid, for lighting any Parish or Place, or Part of any Parish or Place, missioners, &c. then and in such case it shall be lawful for such Commissioners or Trustees to determine such Contract jj ntra&s*1 respectively, giving Six Calendar Months Notice thereof, and then and in such case, and also at the Expiration ontra s>

of any such Contract, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners or Trustees either to purchase the Pipes,

Cocks, Plugs, Branches of Pipes and other Materials belonging to the said Company, and employed in lighting such Parish or Place, at such Price as shall be agreed upon between the said Commissioners or Trustees and the said Company, or in case the said Commissioners or Trustees shall decline so to purchase, then it shall be lawful for the said Company to remove such Pipes, Cocks, Plugs, Branches and other Materials at the Expiration of such Contractor Determination thereof by such Notice; and in the meantime for such Commissioners or Trustees to lay such Pipes, Cocks, Plug9, Branches and other Articles as shall be necessary for the Supply of such Parish or Place, or Part of a Parish or Place, at the Expiration or sooner Determination of such Contract.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Company, and they are hereby folly Power to Com-autBorized and empowered, in such .cases as to them shall seem meet and convenient, to carry, fk up and pany to light up

O. o a furnish Houses, &c.

2.84

Pots*r to Company to lay Mains and to ered Machinery requisite for fectiring a competent Supply of Gas to Dwelling Houses, &c. and to alter and amend imperfect Work.

Company not to break up Pave-; ments, &c. without Consent of Commissioners or Trustees in Writing.

Proviso for Company repairing Main Pipes.

Reflridions respecting breaking up Pavements.

Notice of breaking up.

Proviso for laying down Service Pipes.

Breaking up without Notice or Consent,

[Penalty.]

Cxxiii. 57° GEORGII III. A.D. 1817.

furniffi any Pipe or Pipes, Cocks or Branches or other necessary Apparatus, from any Main Pipe laid in any Street, Way, Road, Lane, Passage or Place by the said Company, by virtue of this Act, in, to or through any Dwelling House or Houses, Manufactories, public or private Buildings, for the Purpose of lighting the fame, or any public or private Lamp from any such Main, with the Consent of the Owner or Occupier of such Dwelling House or Houses, Manufactories, public or private Buildings, but not otherwise 2 Provided always, that the said Company in carrying into Execution the Power hereby granted in respect of fitting up any such Dwelling Houses, Manufactories, public or private Buildings, shall employ or appoint such Manufacturers of or Dealers of the Materials to be used as to the said Company shall seem meet and proper 5 and such Manufacturers or Dealers shall execute the fame, under and subject to the Superintendance, Control and Direction of the said Company; : Provided also, that the said Company shall not on any Account or upon any Pretence whatever employ or let to work in fitting up any such Dwelling Houses, Manufactories, public or private Buildings, any Workman or Servant, or any other Person in the Pay or Employ of the said Company 5 nor shall the said Company themselves manufacture, fell or vend any of the Materials requisite, except Stop Cqcks and Burners, nor directly, or indirectly take or derive any Emolument, Advantage or Profit from such Works, upon Pain of forfeiting for every Offence the Sum of Fifty Pounds, with full Costs of Suit, to the Party who shall sue for the fame, to be recovered by Action of Debt, or on the Case, Bill, Plaint, Suit or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, in which no Essoign, Protection, Wager of Law nor more than One Imparlance shall be allowed.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Company shall have full Power and Authority to lay any Main requisite for the Supply of any Dwelling House or Houses, Manufactories, Warehouses, public or private Buildings, in the said Cities of London and Westminder^ and the Borough of Southward, and the Liberties and Precincts thereof respectively, or any of them respectively, or adjacent thereto, and to erect and set up, by themselves, or their Agents, Servants and Workmen, any Machine or other Apparatus necessary or requisite for securing to such Dwelling House or Houses, Manufactories, Warehouses, public or Private Buildings, a proper and competent Supply of Gas, or for measuring and ascertaining the Extent of such Supply; and also to alter or amend any bad or imperfect Work which shall have been placed in such Dwelling Houses, Manufactories, Warehouses, public or private Buildings, any thing in this Act to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding 2 Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to permit or authorize or empower the said Company, or any Officer or Person appointed or employed by the said Company, or any other Person or Persons whomsoever, at any time or times hereafter, to break or take up or remove any Stones, Ground, , Soil or Pavement in or of any Streets, Roads or public Places whatipever or wheresoever, in order to lay down any Main Pipe or Pipes to convey Gas, without the Consent of the Commissioners, Trustees or other Persons having the Superin tendance or Control or Property of or in such Stones, Ground, Soil or Pavement in or of any such Streets, Roads, or public Places, or a competent Number of them, from time to time, in Writing first obtained; but that nothing in this Clause contained shall be deemed or construed to extend to prevent the said Company from repairing such Main Pipes, after such Consent obtained as aforesaid, or from breaking or taking up or removing any Stones, Ground, Soil or Pavement, in or of any Streets, Roads or public Places whatsoever, for the Purpose of laying down or repairing any Service Pipe or Pipes leading from lueh Main Pipes, after such Consent so obtained as aforesaid.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful to or for the said Company, or any Person or Persons acting by or under their Authority, after such Consent shall have been given as aforesaid, to break or take up, or cause to be broken or taken up, any of the Pavements or Ground in any Streets, Roads, Lanes or public places, for the Purpose of making or laying down or repairing any Main or Mains of Pipes, or any Pipe or Pipes, or of altering the Postion of or repairing any Pipes, Stop Cocks, Valves or Syphons, or other Works, or for any other Purpose, unless Notice in Writing of their Intention to break or take up such Pavement or Ground, signed by the Principal Clerk or Secretary, or Inspector or Surveyor to the said Company, specifying the Street, Road, Lane or public Place, and the particular Part of such Street, Road, Lane pr public Place, in which such Pavement or Ground is intended to be broken or taken up, shall have been given to a Surveyor of the Pavements or Roads for the time being (duly appointed and notified in pursuance of any Act of Parliament now or hereafter in force for that Purpose) of the Parochial or other District or Place wherein such Street, Road, Lane or public Place, the Pavement, Ground or Soil whereof is so intended to be broken or taken up shall be situate, or shall have been left for him at his Dwelling House or Office within such Parochial or other District or Place, for the Space of Three Hours at the least before such Pavement or Ground or any Part thereof shall be so broken or taken up, except in all cases of sudden Emergency, in which such Notice as aforesaid shall be given to such Surveyor of Pavements or Roads as soon as possible after such Pavement or Ground or any Part thereof shall be broken or taken up; and that the said Company shall not break or take up or disturb, or cause to be broken or taken up or disturbed, the Pavement or.Ground in any Street, Road, Lane or public Place within the Limits aforesaid, for the Purpose of laying down any Mains or Pipes, except Service Pipes of a Diameter not exceeding One Inch in the Bore, without the Consent in Writing of the Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements or Roads, Ground or Soil, in any Parochial or other District or Place, signified under the Hand or Hands of their Clerk or Clerks, or other proper Officer or Officers, first obtained; and that if the said Company or any Person or Persons acting by or under their Authority, shall break or take up, or cause to be broken or taken up, any of such Pavement or Ground without such Notice being given or left as aforesaid (except as aforesaid), or shall break or take up or disturb, or cause to be broken, taken up or disturbed, any of such Pavement or Ground, for the Purpose of laying down any Mains or Pipes (except Service Pipes as aforesaid), without such Consent as aforesaid, then aua in every such case the said Company shall forfeit and pay to the Commissioners or Trustees,

15 or

A.D. 1817 57° GEORGII III. C. xxiii. 285

or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements or Roads within the Psyrochial or other District or

Place in which such Pavement or Ground so broken or taken up or disturbed shall be situate, or to their Treasurer, Clerk or Surveyor, or to such other Person as they may appoint, the Sum of Twenty Pounds for every

Square Foot of Pavement or Ground which shall be so broken or taken up without such Notice or Consent as

aforesaid, to be recovered, with full Cods of Suit, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster % by

Action of Debt, or on the Case, Bill, Plaint, Suit or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, Wager of

Law or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed: Provided always, that the said Company shall not be One Penalty, «tc.

subject or liable to the Payment of more than One Penalty, or to more than One Action, Suit or other Pro- only for One

ceeding in respect of any One Offence committed, whether by virtue of this Act or any other Act or Acts of offeDce*

Parliament now or hereafter in force, any Law, Statute, Usage or Custom to the contrary thereof in anywise

notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever and so often as the said Company shall have lawfully RequiringCom-broken up or removed the Stones, Ground, Soil or Pavement, in or of any Street, Road, Highway, Lane pany to reinstate or public Place, or any Part thereof, the said Company shall and they are hereby required immediately there- Pavements, &c. after to reinstate and make good such Ground, Soil or Pavement, in as good found State and Condition as

the fame was or were in at the time of being so broken up, to the Satisfaction of the Surveyor of the Com- down.

missioners or Trustees of such Pavement, Soil or Ground respectively 5 and the said Company shall carry

away all surplus Earth, Filth and Rubbish occasioned thereby at their own Costs and Charges; and that

during the Works of the said Company, and reinstating such Ground, Soil or Pavement as aforesaid, the said Company shall provide proper Watchmen with necessary Lamps, and otherwise secure and guard the said Company to

Works, so as to prevent any Damage or Inconvenience happening to Passengers, Cattle or Carriages; and guard the Works,

in case the said Company shall neglect and make Default in making good and reinstating such Ground, Soil ua*

or Pavement as aforesaid, within Twenty four Hours next after Notice given to or left for the said Company cg

at their House or Office, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners or Trustees to reinstate and make good Procee , Dg,

such Ground, Soil or Pavement, and the Charges and Expences thereof shall be reimbursed and repaid by the said Company or their Treasurer to the said Commissioners or Trustees or their respective Treasurer; and

in Default of Payment thereof within Seven Days next after Demand thereof in Writing shall have been

made by the Clerk of the said Commissioners or Trustees, Proof of such Demand being made by the Oath

of One credible Witness before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace, all such Sum or Sums of

Money so paid by them shall and may be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels

of the said Company, together with the Charges of such Distress and Sale, by Warrant under the Hand and

Seal or Hands and Seals of any such Justice or Justices of the Peace as aforesaid, and which Warrant such

Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered to grant, and such Sum or Sums of Money shall be paid to

the said Commissioners or Trustees, or their Treasurer.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if it shall at any time or times be deemed necessary or expedient by Company to the Commissioners of Sewers of the City of London or Westminster, or the Commissioners or Trustees for ak«>&c; P»ps« paving or repairing the said Streets, Roads, Ways, Lanes and Passages respectively, to require the said

Company to raise, (ink or otherwise alter the Situation of any of the Pipes, Stop Cocks, Plugs or ommi ontn* Branches, which shall be laid down for the Purposes aforesaid, the said Company shall at their own Expence,

within Three Calendar Months next after being required so to do, by Notice in Writing to them given by the said Commissioners or Trustees respectively, signed by their Clerk, raise, (ink or alter such Pipes, Stop

Cocks, Plugs or Branches, according to such Notice, in such Manner and in such Place or Place* as the said Commissioners 01 Trustees respectively shall think right and proper 5 and in Default thereof it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners or Trustees or their Surveyor, or any other Person or Persons acting by

their Order or under their Authority, to cause such Pipes, Cocks, Plugs or Branches to be raised, funK or

altered, and that the reasonable Costs and Charges for doing the same shall immediately thereafter be paid by the said Company: Provided r.evertheless, that if such reasonable Costs and Charges be not paid within One If the Costs not

Calendar Month next after Demand shall be made by such Surveyor or other Person acting by or under the PaW " herein

Authority of the said Commissioners or Trustees at the Office of the said Company, Proot of such Demand mentioned»

being made by the Oath of One credible Witness, before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace, all such reasonable Costs and Charges shall and may be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods Proceedings.

and Chattels of the said Company, together with the Charges of such Distress and Sale, by Warrant under

the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals of any such Justice or Justices of the Peace as aforesaid; and'

which Warrant such Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered to grant; and such Costs and Charges

shall be paid to the said Commissioners or Trustees, or their Treasurer.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if by the raising, (inking or altering any of the said In whal caf« Pipes, Cocks, Syphons, Plugs or Branches, any Damage or Injury shall be wilfully or negligently done to ^ade^ood b* the fame by the said Commissioners, Trustees or their Servants, then and in every such case such Damage or Commissioners. Injury shall be made good as soon as Circumstances permit, and the Costs, Charges and Expences thereof,

shall be paid by the said Commissioners or Trustees.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Company shall upon due and reason- Compiny to light

able Application made to them for that Purpose on the behalf of any Parish or Parishes, or Parts of any °*1 Ap-

Parish or Parishes, or Extra Parochial Place or Places within the Cities of London and Westminster aforesaid, feyondnt, heUt^the Borough of Southwark, Suburbs, Precincts and Liberties of the fame Cities, undertake to furnish, and Extent of their shall furniffi such Parish or Parishes, or such Parts of any Parish or Parishes respectively with a sufficient Capital Supply of inflammable Air for the Purposes of lighting the said Parish or Parishes, or Part or Parts thereof

with a stronger and better Light, and at a cheaper and lower Price, all Expences included, than such Parish

or

3 8 6 xxiii.

57° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1817',

Term of Con-tract.

Contrails wiih Parishes void if the Price for Gas be greater than Oil.

Powers of supplying inflammable Air limited to London, Westminster, Southwark, &c.

Company not to traffic in Machinery for conveying Gas to private Houses.

Report of Works, See. to be lent to the Secretary of State for the Home Department Half Yearly, or when required.

Stations and Works to be open at all times to the InspelHon of Persons appointed by the Secretary of State.

Laying Pipes of Communication u ith Pipes of the Company, Penalty.

Damaging, &c. Pipes, Sec.

[Penalty.]

or Parities, or Part or Part3 of Parishes could be supplied with if lighted in the usual manner during the Exlstence of the Contract which they may enter into with the said Company: Provided also, that nothing herein contained shall extend to compel or require the said Company to expend any greater Sum or Sums of Money for the Purposes mentioned in this Act than the Members of the said Company shall have raised under the Powers granted by this Act for the Purposes of the said Undertaking, nor to contract with any such Parish or Parishes, or Place or Places, for a less Term than Fourteen Years, but at the Option of the said Company.

XII. And be it further enacted, That every Contrast or Agreement entered into by any Parish or Parishes, or Parts of Parishes, with the said Company, shall contain a Clause providing that the said Contract shall be null and void if at any time the Price charged for inflammable Air used in lighting the Parish shall be greater than what at the time such Parish may be lighted for in the usual manner with Oil, for a Period not less than Twelve Months, by any Contractor offering due Security for the Performance of his Contrail.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Company shall not under any Pretence' or Pretences, or by any Ways or Means, contrail to supply, or shall be permitted to supply with such inflammable Air as aforesaid, for the Purposes aforesaid, any Parish or Parishes, or any Part or Parts of Parishes that shall not lie or be situate within the .Cities of London or Westminster, or one of them, or the Borough of Southwarht or the Suburbs, Liberties or Pnecinlts of the said Cities or Borough respectively or adjacent thereto.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Company shall not by any Ways or Means, or under any Pretence or Pretences, contrail to fell and furnish, or shall fell or furnish any Stove, or Pipe or Pipes, or Apparatus or Machinery of any Description whatever, for the Purpose of conveying or whereby such inflammable Air as aforesaid, or any Quantity thereof, may be conveyed into any Dwelling House or Houses, Manufactories, public or private Buildings, for the Puqpose of lighting the same.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the Committee of Management of the said Company shall and they are hereby required within One Calendar Month after every Half Yearly General Meeting of the said Company, or ofteuer if required by the Right Honourable the Secretary of State for the Home Department for the time being, to transmit to the said Secretary of State, a Report in Writing signed by the Chairman or Deputy Chairman, or One of the Members of the said Committee of Management, of the State of the said Company, and of their Works and the Means possessed by the said Company for securing the Continuance of their Operations, and such other matters relating to the Works and Proceedings of the said Company, as the said Secretary of State shall from time to time require.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That all the Stations and Works of the said Company shall be open at all convenient times for the Inspection and Examination of such Person or Persons as the said Secretary of £tate for the Home Department for the time being shall appoint from time to time for that Purpose; and the said Company shall, and they are hereby required to conform to such Regulations and Proceedings in the several Parts of their Works and Operations, aa well in respect of those already erected or executed as of such as shall hereafter be erected and executed, as the said Secretary of State shall consider necessary and proper and shall direct to be adopted for the better and more effectually lighting the fev£ral Parts of the Metropolis, and the Suburbs, Liberties and Precincts thereof, where the Mains and Pipes of the said Company shall lie, and for more effectually securing a proper and permanent Supply of Gas for lighting the public Lamp* therein, and for assisting and advancing the benefits to be derived from an active and efficient Police, and for such other Purposes as to the said Secretary of State shall seem meet and proper for the Advantage of the Public.

XVII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That no Person shall lay or cause to be laid any Pipe to communicate with any Pipe belonging to the said Company, on Pain of forfeiting the Sum of Twenty Pounds, and also the further Sum of Twenty Shillings a Day for every Day such Pipe shall so re* main; to be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, City, Town, Place, Division or District where the said Offence shall be committed, and which Warrant such Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered to grant 5 and the Surplus after such Penalty or Forfeiture, and the Charges of such Distress and Sale are deduced, shall be returned upon Demand to the Owner of such Goods and Chattels; and in case sufficient Distress cannot be found, or such Forfeiture shall not be forthwith paid, it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol of the said CouDty, City, Town, Place, Division or District, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for such time as such Justice or Justices shall direct, not exceeding Three Caleudar Months, unless such Forfeiture and all reasonable Charges be sooner paid and satisfied.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall wilfully and maliciously remove, take away, destroy, damage or injure any or any Part of any Pipe, Poll, Plug, Lamp or other Apparatus, matter or thing a&nally in use during the Existence of any Contract with any Parish or Parishes for the Purpose of fulfilling such Contra&, or shall wilfully and maliciously waste or improperly use any of the inflammable Air or Gas supplied by the said Company, every Person so offending in any of the respective Premises, and being; thereof lawfully convicted, on the Oath of One credible Witness, before One or more Justice or Justices for the County, City, Town, Place, Division or Diitri&, where the said Offences shall be committed, shall forfeit and pay to the aforesaid Company and their Successors, or such other Person or Persons as aforesaid. Three times the Amount of th^ Damage proved upon Oath to be done, at the Discretion of such Justice or Justices j such Penalty, together with reasonable Costs, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the G«ods and Chattels of such Offender, returning the Overplus (if any) 5 or such Offender shall and may be committed

11 to

A.D. 1817. 57° GEORGII III. C'xxiii.

to the Common Gaot of the said Coudty, City, Town, Place, Division or Ditlrift, for any time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, at the Discretion of the vJustice or Justices before whom such Offender shall be committed.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act it shall be lawful for the said Company to purchase and hold to them and their Successors, the Buildings, Ground, Works and Estates belonging to the said City of London Gas Light and Coke Partperffiip, of and from the Persons entitled thereto, and also from time to time to purchase and hold to them and their Successors and Assigns any Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments situate in the said Cities of London and Westminster and the Borough of Southwark, and the Liberties and Precincts thereof respectively, or any of them respectively, or adjacent thereto, (the Annual Value of such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments at the time of such Purchase, not exceeding the Sum of One thousand five hundred Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain^) and also to sell and dispose of the said Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, or any of them, as they shall think proper, and purchase and hold other Houses, Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, (not exceeding the Annual Value aforesaid, ) without incurring any of the Penalties or Forfeitures of the; Statutes of Mortmain.

XX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Company to raise and contribute among, themselves a Sum of Money, by way of Capital or Joint Stock, to be applied and used in establishing and carrying on the Undertaking and the Purposes aforesaid, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Two hundred thousand Pounds, to be subscribed in Shares of One hundred Pounds each.

XXI. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That the said Company shall not be authorized to exercise any of the Power granted under this Act, until such time as the Sum of One hundred thousand Pounds shall have been subscribed.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That in order to provide a sufficient Sum of Money for answering the Purposes of this Act, the said Company shall be obliged to raise among themselves* by Subscription, the full Sum of Two hundred thousand Pounds within the Period of Five Years from the pafungof this Act.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Persons and Person, by or for whom any Subscription shall be made or accepted, or arty Payment made pursuant to the Orders of any General Meeting or Meetings to be held as Hereinafter is mentioned, for or towards the raising the said Capital Sum of Twq hundred thousand Pounds as aforesaid, his, her or their Executors, Administrators and Assigns respectively, shall have and be entitled to a Share of and in the said Capital Joint Stock of the said Company, in proportion to the Monies to which he, she or they shall have so contributed towards making up the fame, and to a proportional Share, of the Profits and Advantages attending the Capital Stock of the said Company, and shall be admitted to be a Member or Members of the same.

XXIV. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That the several Members of the said Company shall respectively stand responsible and answerable for all just Debts and Demands of the Creditors of the said Company, to the full Amount of their several and respective Shares in the Capital of the said Joint Stock, but shall not be any further or otherwise liable, either, personally or in their several and respective Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Goods, Chattels or Effectq, for any Undertakings, Engagements, Contra6h or Agreements entered into by the said Company, or be subject or liable, by reason of his or their being Members of the said Company, or of any Acts of the said Company, to the Statutes respecting Bankrupts, or any of them.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the said Sum of Two hundred thousand Pounds shall be divided into Shares of One hundred Pounds Sterling each, and that no Person or Persons shall be a Subscriber or Subscribers for a less Sum than One hundred Pounds Sterling; and that all Shares in the Joint Stock and undertaking of the said Company, and in the Net Profits and Advantages thereof, shall be deemed Personal Estate, and not of the Nature of Real Estate, and shall be transmissible accordingly.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Company shall not borrow or take up by Way of Loan any Sum or Sums of Money whatsoever, other than by a Subscription for Shares in manner and to the Extent hereinbefore directed.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That there shall be elected from time to time, as herein after is mentioned, from among the Members of the said Company who shall have subscribed for or be possessed of at least Fifteen Shares in the Joint Stock of the said Company, Five Persons, who shall and are hereby declared to be the Committee of Management for managing the Affairs of the said Company, and One of such Committee shall afterwards be elected the Chairman of the said Company, and another of them the Deputy Chairman of the said Company; and that no Person who shall not be possessed of Fifteen Shares in the Joint Stock of the said Company at the time of the passing of this Act, shall be eligible to be One of such Committee until he shall have continued possessed of Fifteen such Shares for the Space of Three Calendar Months; and that no Person who shall be a Member of the said Committee shall be a Dealer, either directly or indirectly, in any of the Articles manufactured and fold or ftipplied by the said Company, or shall hold any other Office or Place of Profit under the said Company.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person being a Member of the said Committee shall directly or indirectly be interested or concerned in doing any Work for or on the behalf of the said Company, or supplying any Materials, Articles or Things to or for the Use of the said Company, every such Person shall immediately ceale to be a Member of the said Committee, and shall never afterwards be re-J eligible; and every such Person shall also, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the fame, to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster} by Action of Debt* Bill* Plaint or Information* to be commenced within Six Calen*

2 87.

Power to the

Company to purchase Landj, 6tc.

Amount of Annual Value.

Capital of Company not to exceed 2|p, ooool.

Company not to alt until 100, 000l. subscribed.

Capital to be raised within Five Years. Subscribers to share in the Joint Stock in proportion to their Subscription.

Subscribers liable to the Debts of the Company in, proportion to their Share in the Stock.

Stock divided into Shares of iccL each, and to be Personal Eibte.

How far Company may borrow Money.

Officers of the Company.

No Member to be»Dealer m Articles manu-lattured, Stc. by the Company, or hold an Office of Profit.

Persons interested in working, &c. for the Company, not eligible on the Com niittee.

Regulations of the Company as to General Meetings.

What Number of Shares entitled to vote.

No Persona interested, other than as SubscriberSjto vote.

Shares (landing in the Names of spore than One Person, the Person whose Name stands first shall for all the Purposes of this Act be deemed the Owner.

Empowering Proprietors of Shares to vote by Proxy.

Form of Appointment of proxies.

Regulations of EUAiou of Chairman, General Meet-pp, &c.

C. xxiii. 57° GEORGII III. A.D. 1817.

dar Months next after the Offence committed, in which Action or Suit respectively no Protection, Essoign or "Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That the Affairs and Concerns of the said Company shall be conduced and managed under and subject to the several Rules, Regulations and Restrictions herein after contained; (that is to say, ) the Members of the said Company shall assemble together at Eleven o'Clock in the Forenoon on the Seventh Day next after the passing of this Act, and shall assemble at such other times and Places as they shall be duly convened in manner hereafter mentioned; and every such Assembly shall be styled a General Meeting; and Two such Meetings shall be held in every Year, on the Third Wednesday in the Month of January, and the Third Wednesday in the Month of July, which shall be styled Half Yearly General Meetings $ and that a Special General Meeting may be called at any time by the Committee of Managers 5 and that Five or more Members of the said Company, holding in the Aggregate Fifty Shares or upwards in the said Joint Stock, may at any time, by Writing under their Hands left at the Office of the said Company, require the Committe of Management to call a Special General Meeting, so as such Requisition fully express the Object for which such Meeting is required to be called; and in case of the Neglect or Refusal of the said Committee to call such Meeting, the fame may be called by the said Members, as herein after is expressed 5 and that every General Meeting may be adjourned from time to time, and from Place to Place, as shall be found expedient 5 and that at lealr Six Days previous Notice of every General Meeting, and Three Days previous Notice of every Adjournment of any General Meeting, shall be given by Advertisement in Two or more of the London Newspapers.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That no Member of the said Company shall be entitled to be present or to vote at any General Meeting or Adjournment thereof, unless he shall have subscribed for at least Three Shares in the Joint Stock of the said Company at the time of the passing of this Act, or unless he shall after- wards have been entitled to or continued possessed of at least Three Shares in the said Joint Stock for at least Three Calendar Months before such Meeting; and that such Members of the said Company shall have a Vote or Votes at such General Meetings in proportion to the Number of Shares held by them respectively, as herein after is mentioned; (that is to say, ) For Three Shares and less than Seven Shares, One Vote; for Seven Shares and less than Twelve Shares, Two Votes 5 for Twelve Shares and less than Twenty Shares, Three Votes; for Twenty Shares and less than Thirty Shares, Four Votes; anti for Thirty Shares or upwards, Five Votes 5 but no Person or Persons shall be entitled to vote in respect of any Share or Shares after a Day appointed for Payment of any Instalment thereof to be called for as herein after is mentioned, until such Instalment or Call shall have been paid; and that no Person or Persons shall vote at any General Meeting, upon any Question or Questions relating to the Concerns of the said Undertaking in which such Person or Persons shall be anywise interested, other than as a Subscriber or Subscribers, Proprietor or Proprietors, to or of the said Undertaking.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That when any Share or Shares in the said Joint Stock shall be the Property of more than One Person, the Owner or Proprietor whose Name shall have been entered first in Order on the Books of the said Company shall, for all the Purposes of the said Company, be deemed and taken to be the Owner or Proprietor of such Share or Shares; and all Notices required to be given to the Owner or Proprietor of any Share or Shares in the said Company shall and may be given to or served upon such Person whose Name shall so stand first in Order in the Books of the said Company, and such Service upon such Person shall be deemed and taken to be a Service upon all the Owners or Proprietors of such Share or Shares, for all the Purposes for which such Service is intended to be made upon the Owner or Proprietor of any Share or Shares, and such Person shall be entitled to any Vote or Votes which may be given in respect of such Shares.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That any Female, Infant or other Proprietor of Three or more Shares in the said Joint Stock, entitled to vote in respect of such Shares at any General Meeting of the said Company* shall have full Power and Authority to give his or her Vote or Votes at such General Meetings as aforesaid* either in Person or by Proxy, every such Proxy being a Member of the said Company entitled to vote: Provided nevertheless, that no Person shall deliver in Proxies for more than Three Members 5 and the Appointment of such Proxies may be made in the Form following 5 videlicet,

I A.B. of One of the Proprietors of and in the City of London Gas Light

x and Coke Company, do hereby nominate, constitute and appoint C.D. of

f to be my Proxy, in my Name apd in my Absence to vote or give my Assen£ to or Dissent from any Business,

matter or thing relating to the said Undertaking, that shall be mentioned or proposed at any General Meet-

f ing of the said Company, in such manner as he the said C.D. shall think proper, according to his Opinion < and Judgment, fojrtbe Benefit of the said Undertaking, or any thing relating thereto. In Witness whereof; I have hereunto set my Hand, the'J)ay of

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That at the First General Meeting, to be held on the Seventh Day next after the passing of this Act, and any Adjournment or Adjournments thereof, a Chairman shall be elected by the Members present 5 and that at every subsequent General Meeting (he Chair shall be taken by the Chairman of the said Company, or in his Absence by the Deputy Chairman of the said .Company, and in their Absence by a Member to be elected by the Members present 5 and that at every such General Meeting all Questions shall be decided by a Majority of Votes of the bjembers and Proxies present* and not declining to vote, according to their respective Number of Votes; and upon any Difference of Opinion any Member may require such Votes to be taken by Ballot, but no Ballot shall be kept open more than One Hour; and that such Member as shall be in the Chair shall be entitled to vote, and shall also have a casting Vote in case the Number of Votes shall be equal j and the Orders and Proceedings of every peueral Meeting shall be entered by the Secretary or Clerk in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose.

A.D. 1817. 57° GEORG'II III. C. xxiii. 289

pose, and shall be sighed by the Chairman; and such Orders and Proceedings so entered and signed shall be allowed to be read in Evidence in all Courts and Places whatsoever; and thsfc no Business shall be transacted at any Special General Meeting besides the Business for which it shall have been called, and no other Business shall be transacted at any Adjourned Special General Meeting than the Business left unfinished at the Meeting from which such Adjournment took place; and if at any Special or General Meeting Seven Members entitled to vote shall not assemble and proceed to Business in One Hour from the time appointed for such Meeting, or if that Number be not present when the Whole or any Part of the Business to be transacted shall be decided upon, the Meeting shall adjourn to the same Day in the following Week, or some other Day to be appointed by the Committee of Management.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That at the First General Meeting to be holden on the Seventh Day Election of First

next after the passing of this Act, or some Adjournment thereof, the First Committee of Management of the Chairman, De-said Company, and the First Chairman and Deputy Chairman of the said Company, shall be elected. puty Chairman

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That at the Half Yearly General Meeting to be held in January in

every Year, or some Adjournment thereof, Two Members of the Company, qualified as aforesaid, who shall Meeting in* " have been Members of the Committee elected in the preceding Year, shall be reele&ed Members of the January to elo<l Committee of Management, and as soon as such Election shall have been made, Three other Members of the Two Manager!, said Company, qualified as aforesaid, shall be elected Members of the said Committee, and after such Com- lhe Chairman mittee shall have been elected, Two of the Members thereof shall be elected Chairman and Deputy Chairman chairman* of the said Company for the ensuing Year; but all the Members of the said Committee, and the Chairman and Deputy Chairman, elected in the preceding Year, shall be immediately reeligible; and after such Elec-

tiont as aforesaid shall have taken place, the said Officers respectively, who shall not be reele&ed, shall respectively go out of their respective Offices.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That any Chairman, Deputy Chairman or other Member of the The Gfllre* may said Committee of Management, may at any time be removed from his respective Office by a General Meeting* vacated, and specially called for that Purpose; and any Chairman, Deputy Chairman or other Member of the said Committee, may at any time vacate his Office, by fending his Resignation in Writing to the Office of the said Meetings.

Company; and in case any Chairman, Deputy Chairman or other Member of the said Committee shall, during the Continuance of his respective Office, by Transfer, Forfeiture or otherwise, reduce the Number of Shares in the said Joint Stock held by him respectively below the Number of Fifteen Shares, or shall otherwise become disqualified to be a Member of the said Committee, then and in every such case the Office of such Chairman, Deputy Chairman or other Member of the said Committee, shall instantly determine and become vacant; and that every Vacancy in the Offices of Chairman, Deputy Chairman and Members of the Committee, by Death, Removal, Resignation or becoming ineligible or unqualified as aforesaid, shall be filled up at a Special General Meeting to be called for that Purpose, within Fourteen Days next after such Office respectively shall become vacant 5 and every Person who, in consequence of a Vacancy occasioned by any other Cause th^n that of going out of Office according to the Rotation aforesaid, shall be appointed Chairman, Deputy Chairman or a Member of the said Committee, shall be deemed only a Substitute for the Person whose Place he shall supply, and shall continue in Office upon the fame Terms and only for the same Period as the Person whose Place he shall supply would have continued, if his Office had not been vacated before the time at which hemuft necessarily have gone out of Office.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the General Meeting shall from time to time elect some Per- General Meetson to be Treasurer of the said Company, and it shall not be necessary that such Person be a Member of the 5?* teeWt4 said Company 5 and any General Meeting may from time to time dismiss, remove or suspend such Treasurer rca urtr* from time to time as they shall think fk; and the first Treasurer shall bi elected at the First General Meeting to be holden on the Seventh Day next after the passing of thra Act, or some Adjournment thereof.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That any General Meeting, or General Meeting specially called General Meet-for that Purpose, shall have full Power to call for, and examine and settle the Accounts of the said Company; to tod* Ac-and that at every Half Yearly General Meeting, or some Adjournment thereof, an Half Yearly Dividend or «un?* Dividends shall be made out of the Interest, Profits or Advantages of the said Undertaking, unless such ^declare*"* Meeting shall declare otherwise 5 and such Dividend or Dividends shall be at and after the Rate of so muqh Dividends.

for every One Hundred Pounds upon all and every the Sum and Sums of Money paid to the said Company by the Members thereof, their Executors, Administrators, Successors or Assigns, as such Meeting or Meetings shall think fit to appoint and determine: Provided that no Dividend shall be made or paid for until after the Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds shall have been subscribed for towards the Capital or Joint Stock of the said Company; and that no Dividend shall be paid in respect of any Share or Shares after a Day appointed for Payment of any Call for Money in respect thereof, until such Call shall have been paid: Provided also, that no Dividend shall be made whereby the Capital of the said Company shall be in any Degree reduced or impaired $ and that the Chairman, Deputy Chairman and Committee of Management, who shall make such Dividends, shall be personally responsible to the Proprietors, and also to the Creditors of the said Company, for any Injury which may arise therefrom.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That any Half Yearly General Meeting, or Special General Meeting Half Yearly or to be called for that Purpose, or Adjournment thereof respectively, shall have full Power to make such Call Sp*cl41 Gen€ral or Calls for Money from the several Subscribers and Proprietors of the said Undertaking, their Executors, ^CalllTon Administrators, Successors and Assigns, as such Meeting shall from time to time find wanting and necessary Subscribers. for the Purposes of the Undertaking, so that no one such Call do exceed the Sum of Twenty Pound* for or

in respect of any one Share of One hundred Pounds, and so that no Call or Calls be made but at the Distance of One Calendar Month at lead from another; and that the Sum or several Sums of Money so to be 57 Geo. III. P p called

290 xxiii.

57° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1817.

P»wer of General Meetings to make Bye Laws,

and

Penalties.

Bye Laws not to be repugnant to the Laws of England.

Regulations concerning Meetings of the' Committee.

Questions decided by Majority.

Powers and Duties Of Committee as to calling General Meeting.

Special Meetings of the Company may be convened by Members on Neglect of Committee.

Power to the Committee to appoint Clerks, &c.

General Powers of Committee,

*c.

called for shall be paid into the Hands of the Treasurer to the said Company, and that the said several Sums of Money so called for shall be paid at such Time and Place as shall be appointed by such General Meeting, of which time and Place Thirty Days previous Notice at leaf! shall be given in Two or more of the Daily London Newspapers.

XL. And be it further enacted, That the General Meetings shall have full Power to superintend, regulate and control all the Affairs and Concerns of the said Company, and shall have full Power and Authority from time to time to make such Rules, Orders and Bye Laws as to them shall seem meet and proper for the good Government of the said Undertaking, and for regulating the Proceedings of the Committee of Management, and for the Management of the said Undertaking in all respeAs whatsoever, and from time to time to alter and repeal such Rules, Orders and Bye Laws, or any of them, and to make others, and impose and inAi& such reasonable Fines and Forfeitures upon all Persons offending against such, Rules, Orders and Bye Laws, or any of them, not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds for any one Offence, as to the said General Meeting shall seem meet and expedient; and all Rules, Orders and Bye Laws so made as aforesaid, being reduced into Writing, and the Common Seal of the said Company thereto affixed, shall be printed, and be binding upon all Persons, and shall be sufficient in any Court of Law or Equity to justify all Persona who shall act under the fame: Provided always, that such Rules, Orders and Bye Laws be not repugnant to the Laws of that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called England, or any of the express Directions or Provisions of this Act: Provided also, that all such Rules, Orders and Bye Laws shall be subject to Appeal in manner by this Act directed.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That the Committee of Management of the said Company shall meet together at the Office of the said Company one Day in every Week at the least, and at such other times as they shall think proper; and any Two of the said Committee may at any time call a Meeting of the said Committee, by Notice in Writing sent to the .Residence of every Member of the said Committee, when they shall think fit; but no Business shall be transacted at any Meeting of the said Committee, unless Three Members be present when such Business shall be decided upon; and that the Chair shall he taken at every Committee by the Chairman, or in his Absence by the Deputy Chairman, or in their Absence by a Member to be chosen by the Members present; and that all Questions, matters and things which shall be proposed, difeuffed or considered by them, shall be decided and determined by the Majority in Number of the Members then present 5 and in case of an equal Division, the Member for the time being in the Chair shall have the calling Vote, besides his own Vote; and that if, on the Day appointed for any Meeting of the said Committee, Three Members shall not attend, that then and in every such case the Meeting shall be adjourned to the next Day by the Members or Member then present, or if none be present, by the Secretary or Clerk to the said Company, or such other Person as shall attend in his Place; and the Proceedings of every Committee shall be entered in a Book to be kept by the Secretary or Clerk for that Purpose, and signed by the Person in the Chair.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That the Committee of Management shall and may call a Special General Meeting of the said Company for any Purpose they may think proper, and shall appoint the time and Place of holding every General Meeting, and shall give at least Six Days' Notice of etery General Meeting by Advertisement in Two or more of the London Newspapers, and shall give Three Days such Notice of every Adjourned General Meeting, and such Notice shall be given for every Special Meeting which shall be required to be held by Five or more Members holding in the aggregate Fifty Shares or upwards, within Six Days next after such Requisition shall have been given, and shall cause a Special General Meeting to be called within Fourteen Days next after any Vacancy shall happen in the Offices of Chairman, Deputy Chairman or Member of the Committee, and shall cause to be expressed in the Notices of every Special and Adjourned General Meeting the Obje As for which such Meetings respectively are to be held.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Committee of Management for the time being shall refuse or neglect for the Space of Six Days to comply with any such Requisition, then and in such case it shall be lawful for the Members who shall have signed the same to call a Special Meeting of the Company by Advertisement in Two or more of the London Newspapers, specifying the Place where and the time when such Meeting is to be held, the time not being less than Six Days after such Notice^ and the Place somewhere in the said City of London, and likewise specifying in such Notice the Reason for and Intention of calling such Special Meeting 5 and the Members are hereby authorized to meet pursuant to such Notice, and take into Consideration the Matter or Matters to be submitted to them by the Persons calling such Special Meeting, and specified in such Notice 5 and the Decision and Determination of the Proprietors present at such Meeting, or the major Part of them, according to the Number of Votes they shall have a Right to give respecting such matter or matters, shall be as valid to all Intents and Purposes as if the fame had been made at a General Meeting of the said Company of Proprietors.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That the Committee of Management shall appoint all the Clerks, Officers, Servants and Workmen, and Tradesmen of the said Company, and dismiss, remove and suspend them as they shall think fit, and may require such Security from the Clerks and Officers, and also from the Treasurer for the time being of the said Company, as they shall think necessary.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That the Committee of Management for the time being shall have the Custody of the Common Seal of the said Company, and shall have Power and Authority to direct the Affairs and Business of the said Undertaking, as well in issuing, receiving and laying out and disposing of all Sums of Money to be issued or received, laid out or disposed or, for the Purposes of the fame, a9 in contraAing for and purchasing Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Materials, Goods and Chattels for the Use of the said Undertaking, and entering into ContraAe for the Lighting of any such Parishes, Places, Streets, Roads,

13 Ways,

57° GEORGII III. C. xxiii.

291

Way*, Houses or Buildings as aforesaid, and in ordering, directing and employing the Works and Workmen, and in felling and disposing of all Articles produced from such Manufacture of Air or Gas as aforesaid, and in making all Contracts or Bargains touching or in anywise concerning the same, subject to such Orders, Bye Laws, Rules and Regulations as shall at any time be duly made by the said Company in Restraint, Control or Regulation of the Powers and Authorities by this Act granted.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That the Treasurer or Treasurers, or other Officer or Officers to be ap- Treasurer not to pointed by the said Company, shall not issue any Sum or Sums of Money on account of the said Company I, ^, e Money without an Order or Orders in Writing signed by Three or more Members of the said Committee 5 and that Order fi^ed b the Receipts of the said Treasurer, for all Montes payable to him on account of the said Company, shall be Tu* oftL*effectual Discharges for the fame. Committee.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That the several Persons who have subscribed, or who shall hereafter To compel subscribe or advance any Money for and towards carrying on the Works hereby authorized to be made, shall Payment of and they are hereby required to pay the Sum or Sums of Money by them respectively subscribed, or such Subscriptions. Parts or Portions thereof as shall from time to time be called for by any General Meeting, under and by virtue of the Powers and Directtons of this ACfc, at such times and Places as shall be directed by a General Meeting in manner before mentioned; and in case any Person or Persons shall negleCf or refuse to pay the same at the time and in the manner required for that Purpose, it shall be lawful for the said Company to sue for and recover the fame in any Court of Law or Equity.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Subscriber or Proprietor of any Share or Shares in the In Default of said Undertaking, his, her or their Executors, Administrators, Successors or Assigns, shall neglect or refuse to Payment ot pay his, her or their Part or Portion of the Money to be called for by any General Meeting as aforesaid, bylQ

the time appointed for Payment thereof, then in such case such Person or Persons so neglecting or refuting ° shall (whether or not the same shall then have been sued for in any Court of Law or Equity) absolutely forfeit all his, her or their Share, Part and Interest in the said Undertaking and Capital Stock, and all Profit and Ack

vantage thereof, and all Money theretofore advanced by him, her or them on account thereof, to and for the Use and benefit of the said Company, unless otherwise determined by a Special General Meeting; and that all Shares which shall or may be so forfeited shall or may be sold at a public Sale for the most Money that can he gotten for the fame, and the Produce thereof shall go to and make Part of the Capital or Joint Stock of the said Company; but that no Advantage shall be taken of such Forfeiture of any Share in the said Undertaking as but Notice to be aforesaid until after Thirty Days' Notice shall be given by the Chairman or Deputy Chairman of the said S, vc»* Company to the Owner or Owners thereof, by Notice in Writing left at his, her or their usual or last Place of Abode; and that every such Forfeiture so to be declared shall be an absolute Indemnification and Discharge to and for the Subscriber or Subscribers, Proprietor and Proprietors, or their Executors, Administrators, Sue-

cessors and Assigns, so forfeiting, against all Actions, Suits and Prosecutions for any Breach of Contra& or other Agreement between such Subscriber or Subscribers, Proprietor or Proprietors, his, her or their Executors, Administrators, Successors and Assigns.

XLIX. And be it further etia&ed, That if any Person or Persons, Proprietor or Proprietors of any Share Executors, &c. or Shares in the said Undertaking shall die before Payment shall have been made by him or her of the full indemnified in Sum to be called for or in respect thereof as aforesaid, without having made any sufficient Provisions as afore- P*ytn&* ls# said* by Will or otherwise, how such Share or Shares shall be disposed of, and how the future Calls in respe£fc thereof shall be answered, that then and in such case the Executors or Administrators of such Proprietor and Proprietors, and the Trustee or Trustees, Guardian or Guardians of any Infant or other Person entitled to the Estate and £ffe&$ of such Proprietor or Proprietors, shall be indemnified against such Infant, and all other Persons whomsoever, for paying any Money which shall be called for as aforesaid in respect of the Share or Shares of such deceased Proprietor.

L. And in order that where the original Holder or Proprietor of One or more Share or Shares in the said For ascertaining Undertaking shall die, bectyne Insolvent or Bankrupt, or go out of the Kingdom, or shall transfer his or herJ\e p£°F£, etor; Right and Interest to some other Person, and no Register shall have been made of the Transfer thereof ^feS°cf Death, 0 with the Clerk to the said Company, it may not be in the Power of the said Company to know who is the iuf0Wency, &c. Owner or Proprietor of such Share or Shares, in order to give him, her or them, their Executors, Administrators, Successors and Assigns, Notice or Notices of Calls to be made on such Share or Shares, and to maintain any Action or Actions against him, her or them, their Executors, Administrators, Successors and Assigns, for the Recovery of the fame, or for the Purpose of safely paying to him, her or them, their Executors, Administrators, Successors and Assigns, the Interest or Dividends to which he, she oi they may be entitled by virtue thereof; Be it therefore further enacted, That in all the cases aforesaid, where the Right and Property in One or more Share or Shares in the said Undertaking shall pass from the original Subscriber or Subscribers, or any Proprietor or Proprietors thereof, to any other Person or Persons, by any other legal means than by a Transfer or Conveyance thereof in the Form and manner herein specified, an Affidavit shall be made and sworn to by Two credible Persons, before One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, stating the manner in which such Share or Shares hath or have passed to such other Person or Persons, their Executors, Administrators, Successors and Assigns, and that such Affidavit shall be transmitted to the Clerk of the said Company, to the Intent that he may enter and register the Name or Names of every such other Proprietor or Proprietors in the Register Book, or Lift of Subscribers and Proprietors to the said Undertaking, to be kept in the Office of the Clerk to the said Company; and that in all or any of the said cases it shall be lawful for the Subscribers and Proprietors, at any General Meeting, after Thirty Days' Notice shall have been given by the said Treasurer or Clerk to the Owners or Persons claiming by such Affidavit to be Owner or Owners thereof, and that such Person or Persons, their Executors, Administrators, Successors and Assigns,


2$2

Provision if Colli not paid in such cases.

Shares may be transferred.

Form of Transfer.

Transfer to be registered.

Evidence.

No Share to be sold after a Call till the Money ia paid.

In such case Transfer void.

Names, Sec. of Proprietors to be entered, and Certificate of their Shares delivered to them.

Appeal to Quarter Sessions.

Notice of Appeal.

Power of Quarter Session;

ProvisoforRights of Persons to light Streets, kc.

Cxxiii. 57° GEORG II> III.

/hall not have paid his, her or their Portion of the Money* becoming payable by virtue of any Call or Calls, and after Notice thereof shall have been given Three times, at the Intervals of Seven Days at lead between each Advertisement, in some Two or more London Newspapers, to declare, at any General Meeting, the fame Share or Shares to be forfeited, and that in such case the same shall be and become forfeited, and be sold and disposed of in such manner as the said Members at any Meeting or Meetings shall direct, or otherwise become consolidated in the General Fund of the said Company.

LI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the several Members of the said Undertaking, their Executors, Administrators, Successors and Assigns, to fell and transfer any Shaft or Shares of which they shall respectively be possessed; and every such Transfer shall be in the Form and to the Effect following; (that is to say, )

' J of in consideration of paid to me by

of do hereby bargain, fell and transfer to the said the Sum of

1 Capital Stock of and in the Undertaking called "The City of London Gas Light and

' Coke Company; " being my Share or Shares] No.] in the said Undertaking, to

hold to the said Executors, Administrators and Assigns, subject to the same Rules,

Orders and Restrictions, and on the fame Conditions, that I held the fame immediately before the Execution

hereof; and I the said do hereby agree to accept and take the said Share, subject to the same Rules, Orders, Restrictions and Conditions; as witness our Hands and Seals,

this Day of in the Year of our Lord .*

And that every such Transfer shall be registered in the Books of the said Company; and a Copy of such Register, signed by the Clerk or other Officer of the said Company duly authorized thereto, shall be sufficient Evidence of every such Sale, and received as such in all Trials before any Court in the United Kingdom; and until such Transfer shall be registered in the Books of the said Company as aforesaid, no Purchaser or Purchasers of any Share or Shares, their Executors, Administrators, Successors and Assigns, shall have any Part or Share in the said Undertaking, or in the Profits and Advantages thereof, nor shall receive any Interest or Dividends for or in respect of such Share or Shares so purchased, nor be entitled to vote at any Meeting or Meetings as Member or Members of the said Undertaking in respect of such Share or Shares, until the Expiration of Three Calendar Months after such Transfer /hafl have been registered.

LII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That after any Call for Money shall have been made by virtue of this Act, no Person or Persons shall fell 'or transfer any Share or Shares which he, she or they shall possess in the said Undertaking, after the Day appointed for the Payment of the said Call, until the Money so called for or in respect of his, her or their Shares intended to be sold shall be paid; and until such Money so called for shall be paid, any such Sale or Transfer of any Share or Shares shall be void; and all and every Person or Persons making Default herein shall be subject and liable to forfeit such his, her or their Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, to and for the general Benefit of the said Undertaking, unless he, she or they shall at the time of such Sale or Transfer pay to the Treasurer of the said Company the full Sum of Money called for upon every Share so to be sold or transferred; such Forfeiture neverthelefa to be firftr notified and declared in manner directed by this Act with respect to the Forfeiture of Shares for not answering the Calls to be made thereon as aforesaid.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Company, or their Committee of Management, (halt and they are hereby required to cause the Names and Designations of the several Persons who shall be entitled to Shares in the said Undertaking, with the Number of the Shares, and also the proper Number by which every Share shall be distingur/hed, to be fairly and distinctly entered in a Book to be kept by their Clerk, and after such Entry to cause the same to be signed by their Chairman, and they shall also cause a Certificate, to be signed by the Chairman and Clerk, to be delivered to every Proprietor upon Demand, specifying the Share or Snares to which he or she is entitled in the said Undertaking; and such Certificate shall be admitted in all Courts whatsoever as Evidence of the Title of such Proprietor, his or her Executors, Administrators and Assigns, to the Share or Shares therein specified; but the Warn of such Certificate shall not hinder or prevent the Owner of any of the said Shares from felling or disposing thereof.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That any Person or Persons thinking himself, herself or themselves aggrieved by any Judgment or Determination of any Justice or Justices of the Peace relating to any matter or thing in this Act mentioned or contained, may within Three Calendar Months next after such Order, v Judgment or Determination shall have been made or given, (first giving Twenty one Daye* Notice of such Complaint to the Person or Persons-against whom such Complaint is intended to be made, ) complain to the Justices of the Peace at the General Quarter Sessions to be held in and for the City or County in which the Cause of Appeal shall arise, who shall in a summary way either hear and determine the said Complaint at such General Quarter Sessions, or, if they think proper, may adjourn the Hearing thereof to the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held for such City or County; and the said Justices may, if they fee Cause, mitigate any Forfeiture or Fine, and may order any Money to be returned which shall have been levied in pursuance of such Determination; but no Proceedings to be had and taken in pursuance of this Act shall be qua/hed or vacated for Want of Form* or be removed by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process what-foyer, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or elsewhere; any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

LV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall have the Effect of depriving any Person or Persons of any Right which he or they at present possess, or of interfering with any Right which he or they may hereafter acquire, of lighting Streets or Houses with Gas Lights, or in any

other

A.D. 1817. 57° GEORGII III. xxiiir-xxix: 293

other manner: Provided also, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be'construed to defeat, ' and for Com-abridge, alter, obstruct or in any manner interfere with the Powers and Authorities of the Commissioners or miflfioners of Trustees for Lighting or Paving, or of the Commissioners of Sewers, or the New River Company, or any other Payment, Company established for the Supply of Water in or for any of such Parishes or Places, or any Part or Parts thereof, or the Rights of any Person or Persons to make, enlarge, repair or amend any Vault under any h'JeT Street within such rarilhea or Places: Provided also, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be con- Proviso for Per-ftrued to prevent any Person or Persons from proceeding against the said Company, or against any of their fons aggrieved Officers, Servants or Workmen* in respect of any Works of the said Company, or the Method which shall be Pro5e«dinK employed by them for furnishing such Light as aforesaid, as a public or private Nuisance, or from bringing. lhe^any Action against the said Company, or any of; their Officers, Servants or Workmen, for any Injury fuU, P y' tained by reason of any such Works or Method of Lighting, whether such Injury shall proceed from the Nature of such Method of Lighting, or the Carelessness or Want of Skill of the Persons employed therein.

[Public Act.]

LVI. And be it further enacted, That this A A shall be deemed and taken to be a Public A A, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

Cap. x*iv.

An Act to amend an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for the better repairing the several Roads leading 56 G. 3. c. 46. into and from the City of Worcester.

[23d May 1817.]

Cap.

xxv.

An Act to continue and amend Two Acts of the Fifteenth and Thirty fifth Years of His present Majesty, 15 G. 3. c. 67. for amending and widening the Road leading from Tarmouth Bridge through Little Yarmouth, to Gorleston, 35 0.3. c. 13a. in the County of Suffolk, (e) [23d 1817.]

tinu^d duriuglhs Residue of their respetSUve Terms, and for 2i Years, fee. afterwards.

Cap. xxvi.

An Act for amending the Roads leading from Bafirgflone, uear Bagshot, through Farnham, in the County of : 6 G. 2. c. 51. Surrey, and Alton and New Alresford, to Winchestert in the County of Southampton. (£) [23d May 1817.] 1 »G. 3. c. 51.

[Additional Toils*on Sundays.] rutiled*/

Cap. xxvii.

An Act for more effectually improving the Road from Richmond\ in the County of York, to Lancaster, ift the 24 Oi. c. 17. County of Lancaster, and the Road from Richmond to Lucy Croft, and from Gilling to the Turnpike Road9 G. a. 0.91. on Gatherley Moor, in the County of York, (a) [23d May 1817.] ^c^p/as^con7*

tinued by this AO, repealed from lit June, 1817.

Cap. xxviii.

An Act for continuing and amending an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Town of Bedford in the County of Bedford, to Kimbolton in the County of Huntingdon. (tf) [23d May 1817.] [New Trustees. Power to appoint Additional Trustees. Former Tolls to cease, and new Tolls granted.]

35 G. 3. c.^48.

continued.

[But the Term

for which it it

continued is not Jiated.'X

V

Cap. xxlx.

An Act for better paving, improving and regulating the Streets of the Metropolis, and removing and preventing Nuisances and Obstructions therein.

[16th June 1817.]

WHEREAS many of the Streets and public Places within that Part of the Metropolis which is situate 4 W within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and the Parishes of Saint Pane r as and Saint Mary te bone, in the County of Middlesex, are divided into parochial and other Districts, and are paved and repaired and

regulated, and Obstructions and Nuisances therein are removed, under the Direction of certain Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons appointed to superintend and regulate the fame in each of such parochial

or other Districts, by virtue of certain local Acts of Parliament; and the Pavements of many of such Streets and public Places are often iu a State dangerous to Passengers, and frequently contain Nnifances and Obstructions which are offensive or injurious: And Whereas it would materially tend to the remedying of such DefeAs in the Pavements, and such Nuisances, if more summary means of compelling the speedy Reparation of the Pavements of such Streets and public Places, and of enforcing due Regulations as to the various Water and Gas Companies and Commissioners of Sewers, by whom the Pavements of such Streets and public Places have been frequently displaced; and also if more adequate Funds and Authorities were

given to the said several Commissioners, Trustees and other Persons having the Superintendence and Regulation of the Pavements of such Streets and public Places; For which Purposes, may it please Your Majesty that it may be enacted 5 and be it enaActl by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled,

and by the Authority of the same, That this A A and the Provisions herein contained shall extend to all How far Ad to Streets and public Places which are now paved, or which may be hereafter paved, within the Cities of London extend, and Westminster and Borough of Southwark, and any other Parts of the Metropolis which are included within the

LjOc je

Surveyors of Pavements to be appointed in Parishes or other Districts.

What Persons incapacitated from being Surveyors.

Incapacitated Persons acting,

[Penalty.]

Successfors to Surveyors to be appointed* within One Month after Vacancy.

Commissioners, &c. to cause Boards, inscribed with the Names and Residence of Surveyors, to be placed in conspicuous Parts of every District.

C. xxix. 57° GEORGII III. A.D. 1817.

the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and to all Streets and public Places which are now paved, or which may be hereafter paved, within the Parishes of Saint Pancrcu and Saint Mary le bone in the said County of Middlesex, except only any Parts thereof which may be herein after particularly excepted.

II. And be it further enacted, That within Two Calendar Months after the passing of this Act the Commissioners, Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements of any Jarish or other District included within the Operation of this Act, shall appoint One or more competent Person or Persons, being a Housekeeper or Housekeepers, and having an House or Houses, or an Office or Offices, within their several Parishes or other Districts, and to be and be called c« The Surveyor^.or " The Surveyors of the Pavements, " within each of such respective Parishes or other Districts, and that such Person or Persons so to be appointed the Surveyor or Surveyors shall superintend the Pavements of the several Parishes or other Districts to which he or they shall be so appointed by the Commissioners, Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements therein, and shall observe and perform all the Duties imposed on Surveyors or Inspectors of Pavements by this Act, or by the several local Acts of Parliament whereby or by virtue whereof such Commissioners, Trustees or other Persons shall have been and shall be appointed, and which they shall be from time to time directed to observe and perform by the several Commissioners, Trustees or other Persons by whom they shall be so appointed; and also that all and every the Surveyors so appointed shall and may be discharged and removed from time to time by the several Commissioners, Trustees and other Persons by whom they shall be so appointed, at their Pleasure; and that they shall be paid such annual or other Salaries, Gratuities or Compensation, out of the Monies arising from the Rates made and to be made for or towards the paving and repairing the Pavements of each or such Parishes or other Districts, and either separately or jointly with any other Objects or Purposes, during their continuance in the said Office, as the said Chftimissioners, Trustees or other Persons by whom they shall be severally appointed, shall from time to time think fit: Provided nevertheless, that this Act shall not limit or prevent the Appointment by the said Commissioners, Trustees or other Persons, of any Inspectors or other inferior Officers for the Assistance of the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Pavements within each of their respective parochial or other Districts, as they shall think necessary for the better Preservation and Superintendence of the Pavements therein.

III. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall at any time hereafter be appointed to the Office of Surveyor of the Pavements of and in any Parish or other District, or shall continue in such Office, or shall act therein, who at the time of such Appointment shall be, or after such Appointment shall become, a Commissioner or Trustee, or a Person having the Control of the Pavements of such Parish or other District by virtue of any local Act or Acts of Parliament or other wise, or who shall be a Pavior or Mason, or Dealer in Stones, and who shall have any Share or Interest in any Employment or Contract for the Pavement or Reparation of the Pavement of such Parish or other District, or in any other public Works under such Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons within such Parish or other District; and that no Person shall be continued in such Office of Surveyor of Pavements by any Commissioners, Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the pavements of any Parish or other District, or shall act therein, who shall cease to be an Housekeeper, or to have an House or Office within the particular Parish or other District, to the Superintendence of the Pavements whereof he shall have been so appointed, or who shall become otherwise disqualified by virtue of this Act; and that if any Person shall presume to act as a Surveyor of Pavements for and in any Parish or other District, being disqualified a6 herein mentioned, every such Person shall for every such Act forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds, to be recovered in the manner in which other Forfeitures and Penalties are herein after directed to be recovered by virtue of this Act.

IV. And be it hereby further enacted, That from time to time and at all times hereafter, within One Calendar Month after the Death or Removal or Disqualification of any Person appointed by any Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements within any parochial or other District, to be a Surveyor of the Pavements of and within such parochial or other District, the said Commissioners or Trustees, or other such Persons, shall appoint another competent Person, qualified as hereinbefore directqd, to the Office of a Surveyor of the Pavements of and within such parochial or other District, in the Room or Stead of the Person who shall so die or be removed, or otherwise become disqualified for such Office.

V. And be it hereby further enacted, That the Commissioners 6r Trustees, or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements of and in every parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, from time to time and at all times within Fourteen Days after they shall have appointed any Person or Persons to the Office of a Surveyor or Surveyors of the Pavements of and within such parochial or other District, shall cause to be painted on Boards the Christian and Surnames of each and every such Person or Persons so from time to time by them appointed to the Office of Surveyor for such parochial or other District, with the Number of the House, and the Street or other public Place within the said parochial or other District which may then be the Dwelling House or Dwelling Houses, or Office or Offices, of the Person or Persons so appointed a Surveyor or Surveyors of the Pavements for such particular parochial or other District, and that such Inscriptions shall be so painted on the said Boards in Oil Colours, and in Roman Letters, being at least One Inch in Height; and that they the said Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements of and in every such parochial or other District, shall also cause one of such Boards, being so painted, to be set up or fixed in a conspicuous Place of the external Part of every Parish Church and parochial Chapel and Watch House, within their several parochial or other Districts, and also on any Walls or Ereftiens or Buildings within their several parochial or other Districts respectively, not being private Dwelling Houses, as they may think necessary, and from time to time may vary and transpose the fame, or cause the same to be variA or transposed, as they shall think necessary or convenient; and that they the said Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements of and in every such parochial or other District, from time to time and at

all

A.D. 1817. 57° GEORGII III. C. xxix.

all times shall cause to be renewed or repaired and repainted all and every such Boards with the Inscriptions aforesaid, when and as often as occasion shall require, and so that the Inscriptions on the said Boards, with the Names and Residence of the several Surveyors of the Pavements of and in every parochial or other District, shall be legible at all times during the Day; and that if any Person shall wilfully remove, destroy or injure any of such Boards, or shall obliterate or deface the Words painted thereon, or any of them, or any Part thereof, or shall cause or procure the same to be removed, destroyed or injured, or obliterated or defaced, then every such Person shall for every fuclr Offence forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Thirty Shillings nor less than Fifteen Shillings, to be recovered in the manner herein after provided.

VI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person being the Occupier of an inhabited Dwelling House, situate in any Parish or Place also within the Jurisdiction of this Act, and .rated to the Relief of the Poor of such Parish or Place wherein such Dwelling House shall be situate, at the Sum of Fifty Pounds at the lead, for and in respect of such Dwelling House, or in case any Two Persons being the Occupiers of Two several inhabited Dwelling Houses situate in any Parish or Place, Parishes or Places, also within the Jurisdiction of this Act, and each of whom shall be rated to the Relief of the Poor of such Parish or Place, Parishes or Places, wherein such Dwelling Houses shall be respectively situate, at the Sum of Twenty five Pounds at the least, for and in respect of their said respective Dwelling Houses, shall think that the Pavement of any Street or public Place in any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, or any Part of such Pavement, is in a State dangerous to Passengers, or so very defective as to occasion serious Inconvenience to Passengers and Carriages, then and in every such case it shall and may be lawful to and for such One Person alone, or for such Two Persons jointly, to prepare a Notice, signed with his or their respective Hand or Hands, setting forth the Number of his or their respective Dwelling House or Dwelling Houses, and the Street or public Place, or Streets or Public Places, wherein such Dwelling House or Dwelling Houses is or are situate, and describing the Part of the Pavements of any Street or .public Place which he or they consider to be then dangerous to Passengers, or so very defective as to occasion serious Inconvenience to Passengers and Carriages, and also requiring the Reparation thereof, and to address such Notice to any Person being a Surveyor for the time being of the Pavements of and within the parochial or other District wherein the Part of any Street or public Place shall be situate, the Pavement whereof shall then be dangerous to Passengers, or so very defective as aforesaid, and to give such Notice to any such Surveyor, or to leave the fame for him at the Dwelling House or Office within such parochial or other District, inscribed on the Boards to be from time to time set up by the Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements of and within such parochial or other District, pursuant to the Directions of this Act.

VII. And be it further enacted, That every Person from time to time hereafter being the Surveyor of the Pavements of any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, to whom shall be given or for whom shall be left a Notice, signed and prepared as before directed, of the dangerous or very defective State as aforesaid of any Part of the Pavement of any Street or public Place in the parochial or other District in and for which he shall then be a Surveyor of Pavements, shall forthwith inspect the Part of the Pavement described in such Notice given to or left for him; and if the fame or any Part thereof shall really be in a State dangerous to Passengers, or so very defective as to occasion serious Inconvenience to Passengers and Carriages, and if the Costs and Charges of and about the repairing of such dangerous or very defective Pavement will not exceed the Sum of Two Pounds, he shall cause such Pavement to be effectually repaired within Three Days after the Day whereon such Notice shall have been given to or left for him as aforesaid; and if the Costs and Charges of and about the repairing of such Pavement will exceed the Sum of Two Pounds, but will not exceed the Sum of

' Ten Pounds, then he shall cause such dangerous or very defective Pavement to be effectually repaired within Seven Days after the Day whereon such Notice shall have been given to or left for him as aforesaid; and in either of such cases, such Surveyor may and shall cause such Pavements to be so effectually repaired by and of his own Authority, and without any Order or Direction from the Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements of the parochial or other District wherein he shall be appointed to act; and the Costs and Charges of such effectual Reparation shall be paid by such Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements of the parochial or other District wherein such dangerous or very defective Pavement may be situate; but if it shall appear to the said Surveyor, upon the Inspection of the Pavements described in any Notice to be given to or left for him as aforesaid, that the fame is really in a State dangerous to Passengers, or so very defective as to occasion serious Inconvenience to Passengers and Carriages, and that the Costs and Charges of and about the effectual Reparation of such Part of the said Pavements as may then be in a State dangerous to Passengers, or so very defective as to occasion serious Inconvenience to Passengers and Carriages, will exceed the Sum of Ten Pounds, then and in every such case, the said Surveyor shall deliver a Copy of the Notice given to or left for him as aforesaid, to the Clerk or Clerks or other proper Officer of the Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements of such parochial or other District, within Three Days after such Notice shall have been given to or left for him as aforesaid, and shall in Writing require such Clerk or Clerks, or other proper Officer, duly to summon a General Meeting of the Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements of such parochial or other District, according to the usual Custom of such Clerk or Clerks, or other proper Officer, or to the Directions of the local Act or Acts of Parliament under or by virtue whereof such Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements of and in such parochial or other District, shall be appointed; and that such Clerk or Clerks, or other proper Officer, within Two Days after he shall receive such Notice and Requisition from the said Surveyor, shall summon or cause to be furomoned a General Meeting of the said Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements of and in such parochial or other District, to be held within Four Days then next, for the Purpose of considering the

Notice

*9$

Removing or obliterating such Boards or Inscriptions, Penalty.

Certain House-keepers living within Jurisdiction of Act may give Notice to Surveyors of dangerous or defective Pavement, and require the Reparation thereof.

Surveyors to cause such dangerous or defective Pavement to be repaired.

If Charge do net exceed al.

If exceeding al

Such Charge to he pa id by Commissioners of Pavements, fcc.

If Charges exceed iol. Proceedings.

Notice given to or left for the Surveyor appointed by them as aforesaid; and that the said Commissioners or Trustee9, or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements of such parochial or other District, or a sufficient Number of them for the Transaction of Business, according to the Provisions of the local Act or Acts of Parliament under or by virtue of which they are or shall be appointed, shall assemble at their usual Place of Meeting pursuant to such Summons, and shall then and there consider such Notice so given to or left for the said Surveyor of the Pavements of such parochial or other District; and if such Part of the Pavement described in such Notice, or any Part thereof, shall really be in a State dangerous to Passengeri, or so very defective as to occasion serious Inconvenience to Passengers and Carriages, then such Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons shall then and there direct the effectual Reparation of such Part of the Pavements mentioned in the said Notice as may be dangerous to Passengers, or so very defective as aforesaid, and shall cause the fame and every Part thereof to be so effectually repaired at their Costs and Charges, within Twenty eight Daye then next, if the Charges of and about so effectually repairing the fame will notin their Judgment exceed the Sum of Fifty Pounds, and within Six Weeks then next if the Charges of and about so effectually repairing the fame will in their Judgment exceed the said Sum of Fifty Pounds.

Justices on

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if at any time or times hereafter the Pavement of any Street or

Neglect ouy public Place within the Jurisdiction of this Act, being in a State dangerous to Passengers, or so very defective as to occasion serious Inconvenience to Passengers and Carriages, whereof a Notice, prepared and the Repdr. signed as hereinbefore is directed, shall have been given to or left for any Person being a Surveyor of the Pavements of the parochial or other District wherein the Pavement so dangerous to Passengers, or so very defective as aforesaid, may be situate, shall not be sufficiently repaired within the times hereinbefore appointed for the Reparation thereof, (that is to say) within Three Days from the Day whereon the said Notice shall have been given or left as, aforesaid, if the Costs and Charges of and about such Repair would not exceed the Sum of Two Pounds, and within Seven Days from the Day whereon the said Notice shall Jiave been given or left as aforesaid, if the Costs and Charges of and about such Repair would not exceed the Sum of Ten Pounds, and within Twenty eight Days from the Day whereon the said Notice shall have been given or left as aforesaid, if the Costs and Charges of and about such Repair would not exceed the Sum of Fifty Pounds, and within Six Weeks next after the said Notice shall have been given or left as aforesaid, if the Costs and Charges of and about stich Repair would exceed the Sum of Fifty Pounds, then it shall and may be lawful to and for the Person or Persons by whom any Notice signed as hereinbefore is directed shall have been given or left as aforesaid, to apply and complain to any Two Justices of the Peace acting for the City, Borough or County wherein the Pavement of the Street or public Place described in the Notice fa Proof on Oath given or left as aforesaid shall be situate, and that upon Proof upon Oath, by One or more credible Witoefs of pne Witpefs. or Witnesses, that a Notice, prepared and signed as hereinbefore is directed, had been given to or left for a Person appointed and notified to be a Surveyor of the Pavements of such parochial or other District wherein the Pavement described in such Notice may be situate, and according to the Directions of this Act, and that the Part of the Pavements in any Street or public Place described in such Notice, and being in a State dangerous to .Passengers, or so very defective as to occasion serious Inconvenience to Passengers and Carriages, had not been sufficiently repaired within the time hereinbefore limited by this Act, according to the ColW and Charges which must be incurred in and about such Reparation; then such Justices of the Peace, by a Summons under their Hands, shall require the said Person, being appointed and notified to be a Surveyor of the Pavements for the parochial or other District wherein the Pavement of any Street or public Place dangerous to Passengers, or so very defective as aforesaid, shall be. situate, to or for whom the said Notice, prepared and signed as aforesaid, shall have been given or left, according to the Directions of this Act, to appear before them the said Justices, at a Place and time to be mentioned in such Summons, (and the Time being Twenty four Hours at the least after the said Summons shall have been, given to the said Surveyor, or shall have been left for him at his Dwelling House or Office within the parochial or other District the Pavement whereof he shall be appointed to survey, inscribed on the Boards hereinbefore directed to be Surveyor to (bow fpt up in every parochial and other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, ) and then and there to show Cause why Cause why the Pavement described in the said Notice hath not been sufficiently repaired according to such Pavement not Notice, within the times hereinbefore by this Act limited, according to the Expence which must be incurred > repaire.jn ancj about such Repair 5 and that if the said Surveyor, or fojne Person authorized by him, shall not

attend before the said Justices at the time and Place mentioned in such Summons, or if he or such other Person authorized by him shall then and there attend, and shall not show to them the said Justices a sufficient Cause or sufficient Causes why the said Pavement described in the said Notice given to or left for the said Surveyor as hereinbefore is directed, and every Part thereof, hath not been sufficiently repaired according to such Notice, then and upon Proof upon Oath by Two or more credible Witnesses that the Pavement described in the said Notice is then dangerous to Passengers, or so very defective as aforesaid, and that the fame is situate within the parochial or other District for which the said Surveyor shall have been On Default Juf- appointed and notified as appointed to act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Justices, by Order tices may order under their Hands and Seals, to order and direct that the said Surveyor shall pay to the Person or Persons by.Surveyor to pay whom the said Notice shall have been signed as aforesaid, such Sum of Money as he or they shall have ed °and tcTrepair. expended for the Costs and Charges of such Summons and Order, and which said Sum of Money so

by the said Justices ordered to be paid by the said Surveyor shall and may be recovered in the same manner in which any other Forfeitures and Penalties ire herein after directed to be recovered by virtue of this Act; and the said Justices shall also then and there, by an Order under their Hands and Seals, order the said Surveyor to sufficiently repair or cause to be repaired all the Pavement described. in the said Notice being in a State dangerous to Passengers, or so very defective as aforesaid, and being in the parochial or other District

A.D. 1817. 5Jb GEORGII III. C. xxix. 297

wherein he the said Surveyor shall have been appointed to act as Surveyor of the Pavement, within Three Day« then next if the Costs and Charges of and about such Repair will not exceed the Sum of Two Pounds, and within Seven Days then next if the Costs and Charges of and about the said Repair will not exceed the Sum of Ten Pounds, and within Twenty eight Days then next if the Costs and Charges of and about such Repair will exceed the Sum of Ten Pounds but will not exceed the Sum of Fifty Pounds, and within Six Weeks then next if the Costs and Charges of and about such Repair will exceed the Sum of Fifty Pounds; and the said Order of the said Two Justices of the Peace, within Twenty four Hours after the same shall be Proceedings on made, shall be given to the said Surveyor, or left for him at his Dwelling House or Office within the the said Order. Parish or other District the Pavement whereof he shall be appointed to furvev, inscribed on the said Boards hereinbefore directed to be set up, and shall be obeyed and performed by him; and he the said Surveyor shall sufficiently repair the said Pavements, or cause the same to be sufficiently repaired, within the time to be directed by the said Order, at the Costs and Charges of the Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements of that parochial or other District wherein the Pavements shall be situate which by such Order shall be so ordered to be repaired; but if the said Surveyor; If Surveyor show or any Person authorized by him, shall attend before the said Justices at the time and Place mentioned in Notice not such Summons, and shall {how to the said Justices that such Notice was not prepared and signed and given or duly S, ven> deleft according to the Directions of this Act, or that the Pavement described in such Notice was not in a State dangerous to Passengers, or was not in a State so very defective as to occasion serious Inconvenience to Passengers and Carriages, either at the time of the Delivery of such Notice, or at the time of the Application of the Person or Persons signing such Notice to such Justices, or shall then and there (how to such Justices such other.Cause or Causes as they shall deem sufficient why the said Pavements have not been repaired according to such Notice, then and in any or either of the said Cases the said Justices shall dismiss the said Justicei may dif. Complaint of the Person or Persons by whom the said Notice shall have been signed as aforesaid, and miECompLint, by an Order under their Hands and Seals shall declare that such Person or Persons having signed the said and Notice, and having made the Application and Complaint*to them the said Justices, hath or have forfeited the Sum of Forty Shillings, and shall direct the same Sum of Forty Shillings to be paid by him or them to Penalty of 40s.'the said Surveyor or other Person authorized by him, then attending before the said Justices, for his own Use and Benefit; and such Sum of Forty Shillings so forfeited shall be recovered in the manner in which other Forfeitures and Penalties are herein after directed to be recovered by virtue of this Act: Provided always, Proviso whejre and be it hereby also enacted, That if it shall appear to the said Justices of the Peace that the Costs and Expence of Re-Charges of and about the Repair of any Pavement so by them ordered to be repaired as aforesaid will be^0*

exceed the Sum of Fifty Pounds, or that such Reparation cannot be probably completed within Six Weeks compteted within then next, then and in such case, or under any other special Circumstances, it shall and may be lawful to and six Weeks, for the said Justices to extend any of the times for completing the Repair of any such Pavement to some other time beyond the Period of Six Weeks, or beyond the other Periods mentioned by this Act, at their Discretion, and so that such Repair be completed with all the Expedition which the Extent of such Repair and such special Circumstances, in the Judgment of the said Justices of the Peace, will permit.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person from time to time hereafter, being die Surveyor of Surveyors ne-the Pavements of any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, and being summoned by glebing to attend any Two Justices of the Peace as hereinbefore is directed, shall refuse or neglect, either personally or by some Person authorized by him, to attend before such Justices at the time and Place to be mentioned order, ing 1* in such Summons, or shall refuse or neglect to perform and obey any Order which may be legally made by such Two Justices of the Peace, under their Hands and Seals, as hereinbefore is directed, and which shall direct, according to the Provisions of this Act, the Reparation of any Pavements dangerous to any Passengers, or so very defective as to occasion serious Inconvenience to Passengers and Carriages in any Streets or public Places within the parochial or other District for which he shall be appointed to act as a Surveyor of the Pavements, and to perform and obey the fame within the time specified therein, (he having Notice thereof as hereinbefore is directed, and not being prevented from the Observance and Performance of such Order by Froft or other unavoidable Circumstances, or by the Neglect or Proceedings of any Water or Gas Company, or Commissioners of Sewers) then and in such Case the said Person being the Surveyor as aforesaid shall forfeit and pay for such Refusal or Neglect any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds for the First Offence, First Offence, jind a Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds for a Second Offence, and a Sum not exceeding Thirty Pounds Second Offence, for every Third Offence, to be recovered in such manner as other Penalties or Forfeitures are by this Act herein- Third Offence, after directed to be recovered, and to be paid, when recovered, to the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Penalties.

Poor of the Parish or District wherein1 any such dangerous or defective Pavement shall be situate, and to be by them applied to and for the Use of the Poor of such Parish or District, and in aid of the Rates for the Relief of the Poor of such Parish or District, and to no other Person or Persons, and for no other Use or Purpose whatsoever; and such Person who shall be guilty of such Third Offence shall thereafter become dif- Disqualified. qualified from acting in the said Office of a Surveyor of the Pavements in the fame or in any other parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, and from being re-appointed or appointed thereto, and from acting therein, either gratuitously or otherwise, or under any Pretence whatsover, unless he shall so aft under the Direaion and by the Command of the Commissioners, Trustees or other Persons by whom he shall have been appointed: Provided always, that all Costt, Charges and Expences which such Person, being the Surveyor Proviso for Reef the Pavements of any parochial or other District, shall incur or expend in and about the Observance and imbursement of Performance of any such Order made by the said Two Justices of the Peace as aforesaid for the Repara- '"p^son in tion of the Pavements in such parochial or other District being dangerous to Passengers or very defective as p^mance V" aforesaid, as hereinbefore is directed, or which he shall incur or be put unto in consequence of his Refusal Orders of Com-57 Geo. III. Q q or m ilfioners, &. c.

Notice of Appointment of Surveyor to be given to Witer and Gas Companies,

and Commissioners of Sewers.

Provisoas to Necessity of giving Notice in certain cases.

Previous Notice to be given by the said Companies and Commissioners of Sewers to Surveyors before they break up % ny Pavement,

except fe*

R^pausj &c.

and to have Consent of Commissioners, &c.

Notice after beginning to break up for Repairs, &c. of Pipes, &c. Companies, &c. breaking up without Notice, (Exception)

6*. xxix. 57° GEORGII III. A.D. 1817.

or Neglect to perform and obey any such Order by the Directions in Writing of the Commissionera or Trustees, or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements of the parochial or other District for which he may be appointed to act, shall be forthwith paid or reimbursed to him by such Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons, out of the Monies which they shall then possess, or shall first thereafter receive, by virtue or on account of any Rates or Assessments thentofore or thereafter made, for and towards the Expence? of the Paving or Reparation of the Pavement of such parochial or other District, or other wise, by virtue of any local Act or Acts of Parliament, or by virtue of this Act.

X. And be it further enacted, That from time to time, when and as often as any Person shall be appointed by the Commissioners or Trusteet, or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements of any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, to be a Surveyor of the Pavements of the Streets and

public Places in such parochial or other District, such Appointment shall be notified, within Seven Days after every such Appointment, by the Clerk or Clerks or some other Officer of such Commissioners or Trusteea, or ether Persons, to a Clerk, Secretary pr some Officer or Servant of each of the several Companies for the Supply of Water, or Proprietors of Water Works, commonly and herein after called and described as*Wate*

Companies, and of each of the several Companies or Societies or Proprietors of Works for the Supply of inflammable Air or Gas or Gas Lights, commonly and herein after called and described Gas Light Companies/ whole Pipes for the Conveyance of Water or Gas may or shall then be laid beneath the Surface of any of the Streets or public Places within each of such parochial or other Districts for which such Surveyor shall have been so appointed, and also to a Clerk or Secretary of the Commissioners of Sewers then having Jurisdiction over the common and public Drains and Sewers within every such parochial or other District, by a Notice in Writing to be signed by such Clerk or Clerks or other proper Officer of such Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons, and to be given to a Clerk, Secretary or some other Officer or Servant of the said several Water and Gas Light Companies, or to a Clerk or Secretary of such Commissioners of Sewers, or to be left for them or some or one of them at their or some or one of their Dwelling House or Dwelling Houses or Place or Places of Abode, or at an Office or Counting House for the time being of each of such Water and Gas Light Companies or Commissioners of Sewers: Provided, that it shall not be necessary to give any such Notice to any Water or Gas Light Companies or Commissioners of Sewers which shall not have previously notified that their Pipes or Drains and Sewers have been and are placed beneath the Streets or public Places within each of such parochial or other Districts, to the Clerk or Clerks or other proper Officer of the Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in the Streets or public Places within each of such parochial or other Districts respectively.

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful to or for any Water or Gas Light Company, or for any Commissioners of Sewers, or any Person or Persons acting by or under the Authority of them or any of them, or on their Account, to break or take up, or cause to be broken or taken up, any of th* Pavements in any of the Streets or public Places within the Jurisdiction of this Act, for the Purpose of making and laying down any Main or Mains of Pipes, or of making any Sewer, Vault or Drain, or for any other Purpose (except for the Purpose of altering the Postion of, or of repairing any Pipes, Stopcocks or Plugs, or of substituting Iron for Wooden Mains or Pipes, or of repairing, cleansing or altering any Sewer, Vault or Drain), tmless Notice in Writing of their Intention to break or take up such Pavement, signed by the principal Clerk or Secretary of such Water or Gas Light Company, or Commrflicmers of Stewers for the time being, or by their Surveyor, or Irtfpeftor, or Turncock for the time being, specifying the Street or public Place, and the particular Part of such Street or public Place in which such Pavement is intended to be broken or taken up, shall bay? been given to a Surveyor of the Pavements for the time being of the parochial or other District wherein such Street or public Place the Pavement whereof is so intended to be broken or taken up shall be situate, or shall have been left for him at his Dwelling-house or Office within such parochial or other District, for the Space of Three Days at the lead before such Pavement or any Part thereof shall be so broken or taken up for the Purposes aforesaid; and that no Gas Light Company shall break or take up or disturb, or cause to be broken or taken up or disturbed, the Pavement of any Street or public Place for the Purpose of laying down any new Mains or Pipes, without the Consent in Writing of the Commissioners or Trustees or other Persont having the Control of the Pavements in any parochial or other District, Signified under the Hand or Hands of their Clerk or Clerks, or other proper Officer or Officers, first obtained; and also, that any Water or Gaa Light Company, or Commissioners of Sewers, or any of them, who shall break or take up, or cause to be broken or taken up* any of the Pavements in any of the Streets or public Places within the Jurisdiction of this Act, for the Purpose of altering the Postion of or repairing any Pipes, Stopcocks or Plugs, or of fob*, flituting Iron for Wooden Mains or Pipes, or of repairing, cleansing or altering any Sewer, Vault or Drai % shall give such Notice thereof as aforesaid, signed as aforesaid, and m manner aforesaid, unto such Surveyor as aforesaid, within Twelve Hours after any such Water or Gas Light Company, or Commissioners of Sewers, or any Person or Persons acting by or under the Authority of them, or any of them, or on their Account, shall begin to break or take up, or to cause to be broken or taken up, any of such Pavements for the Purposes last aforesaid; and that if any such Water or Gas Light Company, or any Commissioners of Sewers, or any Person or Persons acting by or under their Authority, or on their Account, shall break or take up, or cause to be broken or taken up, any of such Pavement (except for the Purpose of altering th? Postion of or repairing any Pipes, Stopcocks or Plugs, or of substituting Iron for Wooden Mains or Pipes, or of repairing, cleansing or altering any Sewer, Vault or Drain) without such Three Days previous Notice-being given or left as aforesaid; or if any Gas Light Company shall break or take up or disturb, or fcause to be broken or taken up or disturbed, any of such Pavement, for the Purpose of laying down any new Mams gr Pipes, without such Consent as aforesaid; or if any Water or Gat Light Company, or Cona-

14 xpiffiooera

A.D. 1817. 57° GEORGII 1IL Cxxix.

missioners of Sewers, who may break or take tip, or cause to be broken or taken up, any of the Pavements aforesaid, for the Purpose of altering the Postion of or of repairing any Pipes, Stopcocks or Plugs, or of substituting Iron for Wooden Maine or Pipes, or of repairing, cleansing or altering any Sewer, Vault or Drain, shall refuse or neglect to give or leave, or to cause to be given or left, such Notice thereof as aforesaid within Twelve Hours after any such Water or Gas Light Company, or Commissioners of Sewers, or any Person or Persons acting by or under the Authority of them, or any of them, or on their Account, shall begin to break or to take up, or to cause to be broken or taken up, any of such Pavements, then and in every or any such case, the Company, or Commissioners of Sewers, or other Person or Persons so breaking or taking up the fame Pavement, or any Part thereof, or causing or directing the same to be broken or taken up, or under whose Authority or on whose Account the same shall be so broken or taken up, or the Persons so breaking or taking up the fame, shall forfeit and pay to the Commissioners or Trustees or othdfr Persons having the Control of the Pavements within the parochial or other District in which such Pavement ft broken or taken up or disturbed shall be situate, or to their Treasurer, Clerk or Surveyor, or to such other Person as they may appoint, the Sum of Forty Shillings for every Square Foot of Pavement which shall be so broken or taken up without such Notice or Consent as aforesaid, to be recovered in the same manner in which other Forfeitures and Penalties are herein after directed to be recovered by virtue of this Act.

XII. And be it further enacted, That all new or complete Mains or Pipes for the Conveyance of Water, or inflammable Air or Gas, which after the passing of this Act shall be laid down beneath the Surface of any Streets or Public Places within the Jurisdiction of this Act, by or on account of any Water or Gas Light Company, and whether such new or complete Main of Pipes shall or shall not be substituted for or added to any other complete Main or Mains of Pipes for the Conveyance of Water or inflammable Air or Gas, thento-fore laid down for the Conveyance of Water or of inflammable Air or Gas, shall consist and be made of Iron alone, and of no other Material; and that the Pavements of any Streets or public Places within the Jurisdiction of this Act, or any Part thereof, shall not be broken or taken up for the Purpose of laying down any new Main of Pipes, for the Conveyance of Water or of inflammable Air or Gas, during any Part of the Months of December, January or February in any Year; and also, that from and after Ten Years from the passing of this Act all and every new Mam Pipe and Pipes for the Conveyance of Water, or of inflammable Air or Oar, which shall be laid down by or on account of any Water or Gas Light Company, or other Persons, shall consist and be made of Iron alone, and of no other Material; and all and every new Service and other Pipes shall not consist or) be made of Wood, but shall consist or be made of Iron or Lead, or of some durable Material; and that if any Water or Gas Light Company, or any other Person, shall break or take up, or cause to be broken or taken up, any such Pavement for the Purposes aforesaid during the Months aforesaid, or shall lay or cause to be laid down any Pipes corififting or made of any Materials in Violation of the Provisions of this Act, then and in every such case the Company or other Person so offending shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds for every Square Foot of Pavement which shall be so broken or taken up by them or on their Account, and the like Sum for every Foot in Length of Pipe which shall be so laid down confiding or made of any such Material; and which said Forfeitures and Penalties shall be recoverable in the same manner in which other Forfeitures and Penalties are herein after directed to be recovered by virtue of this Act: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be conftrned to extend to binder or prevent any Water Company, at any rime within or after the Space of Ten Years from the passing of this Act, from repairing all or any of their pTefent Mains or Service Pipes, which are not conftmded of Iron, With Wood or such other Materials whereof such Mains or Pipes are now constructed.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person appointed to act as a Surveyor of the Pavements in any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, and to and for any other Person or Persons appointed by the Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements of any such parochial or other District, when he shall be directed so to do by the Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons by whom be or they shall be appointed to ad, from time to time and at any times between the Hours of Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon and of Four of the Clock in the Afternoon of any Day not being a Sunday or Holiday appointed by Law, at the Office or Counting House of any Water or Gas Light Company, any of whose Pipes for the Conveyance of Water or of mflammable Air or Gas shall then be laid beneath the Surface erf any of the Streets or public. Places within each of such parochial or other Districts, the Pavemerits whereof shall be under the Control of such several Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons, or for tfhith any such Surveyor shall be appointed to ad, and at the Office of any Commissioners of Sewers then having Jurisdiction over the common and public Drains and Sewers within every such parochial or other District, to examine and insped any and every Map or Plan, or Draft or Survey, or Delineation or Description, of all and every the Main of Pipes and Pipes belonging to any of such Water or Gas Light Companies, then possessed by them, or being in their Custody or Power, and any and every Map or rlan, or Draft or Survey, Delineation or Description, of the common and public Drains or Sewers being within such parochial or other District, and under the Jurisdiction of Inch Commissioners of Sewers, then possessed by them, or being in their Custody or Power, he such Surveyor for the time being, or such other Person or Persons appointed by the said Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in any such parochial or other District, having given to a Clerk or Secretary of any such Company or Commissioners of Sewers, or having left at the Office or Counting House of such Company or Commissioners of Sewers, Two Days previous Notice in Writing of his or their Intention to attend at the Office or Counting House of such Companies or Commissioners of Sewers for the Purpose aforesaid; and that the Secretary or Clerk, or some other Officer of such Company or Commissioners ofaewers shall then and there produce and (how, or cause to be produced and shown, unto such Surveyor or

' Q q % N other

*99

[Penalty.]

New Mains of Water Pipes, Sec. to be made of Iron only.

Not laid down during the Months of December, January or February. Audio from Ten Years from passing this Act.

[Penalty.]

Proviso for Water Companies repairing present Mains, Sec.

Plans of Pipes and Sewers may be examined by Surveyors of Pavement, &c.

Notice thereof in Writing.

Officers of Companies, &c. to notify their Names and Places of Abode to Clerks of Commissioners or to Surveyors of Pavements.

[Penalty.]

Surveyor may require Repair of Pipes and Drains when defective.

Notice to be given to repair them.

f Sic.

To be done v'uhin 48 Hours from Notice; f Sic.

and Notice thereof to Commissioners, fee.

Company to whom the Pipes belong not re-pairing and giving Notice thereof to Surveyor, &c.

C. xxix. 57° GEORGII III. A.D. 1817.

other Person or Persons, all and every the Maps, Plans, Drafts, Surveys, Delineations and Descriptions aforesaid, in the Custody or Power of the said Company or Commissioners of Sewers, and shall permit him or them then and there to take Extracts therefrom, or Copies thereof, or of and from any of them, or any Part of any of them, lo far as may relate to the Mains of Pipes or Pipes, and to the public or common Sewers or Drains which shall be laid or be beneath the Surface of the Streets or public Places within the parochial or other District for which such Surveyor of Pavements, or other Person or Persons appointed by any such Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons having the Control of Pavements, shall be deputed or directed to act.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Secretaries or Clerks, Surveyors or Inspectors, and the several and respective Turncocks employed or appointed, or hereafter being employed or appointed by all and every the Water and Gas Light Companies, any of whose Pipes shall be laid beneath the Surface of any Street or public Place in any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, and also all and every the Clerk and Clerks, Secretary and Secretaries appointed or being hereafter appointed by any Commissioners of Sewers whose Jurisdiction shall extend over the common or public Drains or Sewers within every such parochial or other District, within Forty Days next after the passing of this Act, or within the Space of Five Days next after he or they shall be hereafter severally appointed to such several Offices, Situations or Employments, shall give Notice in Writing to each and every of the Clerk or Clerks to the Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements, or to the Surveyor and Surveyors of the Pavements of each parochial or other District, beneath the Surface of the Streets or public Places wherein the Mains or Pipes of such Company, or any of them, shall be laid, or there shall be any common or public Drains or Sewers within the Jurisdiction of such Commissioners of Sewers, of his, their and every of their Christian and Surnames and Place or Places of Abode, and of the Company or Commissioners of Sewers by whom he or they is or are, or hath or have been so appointed or employed, and also of the Place which is appointed as the Office or Counting House of the said Company or Commissioners of Sewers; and that in case any such Person or Persons shall neglect to give such Notice within the respective times aforesaid, every such Person or Persons so offending in either of the said Cases shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds, to be recovered in the same manner in which Other Penalties and Forfeitures are hereafter directed to be recovered by virtue of this Act.

XV. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as it shall appear to any Person appointed to act as a Surveyor of Pavements in any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, that any Pipe or Pipes, Stopcock, Plug or other Thing belonging to any Water or Gas Light Company, or that any public Sewer beneath the Surface of the Pavement of any Street or public Place within such parochial or other District, be broken or damaged, it shall be lawful for such Surveyor, and he is hereby required, to give immediate Notice, signed by himself, to the Company or Commissioners of Sewers to whom it may appear to him that such Pipe or Stopcock, Plug or other Thing, or Sewer, doth or may belong, by either giving such Notice to a Clerk or Secretary, or to a Turncock of such Company, or to a Clerk or Secretary of such Commissioners of Sewers, or to some or one of them, or by leaving the lame at the Place or Places of Abode of fame or one of them, or at the Office or Counting House of such Company or Commissioners of Sewers, and shall require that such Pipe, Stopcock, Plug or other Thing, or Sewer, be examined, and, if needful, that such Pipe, Stopcock, Plug or other Thing be repaired, altered, amended or renewed, and such Sewer be repaired by such Company or Commissioners of Sewers; and thats within Forty eight Hours after such Notice shall be so given or left as aforesaid, the said Company or Commissioners of Sewers, to or for whom, or to or for whose Officer or Servant such Notice shall have been given or left as aforesaid, shall cause to be taken up the Pavement of the Street or public Place beneath which the Pipe, Stopcock, Plug or other defective Thing, or Sewer, shall be, and shall cause the Ground to be opened, and shall also cause the said Pipe, Stopcock, Plug or other Thing to be substantially repaired, altered, amended or renewed, or the said Sewer to be examined, and, if necessary, to be substantially repaired, and the Ground properly filled in with hard Rubbish or other good Materials, and rammed down j*, within Forty eight Hours next after such Notice shall be given or left as aforesaid, or with all convenient Expedition, in the Judgment of the Commissioners, Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in the parochial or other District wherein such Pavement, Street, or public Place shall be situate, and to their Satisfaction, or the Satisfaction of any Three or more of them; and also within Twelve Hours after such Pipe, Stopcock, Plug or other Thing shall be so substantially repaired, altered, amended or renewed, or such Sewer shall be so substantially repaired, and the Ground above the same shall be so filled in and rammed down, the said Company or Commissioners of Sewers shall cause Notice thereof, signed by the Clerk or Secretary to such Company or Commissioners of Sewers, to be given to the said Surveyor of Pavements, or to the Pavior or Paviors or other Persons then employed or appointed by the Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in such parochial or other District, to pave and repair the Pavements within such parochial or other District, as the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons for the time being may from time to time direct, that such Examination, and, if necessary, such Reparation, Alteration, Amendment or Renewal, hath been made pursuant to such Notice of the Surveyor of Pavements, and that the Ground hath been refilled and rammed down, that the Pavement in such Street or public Place may be forthwith relaid in the manner directed by this Act; and in case the Water or Gas Company, or Commissioners of Sewers, to or for whom such Notice of the Surveyor of Pavements shall have been given or left as aforesaid, and to whom such Pipe, Stopcock, Plug or other Thing or Sewer, referred to in such Notice shall belong, shall neglect to cause the same to be repaired, altered or amended, or renewed, as the case may be, and the Ground to be filled in and rammed down to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in such parochial or other District, or any Three or more of them, within the time hereinbefore limited ^nd appointed for those Purposes, or shall neglect to give

or

A.D. 1817. 5.70 GEORGII III. xxix.

or cause to be given Notice thereof as aforesaid to the said Surveyor of the Pavements, or to the Pavior or Pa-viors, or other Persons employed or appointed by the Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in such parochial or other District, to pave and repair the Pavement within such parochial or other District; then the said Company or.Commissioners of Sewers shall for the first Neglect and Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds, and for the second Neglect and Offence shall forfeit and shall pay the Sum of Eight Pounds, and for the third and every subsequent Neglect and Offence shall forfeit and shall pay the Sum of Ten Pounds, to be recovered in the same manner in which other Penalties and Forfeitures are; directed to be recovered by virtue of this Act.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case it shall happen and it shall be discovered, after any Pavement in any Street or public Place shall have been taken lip, and the Ground shall have been opened, that any Pipe, Stopcock, Plug or other Thing, beneath the Surface of the Pavement of any Street or public Place, which shall have appeared to any Surveyor of Pavements to require to be repaired, altered, amended or renewed, shall not belong to the Water or Gas Company to or for whom such Notice for the Reparation, Alteration, Amendment or Renewal thereof as aforesaid shall have been given or left as is hereinbefore directed by the said Surveyor, but to some other Water or Gas Company, or to some other Persons, then such Company to or for whom the said Notice of the said Surveyor of Pavements shall have been given or left, within Twenty four Hours after the Notice from the said Surveyor of Pavements shall have been given or left as aforesaid, shall cause a Notice, signed by the Secretary or Clerk, to be given in the same manner hereinbefore directed as to the Service of the original Notice to the Company or other Persons to whom the Pipe, Stopcock, Plug or other Thing shall appear to belong, which did appear to the said Surveyor of Pavements

' to require Reparation, Alteration, Amendment or Renewal, and shall thereby require them to obey and perform and comply with the said original Notice from the said Surveyor of Pavements, instead of the Company to whom such original Notice had been given; and that such Company or other Persons to whom such Pipe, Stopcock, Plug or other Thing shall belong, shall reimburse and pay on Demand to the first mentioned Company to or for whom the original Notice may have been given or left, the reasonable Costs and Charges which they shall have incurred in and about taking up the Pavements and opening (he Ground, and shall obey, execute, and perform the said original Notice of the said Surveyor, and the Directions of this Act relating thereto, in such and the same manner, and within such and the same time, in all respects, as if the said original Notice from the said Surveyor had been given to them 5 and they shall be liable to and shall incur the same Penalties and Forfeitures on Neglect so to do, as they ought to have done, or would have been liable to, 'and would have incurred, if the said original Notice had been given to them in manner before directed; and that the Company by whom the Pavements shall be first taken up and the Ground shall be opened, who shall neglect to give the Notices hereby required to the Company to whom the Pipe, Stopcock, Plug or other Thing which shall appear to the Surveyor of the Pavements to require Reparation, Alteration, Amendment or Renewal, shall appear to belong, in manner hereinbefore directed, shall for the first Neglect and Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds, and for the second Neglect and Offence shall forfeit and shall pay the Sum of Eight Pounds, and for the third and every subsequent Neglect and Offence shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds, to be recovered in the same manner in which other Penalties and Forfeitures are herein after directed to be recovered by virtue of this Act.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That whenever after the passing of this Act any Water or Gas Light Company, or Commissioners of Sewers, pursuant to the Pmvisions hereinbefore contained, shall take up or cause to be taken up any Pavement of any Street or public Place in any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, or shall place in any Street or public Place any Pipes or other Materials and Things, for the Purpose of executing any Works beneath the Surface of any Street or public Place, or otherwise, all and every such Works shall be executed and completed within such reasonable time as the Commissioners or

Trustees, or any other Persons having the Control of the Pavements of the Streets and public Places in such parochial or other District, or any Three or more of them, shall from time to time and at any time direct and appoint; and also, that all such Pipes or other Materials and Things shall be and remain on the Surface of any such Street or public Place, and of any Streets or public Places in any parochial or ether District, for no longer Period than shall be unavoidably necessary in the Judgment of the said Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in such parochial or other District, or any Three or more of them; and also that the fame Pipes or other Materials and Things shall be from time to time and at all times removed and taken away off and from the Surface of any and every Street or public Place by the Water or Gas Light Company, or Commissioners of Sewers, or by the Officers or Seryants of the Company, or Commissioners of Sewers, by whom or by whose Order, or by whose Officers or Servants, or for whose Offices or Works, all or any such Pipes or other Materials or Things shall have been brought to and placed on the Surface of such Streets or public Places, or any of them, and at their Costs and Charges, within Forty eight Hours after such Company or Commissioners of Sewers shall have been required to remove and take away the fame by the Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in any such parochial or other District, or any Three or more of them, by a Notice signed by Three or more of such Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons, and given to such Company or Commissioners of Sewers, or left for them at the Dwelling House or Place of Abode of any Secretary or Clerk or Turncock employed by such Company, or of a Clerk or Secretary to such Commissioners of Sewers, or at the Office or Counting House of such Company or Commissioners of Sewers; and that in case any Company or Commissioners of Sewers shall at any time or times neglect to comply with any and every such Notice, and to obey all and every the Directions which the said Commissioners or Trustee or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in any parochial or other District, or any of them, are by this Act authorized and empowered to give, then and in

every

301

First Offence. Second Offence* Subfaprent Offence.

[Penalty.]

Where Notice not made to the proper Company,

Proceedings.

[Penalty.]

Company opening Ground and not giving Notice to Company 10 whom Pipe belongs.

First Offence. Second Offence. Subic aem. Offence.

[Penalty.]

Repairs and Works by Companies, &c. to be executed with all convenient Expedition;

and Pipes, &c. retrieved

within Forty eight Hours on Notice.

Neglecting to comply with Notice.

302

First Offence. Second Offence. Subsequent Offence.

[Penalty.]

Robbifti and Obstructions occaffoned in Streets by the Repairs of Pipes, &c. to be speedily removed

on Notice.

Neglecting,

Penalty 5L

Bars, Watchmen end other Securities are to be provided during Repairs of Pavements, to prevent Accidents,

on Notice.

Neglecting,

Penalty 5l.

Breaches in the Pavement may

C. xxix. 57° GEORGII III. A.D. 1817.

every or any such case such Company or Commissioners of Sewets shall for the First Neglect and Offence forfeit and shall pay the Sum of Five rounds, and for the Second Neglect and Offence shall forfeit and shall pay the Sum of Eight Pounds, and for the Third and every subsequent Neglect ind Offence shall forfeit and shall pay the Sum of Ten Pounds, to be recovered in the same manner in which other Penalties and Forfeitures are directed to be recovered by virtue of this Act.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That all Dirt, Gravel, Filth, Rubbish and other Things, which at any time or times after the passing of this Act shall be placed, collected or occasioned by or by means of any Water or Gas Light Company or Commissioners of Sewers, or of any Repairs or other Works executed % nd performed or intended to be executed and performed by their Officers or Servants, or by their Orders or Directions, or on their Account, in any Streets or public Places in any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, by the taking up of the Pavement of such Streets or public Places, or any of them, or by opening the Ground beneath the Surface of such Streets or public Places, or by the Execution of the Works of any Water or Gas Light Company or otherwise, or which shall be in anywise consequent thereon or incidental thereto, in the Judgment of the Commissioners or Trustees or other Person9 having the Control of the Pavements of the Streets and public Places in any such parochial or other District, or any Three or more of them, shall be from time to time and at all times collected and removed and carried away, by or at the Costs and Charges of such Company or Commissioners of Sewers, with all pradicabk Expedition, and to the Satisfaction of such Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in such parochial or other District, or any Three or more of them 5 and that such Company or Commissioners of Sewers shall especially so do whenever they shall be required so to do by any Notice from such Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in such parochial or other District, or any Three of them, or from any Surveyor of the Pavements appointed by them, signed by them or him, and given to such Company or Commissioners of Sewers, or left for them at the Dwelling House or Place of Abode of any Secretary or Clerk or Turncock employed by such Company Or Commissioners of Sewers, or at any Office or Counting House of such Company, or of any Clerk or Secretary to any such Commissioners of Sewers 5 and that in case any such Company or Commissioners of Sewers mail neglect to coiled!, carry away and remove, or cause to be collected, carried away and removed, from all and every such Streets and public Places, all such Dirt, Gravel, Filth, Rubbish and other Things whatsoever, within Twcntj four Hours after any such Notice shall be from time to time given or left as aforesaid, to the Satisfaction of such Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons by whom any such Notice shall be hgned, then the said Company or Commissioners of Sewers shall for every such Neglect and Offence forfeit and shall pay the Sum of Five Pounds, to be recovered and applied in the same manner in which other Penalties and Forfeitures are herein after directed to be recovered and applied by virtue of this Act.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That from time to time and at all times after the passing of this Act, all and every Water or Gas Light Company or Commissioners of Sewers, who shall take up or shall cause or direct the taking up of any Pavement in any Street or public Place in any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, for the Purpose of laying down or repairing any Pipe or other Thing, or any Sewer or Drain beneath the Surface of any Street or public Place, or for executing any other Works or otherwise, from time to time and at all times, from the Commencement until the Completion of all and every such Works, and from the breaking up of the said Pavement of any Street or public Placfe until the feme Pavement shall be relaid and repaved, at their Costs and Charges (unless the said Works shall be completed during the Day on which the said Works shall be commenced) shall place or cause to be placed such Posts, Rails, Bars or Ropes, Lanthorns and Watchmen, in any and every such Street or public Place, and adopt and execute all such other Means for the Prevention of any Accidents or Mischief to any Passengers, Horses, Cattle or Carriages, and every other public Inconvenience, to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements of the parochial or other District wherein any such Street or public Place shall be situate, or of a Surveyor of Pavements, or other Officer or Person appointed by them, in the manner and whenever from timejto time such Company or Commissioners of Sewers shall be required (b to do by such Surveyor of the Pavements, or any Officer or Person appointed by the Commissioners, Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in such parochial or other District, by any Notice to be signed by him or them, and given to such Company or Commissioners of Sewers, or left fot them at the Dwelling House or Place of Abode of any Secretary or Clerk or Turncock employed by such Company, or of any Clerk or Secretary to any such Commissioners of Sewers, or at any Office or Counting House of such Company or Commissioners or Sewers 5 and that in case any such Company or Commissioners of Sewers, for Three Hours after any such Notice as aforesaid, signed as aforesaid, be given or left as aforesaid, shall neglect to place, or shall neglect to continue for the time before limited, in any Street or public Place, such Posts, Rails, Bars or Ropes, Lanthorns and Watchmen, or to adopt and execute any and every other Means for the Purposes aforesaid, to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners or Trustees or other Penons having the Control of the Pavements of the parochial or other District wherein any such Street or public Place shall be situate, or of a Surveyor of Pavements or other Officer or Person appointed by them, by whom any such Notice shall be signed, pursuant to and in the manner directed by any such Notice as aforesaid given or left as aforesaid, then and in every such case the said Company or Commissioners of Sewers shall for every such Neglect and Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds, to be also recovered in the same manner in which other Penalties andl Forfeitures are herein after directed to be recovered by virtue of this Act.

XX. And be it hereby further enacted, That in case at any time or times hereafter any Pavement in any Streets or public Places in any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act shall by the

breaking

A.D. 1817. 57° GEORGII III. xxix.

breaking or faffing in o^Decay of auy Sewer or Drain, Ceffpool or Watercourse, or any Pipe or Pipes, Stopcock, Plug or other Thing, become broken or irregular, so as to be dangerous or hazardous to Passengers or Carriages, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Surveyor of the Pavements for any such parochial or other District to cause and direct such Part of the Pavements of any Streets or Public Places as he shall deem £o dangerous or hazardous to be forthwith inclosed, in such manner, by such persons, and with such Materials as be may dire ft, and as may be needful to prevent such Danger and Hazard to Passengers or Carriages; and that the Coils and Charges incurred thereabouts shall be ascertained and determined by nim, and shall be paid and discharged by the Commissioners of Sewers, Water or Gas Company, or other Person or Persons to whom the Sewer or Drain, Ceffpool or Watercourse, Pipe or Pipes, Stopcock, Plug or other Thing so broken, fallen in or decayed, and by the Breach, falling in or Decay whereof such Breach or Irregularity of the Pavements as aforesaid may have been occasioned, and shall and may be certified to them or him, and be paid by them or him within the time, and shall and may be recovered from them or him in such and the same manner as is by this Act directed, limited and authorized as to any Monies to become due from any Persons whomsoever for the Coils and Charges of repairing or paving or repaving any Pavements of any Streets or public Places by the Conunissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in any Streets or public Places in any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act*

XXI. And be it further encted. That no Water Company whole Mains or Pipes shall be laid beneath the Surface of any Street or public Place in any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, shall j>lace or set up, or cause to be placed or set up, any Stand Cock or Pump, or other Instrument, Machine or Thing, for the Supply of Water in times of Pro ft or otherwise, in any public Street or Place within the Jurisdiction of this Act, which shall be furnished with any other than a Metal Cock and Spout, to be to the Satisfaction of the Surveyor of the Pavements for such parochial or other District for the time being; and that any Water Company who shall set up or cause to be set up any other Stpnd Cock, Pump or other Instrument, Machine or Thing, furpished with any other than a Metal Cock and Spout, in any Street or public Place, and which shall not be to the Satisfaction of the Surveyor of the Pavements for such parochial or other District, shall forfeit and shall pay for every such Offence the Sum of Twenty Shillings, to be recovered in the same manner in which other Penalties and Forfeitures are herein after directed to be recovered by virtue of this Act.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Water or Gas Light Company, or Commissioners of Sewers, at any time or times after the passing of this Act, shall neglect to take up the Pavement in any Street or public Place in any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act; or to open any Ground beneath the Surface or such Street or public Place; or substantially to repair, alter, amend or renew any Pipe, Plug, Stopcock or other Thing, or any public Sewer, as the case may be; or to give the Notices required by this Act to any other Company, or to any Paviors. Surveyors of Pavements or other Persons; or to remove or take away any Pi{3es or other Materials or Things from any Street or public Place; or to collect apd cany away or remove all Dirt, Gravel, Filth, Rubbish and other Things, from any Street or public Place; or to {dace and continue Posts, Rails, Bars or Ropes, Lanthorns and Watchmen, in any Street or public Place; or to do and execute all and every such Works and Things, and all or any other Works and Things directed and required by this Act to be done and executed by any inch Company pr Commissioners of Sewers, and pursuant to any Notice given or left as herein directed by any Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in the Streets or pnbuc Places within any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act; or by the Surveyors of Pavements, or other Officers err Persons appointed by them or otherwise, and to their respective Satisfaction, and within the several times and Periods specifiedand directed by this Act; then and in every or any of such cases, and at all times afterwards, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Surveyor of the Pavement of the parochial or other District wherejn the Street or public Place shall be situate as to which any such Neglect shall occur, and all and every such Surveyors are hereby empowered and required, forthwith to cause all and every such several Works, Matters and Things, which shall not be executed and performed by every such Company or Commissioners of Sewers, pr which shall not be well, substantially and effectually executed and performed to his or their Satisfaction, or to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons by wlu>m he or they shall be appointed, within the times and Periods limited by this Act, to be well and effectually performed, to his or their Satisfaction, or to the Satisfaction of such Commissioners or Truste'es or other Persons as aforesaid, as herein provided, at the Costs and Charges of such Company or Commissioners of Sewers who shall have so neglected well, substantially and effectually to perform and execute the fame, and every of them, and every Part thereof; and that such Costs and Charges and every of them shall be reimbursed and paid by any and every such Company or Commissioners of Sewers to such Surveyor or Surveyors of Pavements, or to the Person or Persons employed by him or them to perform and execute any or every of such Works, or to the Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements of the parochial or other District within which such Works shall be performed and executed, or to their Treasurer, or to such other Person or Persons as such Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons shall from time to time appoint to receive the same; and that the Amount of such Costs and Charges, and of the Monies so to be paid, being directed by the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Per-Cobb, shall be ascertained and notified, and certified and recovered, (over and above all and every the Penalties and Forfeitures which may be incurred for any such Neglect by virtue of this Act, ) in the same manner in which any Costs and Charges which may be incurred, and any Monies which may become due, for and about and in respect of the relaying or repairing of any Pavements hereafter broken or taken up in any Streets or public Places by or by the Direction or on Account of any Company, Commissioners of Sewers or other Per* fat*, are to be ascertained and notified and certified, and may be recovered by virtue of this Act.

XXHL Aftd

303

be inclosed by Surveyor.

By whom cods paid.

Stand Cocks placed during Froftt,

to the Satisfaction of Surveyor.

Penalty aoc.

Work* neglected by Companies, &c.

may be executed by Surveyors of Pavements.

Charges reimbursed to Surveyor by Commissioners.

The Amount thereof ascertained and recovered.

34

Pavements taken up by

Companies, &c. to be relaid by Commissioners of Pavements.

Charges thereof ascertained and certified,

and repaid to them by Such Companies, &c.

f Sic.

or Double the Amount recovered.

Proceedings.

C. xxix. 57° GEORGII III. A.D. 1817.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That when and as often as any Pavement of any Streets or public Places in any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act shall be broken or taken up by any Water or Gas Light Company, or by any Commissioners of Sewers, or by any Person or Persons acting by or under their respective Orders or Authorities, or by any other Person or Persons by the Directions of this Act, or by and with or without the Consent of the Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control-of the Pavements in any parochial or other District wherein any Street or public Place shall be situate the Pavements whereof or any Part whereof shall be broken or taken up, then all such Part and Parts of the Pavements of any such Street or public Place*which from time to time and at all times shall be so broken or taken up as aforesaid, and the Pavement contiguous thereto, as far as may be rendered necessary in the Judgment of a Surveyor of Pavements to such Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in such parochial or other District, and after the Ground opened shall be refilled and rammed down pursuant to the Directions of this Act, shall be with all convenient Speed completely and substantially repaved, with all necessary Stones, Ballast, Gravel and other Materials, and shall be kept in complete Repair, by the Pavior or Mason then contracting with or employed by such Commissioners or Trustees or other. Persons, or by such Person or Persons as they may from time to time appoint for that Purpose, under the Inspection and Direction and to the Satisfaction of the said Surveyor of Pavements to the said ComraiL floners or Trustees or other Persons, for the Periods following; (that is to say), all such Part or Parts of the Pavements of any such Street or public Place, which from time to time and at all times shall be so broken or taken up as aforesaid, and the Pavement contiguous theretq as aforesaid, which shall be so broken or taken up for the Purpose of making and laying down any Main or Mains of Pipes, or of substituting Iron for Wooden Pipes, or of making any Sewer, Vault or Drain, for Twelve Calendar Months next ensuing the breaking and taking up of the fame Pavements; and all such Part or Parts of the Pavements of any such Street or public Place, which from time to time and at 9II times shall be so broken or taken up as aforesaid, and the Pavement contiguous thereto as aforesaid, which shall be so broken or taken up for the Purpose of altering the Postion of or of repairing any Pipes, Stopcocks or Plugs, or of repairing, cleansing or altering any Sewer, Vault or Drain, for Three Calendar Months next ensuing the breaking and taking up the fame Pavements; and that the Costs, Charges and Expences of taking out any Ground, and filling in hard Rubbish Qr other good Mate-, rials, and of repairing and keeping in necessary Repair for the Periods aforesaid all or any such Pavement in manner aforesaid, and all the Expences of Cartage, and all other Charges and Expences attending the fame, as well as all Costs and Charges which may be incurred pursuant to the Directions of this Act by any Surveyor of Pavements in and about executing and performing any Works or Matters neglected to be executed and performed by any Company or Commissioners of Sewers, as hereinbefore directed, shall be ascertained and fixed from time to time by the Surveyor of Pavements to such Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons within wbdfe parochial or other District such Works or other Matters shall have been performed and executed, or such Pavements shall have been broken up and repaved; and such Costs and Charges from time to time, whenever directed by the said Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons, shall be certified by their Clerk or Clerks, Surveyor or Surveyors of Pavements, or one of them, or some other Officer or Servant appointed by them, by a Note to be given to the said Company or Commissioners of Sewers or other Persons who shall have neglected to perform and execute such Wdtks, or by whom or by whose Orders or Authorities or on whose Account such Pavement shall have been broken or taken up, or to be left for such Company, Commissioners of Sewers, or other Person or Persons, at their Dwelling House or Dwelling Houses, or Place or Places of Abode, or at any Office or Counting House of any such Company or Commissioners of Sewers, or at the Dwelling House or Place of Abode of any Secretary, Clerk or Turncock employed by such Company, or of any Clerk or Secretary to any such Commissioners of Sewers; and that the full Amount of the Costs and Charges so certified shall be paid within Two Months after the fame Note shall be given or left as aforesaid, by such Company or Commissioners of Sewers, or other Person or Persons to or for whom the fame Note shall have been given or left as aforesaid, to the Surveyor of Pavements, or to the Treasurer to such Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements as aforesaid, or to the Mason or Pavior or other Person or Persons by whom any such Works or Matters shall have been done and performed, or to such other Person or Persons as the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons, by the said Note of their Clerk or Clerks, Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Officer or Servant, shall direct and appoint to receive the same, or any Part thereof; and the Receipt or Receipts of the Person or Persons so appointed to receive the same shall be a good and effectual Discharge or Discharges for any and every such Payment, and for all and every the Monies in any such Receipt or Receipts expressed and acknowledged to have been received j and also that in case at any time or times the full Amount of such Costs and Charges so certified as aforesaid shall not be so fully paid without any Deduction or Abatement whatsoever, within Two Months after such Note as aforesaid shall have been given or left*t* aforesaid, and although no other Demand shall be made Of any such Amount or Costs and Charges, or any Part thereof, then from time to time and at all times afterwards it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements as aforesaid, to recover Double the Amount of such Costs and Charges so certified and being unpaid, of and from the Company or Commissioners of Sewers, or other Person or Persons to or for whom such Note shall have been given or left as aforesaid, either by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Company or Commissioners of Sewers or other Person or Persons, by a Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any Justice of the Peace for the City, Borough or County wherein such parochial or other District shall be situate, and which Warrant every such Justice is hereby empowered and required to grant, upon Proof of the Service of such Note as aforesaid, and of the Nonpayment of the Costs and Charges thereby certified, by the Gath or Affirmation of the Person who shall have left any such Note as directed by this Act, and by

12 the

305

A.D. 1817. 57° GEORGII III. Cxxix.

the Oath or Affirmation of the Person or Persons appointed by such Note to receive such Costs and Charges of the Nonpayment thereof, and every Part thereof, to him or them, and which Oath or Affirmation any and every such Justice of the Peace is hereby empowered and required to administer, or to recover the fame and every Part thereof in any Court or Courts of Requests or County Court, or by any Action or Actions in any Court of Law; and that in any such Proceedings in any Court or Courts of Requests or County Court, or in any'fetch Action or Actions, it shall be only necessary for the said Commissioners or Trustees or other.Persons, or the Complainant or Complainants, Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, in any such Proceedings or Actions, to prove the Service of such Note pursuant to the Directions of this Act, to entitle him or them to recover by such Proceedings, or by such Action or Actions, from the said Company or Commissioners of Sewers or other Person or Persons, Double the full Amount of such Costs and Charges so certified by such Note, unless the said Company or Commissioners of Sewers or other Person or Persons shall prove, upon the Return of the Sum-jnons in such Proceedings in any Court or Courts of Requests or County Court, or on the Trial of such Action or Actions, the actual Payment of the full Amount of the Costs and Charges so certified, within Two Months after the said Note was left as aforesaid, to the Person or Persons thereby appointed to receive the same; and that in any and every such Action or Actions, no E/Toign, Protection or Wager of Law, or Plea in Abate-raertt, or any dilatory Plea, or more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed. - r

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That it may be lawful to and for the Persons, who, under any local Act or Acts of Parliament for any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, are empowered to make Rates and Assessments for the Expences of paving or keeping in Repair the Pavements of any Streets or public Places within such parochial or other Districts, either separately or jointly with-other Purposes, from time to time and at all times after the passing of this Act, for and notwithstanding any Provisions or Restrictions, Matters or Things, in such local Act or Acts of Parliament contained, to make and lign all and every or any such Rates or Assessments as shall be from time, to time necessary or expedient for paving or repairing the Pavements of the Streets and public Places within such parochial or other District, pursuant to the Direction of the local Act or Acts of Parliament for such parochial or other District, or of this Act; and for the Payment of all Debts or Charges heretofore incurred^or hereafter to be incurred in and about the Execution gf such local Act or Acts of Parliament and of this Act, or either of them, as to the paving and repairing the Pavements of and in such parochial or other District 5 and for the Payment of any interest or Annuities charged or chargeable on the Paving Rates of the said parochial or other District, or for the Payment of any principal Monies which may be due iu respect thereof, either.separately or jointly for other Purposes, as to such Persons shall seem reasonable and proper, not exceeding in Amount in any one Year double the Sum or Sums in the Pound limited and fixed in the local Act or Acts of Parliament for such parochial or other District as the Rate or Rates in the Pound which may be made for and towards the Charges of paving and repairing the Pavements therein, and either separately or jointly with any other Objects or Purposes; except in such parochial or other Districts wherein the Sum or Sums in the Pound limited and fixed in the local Act or Acts of Parliament for each of such parochial or other Districts, as such Rate or Rates in the Pound, are at the time of the passing of this Act limited and fixed at a. Sum not exceeding One Shilling in the Pound, and in any such parochial or other District not exceeding in Amount m any. one-Year treble the Sum or Sums in the Pound so limited and fixed 5 and that such Rates or A/fe/Tmentg may be either substituted for the Rates or Assessments directed by such local Act or Acts of .Parliament to be made for or in respect of the paving and keeping in Repair the Pavements of such parochial or other District, either separately or exclusively or jointly with any other Objects or Purposes, or may be additional thereto, as the Persons making the said Rates or A/Teffraents from time to time at the making thereof may determine and direct; and that such Rates and A/Te/Tments, and also all Rates or A/Te/Tments made and signed from and after the pa/Iing of this Act, for and in respect of or towards the paving or repairing the Pavements of the Streets or public Places in any parochial or other District, and either separately or jointly with or towards any other Objects or Purposes, by virtue of any local Act or Acts of Parliament, or by virtue of this Act, shall be laid upon all and every Person or Persons who do and shall inhabit, hold, occupy, be in Possession of or enjoy, any Messuages, Tenements, Lands, Grounds, Coach Houses, Stables, Cellars, Vaults, Houses, Shops, Warehouses or other Buildings or Hereditaments, situate or being within any of the Streets or Places within the said parochial or other District, and shall be just and equal Pound Rates, and shall be laid according to the annual Rents or Value of such Messuages, Tenements, Lands, Grounds, Coach Houses, Stables, Cellars, Vaults, Houses, Shops, Warehouses or other Buildings and Hereditaments respectively; and also that all Rates or Affe/Tments hereafter made by virtue of this Act shall be made and signed and allowed and pirblished by the fame Persons and in the same manner as hath been directed by the local Act or Acts of Parliament relating to each particular parochial or other District, as to the Rates or Assessments fur such parochial or other District for and towards the Expences of paving and repairing the Pavements therein, and either separately or jointly with any other Objects and Purposes, by such local Act or Acts of Parliament; and that all such Rates or Assessments, being so made and signed and allowed and published (when such Signature, Allowance and Publication shall be necessary), shall be good and effectual; and that all and every such Rates and A/Te/Tments to be made by virtue of this Act, or to be hereafter made by virtue of any local Act or Acts of Parliament, for any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, shall become due and payable and may be received and recovered as soon as the fame ./hall have been duly made and signed, published and allowed, when such Signature, Publication and Allowance shall be jiecessary under any local Act or Acts of Parliament for any such parochial or other District 5 but that the lame may be collected in one or fevqral Payments, or yearly or half yearly, or quarterly, as the Commissioners cr Trustees, or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in the Streets or public Places of any, 57 Geo. III. R r such

Necessary Paving Rates may be made by Persons herein mentioned;

not exceeding is. in the Pound.

Upon whom laid.

Laid according to Annual Rent or Value, and to be published, &c.

At what times, and how collected.

3°6

Prorifo for Occupiers of public Wharfs in Southwark.

Separate Rates may be made for other Objects.

To whom to be paid.

If adequate Rates be not otherwise made,

Commissioners, &c. may make Pound Rates.

Other Rates may be inspe£i-ed, to assist in preparing such Paving Rates;

C. xxix. 57° GEORGII III. A.D. 1817.

such parochial or other District, shall from time to time think proper and direct: Provided nevertheless, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to render the Inhabitants and Occupiers of public Wharfs within the Town and Borough of Southwark liable to a greater Proportion of such Rates or Assessments than they now are liable to under the local Acts of Parliament relating to the Pavements and Improvements of the said Town and Borough of Southwark.

XXV. Provided always, and be it also enacted, That in any parochial or other District wherein by virtue of the local Act or Acts of Parliament One general Rate or Assessment only is directed to be made for the paving and repairing of the Pavements therein, as well as for other Objects and Purposes mentioned in such local Act or Acts of Parliament, it may be lawfol to and for the Persons authorized by such local Act or Acts to make such Rate or Assessment, to make and sign from time to time such separate Rates or Assessments for the other Objects and Purposes mentioned in such local Act or Acts of Parliament, and to make and sign such other separate Rate or Assessment as may be necessary for the Purposes of paving or repairing the Pavements of such parochial or other Didrift, and for the Payment of any Ifaterest or Annuities chargeable thereon, or for the Payment of any principal Monies due or which may become due in respect thereof under and by virtue of this Act, or shall and may make and sign from time to time general Rates or Assessments, as well for and towards the Expences of and concerning the paving or repairing the Pavements of such parochial or other District* for all and every or any of the other Objects and Purposes relating to the said parochial or other District mentioned in any such local Act or Acts of Parliament, as such Persons authorized by such local Act or Acts to make such Rates or Assessments shall from time to time deem most expedient 5 and that the Monies to be raised under and by virtue of such several separate Rates or Assessments, or general Rates or Assessments, when and as they shall be collected and received* or any Portions of such general Rates or Assessments, shall be either paid to One Treasurer or other Person or Persons, and be considered as One general Fund* to be applied to the Purposes mentioned in such local Act or Acts of Parliament and in this Act, or shall be paid to different Treasurers or other Person or Persons, and be considered as separate and didinft Funds, to be applied in Part for and towards the Expences of and concerning the Pavements of the Streets and public Places in each of such parochial or other Districts, and in other Part towards the other Objects and Purposes for which the several separate Rates and Assessments or general Rates or Assessments shall be made* as the Person9 authorized to make such separate Rates or Assessments, or such general Rates or Assessments, from time to time at the making and signing thereof may determine and direct.

XXVI. And be it'Further enacted, That if the Persons authorized by any local Act or Acts of Parliament for any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act to make the Rates and Assessments for and towards the Expences of paving or keeping in Repair the Pavements of any Streets or public Places within such parochial or other District, jointly or separately with any other Objects or Purposes, shall refuse or neglect to make such Rates or Assessments from time to time as shall be necessary for paving and repairing the Pavements of and within such parochial or other District, and for the Payment of any Interest or Annuities charged on the paving or other Rates of such parochial or other District, and for the Discharge of any Debts due and demandable in respect of the Pavements thereof, and for all the Purposes of this Act, after defraying the Charges and Expences attendant upon and of the other Objects and Purposes fofr which any such Rates or Assessments may from time to time be made, then and in every such case, and so often as it shall happen, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements of the Streets and public Places within such parochial or other District, and they are hereby required, to meet together, and having ascertained the Money necessary to be raised for the Purposes aforesaid, the said Commissioners or Trustees OY other Persons, or such Number of them as, under and by virtue of their particular local Act or Acts of Parliament or of this Act, shall be competent to aftT, or more of them, shall make and sign such just and equal Pound Rates or Assessments as may from time to time be needful to produce and obtain such Money necessary to be raised for the Purposes aforesaid } and that such Rates or Assessments shall be made and allowed and published in the manner before directed as to Rates and Assessments to be made by virtue of this Act, where afcy Allowance or Publication shall be necessary under any local Act or Acts of Parliament for any such parochial or other District, and which Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, being so made and signed, published and allowed, when such Signature, Publication or Allowance shall be rtecessary as aforesaid, shall be deemed and taken to be as good, valid and effectual, and shall and may be collected and levied in like manner, as if the fame had been made and signed by the Persons authorized to make and sign such paving or other Rates or Assessments for such parochial or other District by virtue of any local Act or Acts of Parliament; any such Act or Acts, or any other Custom, Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Clerk or Clerks, or any other Person or Persons appointed by the Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements of the Streets and public Places in any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, tinder any local Act or Acts of Parliament, or by the Persons authorized by any such local Act or Acts of Parliament, or by virtue of this Act, to make any Rates or Assessments for or towards the paving and repairing the Pavements of the Streets and public Places within any such parochial or other District, either Separately or jointly with any other Objects or Purposes as hereinbefore is mentioned, at any time or times between the Hours of Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon and Four of the Clock in the Afternoon, on any Day not being a Sunday» or an Holiday appointed by Law, to peruse, examine attd inspect the Book or Books of the Rates or Assessments for the Relief of the Poor, or for the Land or Assessed Taxes, or of any other public, parliamentary, parochial or local Tax affeftrng or charged upon or in proportion to the Messuages or Hereditaments inhabited, held or occupied by any Person or Persons within any such parochial or other District, in order that thereby the Names of such Persons liable' to be assessed to such paving or other Rates or Assessments,

and

A.D. 1817. 57° GEORGII III. xxix.

and the Messuages or Hereditament* in respect whereof such Person or Persons should be charged to such Rates or Assessments, and the Value of such Messuages or Hereditaments, may be more correctly ascertained; and that such Clerk or Clerks or other Person or Persons so appointed, at the Expence of the Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons by whom he or they shall be employed or appointed may then take Copies or Extrads from such Books and Rates and Assessments at his or their Pleasure; and the Clerk or Clerks, Col-le&or or Collectors, or other Persons having the Custody or Power over such Books and Rates and Assessments, shall and he and they is and are hereby aireded to produce the fame, and all and every of them, whenever thereunto required by the Clerk or Clerks or other Persons so appointed as aforesaid for the Purposes aforesaid, by a Notice hgned by such Clerk or Clerks or other Person or Persons so appointed as aforesaid, given to or left for him or them, or any of them, at his or their or any of their Dwelling House or Dwelling Houses, Office or Offices, or last or usual Place or Places of Abode, at the Hour and on the Day and at the Dwelling House or Office mentioned in such Notice; and that if such Clerk or Clerks, Collector or Collectors, or other Person or Persons having for the time being the Custody or Power of such Book or Books, Assessment or Assessments, shall neglect so to do, then he or they shall forfeit for such Offence and, Neglect and shall pay the Sum of Five Pounds, to be recovered in the same manner in which other Forfeitures and Penalties are herein after directed to be recovered by virtue of this Act,

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Messuages or other Hereditaments shall be partly within Two or more parochial or other Districts within the Jurisdiction of this Act, or partly within any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, and partly without such Jurisdiction, then tho Inhabitant, Holder or Occupier thereof, or other Person or Persons liable to be rated in respect thereof shall be rated and assessed to the Rates and Assessments to be made by virtue of any local Act or Ad9 of Parliament relating to the Pavements of each of such parochial or other Districts, jointly or separately with any other Objects or Purposes, or by virtue of this Act, to the paving and other such Rates and Assessments, for each of such parochial or other Districts, for a proportionable Part of the Rent or Value thereof, according to the Quantity or Extent or Value of the Part of any such Meffudges or other Hereditaments which may be in each of such parochial or other Districts; and that it shall and maybe lawful for any Commissioners or Trustees, or any other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in each of such parochial or other Districts, and they are hereby respectively authorized and required, to ascertain, settle and determine in what Proportion of the Rent or Value of such Messuages or Hereditaments such Person or Persons shall be rated and assessed and shall pay towards the said paving and other Rates or Assessments of each of such parochial or other Districts respectively.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That if it shall appear to the Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in any Streets or public Places in any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, at any time or times after any Paving Rate or Assessment shall have been duly made, or made and allowed, by virtue of any local Act or Acts of Parliament for their parochial or other District, or by virtue of this Act, that the Name or Names of any Person or Persons who ought to be included in such Rate or Assessment hath or have been omitted therein, or that the Name or Names of some Person or Persons hath or have been inserted in such Rate or Assessment as Inhabitants, Holders or Occupies* of any Messuages or Hereditaments, for and in respect of which some other Person or Persons ought to have been rated or assessed, or that any other Alteration or Amendment of such Rate or Assessment may be necessary, then and in any or either of such cases it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons to add or insert, or cause to be added and inserted, to or in such Rate or Assessment, the Name or Names of the Person or Persons so omitted, together with the Sum or Sums for which he or they ought to be rated and assessed, and the Amount of such Rate or Assessment in respect thereof; and also to insert and substitute, or cause to be inserted and substituted, the Name or Names of such Person or Persons as may be the Inhabitants, Holders or Occupiers of any Messuages or Hereditaments, instead of and for the Name or Names of the Person or Persons incorredly inserted in such JRate or Assessment as the Inhabitants, Holders or Occupiers of any Messuages or Hereditaments, and otherwise from time to time to alter and amend the said Rate and Assessment as they may from time to time deem necessary; and that every such Addition, Insertion, Alteration and Amendment, to or in any such Rate or Assessment, shall be valid and effectual in Law to all Intents and Purposes, and the Monies charged to any Person or Persons in consequence thereof shall and may be demanded, received and recovered in the same manner as if the Name or Names of such Person or Persons, or other Alteration or Amendment, had been inserted and made in such Rate or Assessment at the time of or previous to the original making or Signature or Allowance or Publication thereof, where any Signature or Allowance or Publication may be required by the said local Act or Acts.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That it may be lawful to and for the Commissioners, Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements of the Streets or public Places in any parochial or otheF District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, to include in any Rate or Assessment for or towards the Coils and Charges of paving or repairing the Pavement of and within such parochial or other District, either jointly or separately with any other Objects or Purposes, to be hereafter made by virtue of the respectiv* local Act or Acts relating to the Pavements of such parochial or other District, or to such Pavements and other Objects, or by virtue of this Act, and from time to time to rate and assess thereby any cathedral, collegiate or other Church or Churches, parochial and other Chapels, Meeting Houses, Places for Religious Worship, Hospitals, public Schools, and all other public Buildings within each of such parochial or other Districts, which now is or hereafter may be built, and all other Place or Places which by any local Act or Acts of Parliament relating to any particular parochial or other District may be or are or ia liable to be

R r t rated

307

and Copies taken at the Expence of Commissioners, &c.

Rates to be produced on Notice.

Penalty 5l.

Property in different Districts to be proportion ally assessed.

Commissioners, ftc. may rettify Orai(lions or Errors in Paving Rates.

Public Buildings to be rated.

Cathedrals, Churches, Hospitals, &c.

f Sic.

Church Yards, Dead Walk, See

f Sic.

By whom Rates paid for Cathedrals, See.;

for Hospitals; for public Schools;

Sessions Houses, See.;

for Cemeteries, &c. not being parochial;

Dead Walls, See.

any other Place liable by local Acts.

How recovered and applied.

Rates of Premises let to Am-baffadors, &c. payable by Landlords.

Kmpty House; , ho.v rateable.

C. xxix. 57° GEORGII III. A.D. 1817.

rated or assessed for those Purposes, or any of them, at a Rate not exceeding in any one Year the Sum of One Shilling for every Square Yard of the Foot, Carriage Way, and other Pavements contained in One Half of the entire Width of as much of any and every Street or public Place as shall or may lay + before or at the Sides or Rear of, or abut upon or adjoin to such Cathedral, collegiate, or other Church or Churches, parochial and other Chapels, Meeting Houses, Places for Religious Worship, Hospitals, public Schools, and other public Buildings or Place or Places respectively, or before, upon or to the Areas or Ground in front of or surrounding or belonging to the fame, or any Part or Parts thereof, or the Entrance to the fame; and also to rate and assess thereby all and every the Church Yards, Cemeteries or other Burying Places, dead Walls, and void Spaces of Ground within such parochial or other District, and which are not charged to such Rate or Assessment in respect of any Messuage or other Building whereunto they may be appurtenant, at a Rate not exceeding in any one Year the Sum of One Shilling for every Square Yard of the Foot and Carriage Way, and other Pavements contained in One Half of the entire Width of as much of any and every such Street or public Place as shall or may lay + before or at the Sides or Rear of, or abut upon or adjoin to such Church Yards, Cemeteries or other Burying Places, dead Walls and void Spaces of Ground, or any Part or Parts thereof 5 and that every of the said Rates or Assessments so made from time to time shall be paid for such Cathedral, collegiate or other Churches, parochial and other Chapels, Meeting. Houses, Places for Religious Worship, Hospitals, public Schools, and other public Buildings, Church Yards, Cemeteries or other Burying Places, dead Walls and void Spaces of Ground, by the Persons following; (that is to say), the Rates or Assessments of and for any Cathedral or collegiate Church, by the Dean and Chapter thereof; and of and for any other Churches or parochial Chapels, and Church Yards and parodiial Cemeteries, by the Churchwardens or Chapelwardens thereof respectively for the time being; and the Rates or Assessments of or for any Hospitals, by the Stewards or Housekeepers of such Hospitals for the time being; and the Rates or Assessments of or1 for any public Schools, by the Mailers or Mistresses of such public Schools' for the time being; and the Rates or Assessments of and for any Sessions Houses or Gaols, or Courts of Jirftice, by the Clerk or Clerks of the Peace for the City, Borough or County for the time being; and the Rates or Assessments of and for any other public Buildings, by the Housekeeper or other Keepers, or other Person or Persons having the Care of such other public Buildings as aforesaid for the time being; and that such Rates or Assessments of and for any other Cemeteries or Burial Places, not being parochial, shall be paid by the Owners or Proprietors thereof respectively, or by the Persons who for the time being shall receive the Money which shall be paid for the Interment of the Dead therein 5 and such Rates or Assessments of and for any other Chapels or Meeting Houses and Places for Religious Wor(hij» (not being parochial) shall be paid by the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, Occupier or Occupiers thereof respectively, or any Person or Persons who shall receive or collect any Money for the Seats or Pews therein, or any other Money arising therefrom; and such Rates or Assessments of and for such dead Walls or void Spaces of Ground shall be paid by the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, Occupier or Occupiers thereof respectively, or the Person or Persons claiming to be the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of any void Spaces of Ground, when there shall be no actual Occupier or Occupiers thereof respectively, as the Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in any such parochial or other District shall from time to time direct; and that all and every such Persons respectively shall be charged with and shall pay such Sums of Money as shall from time to time be rated, assessed or iraposed on or in respect of or for the said Preraifes respectively; and the Rates or Assess-. ments for any other Place or Places which by any such local Act or Acts as aforesaid may be or is or are liable to be rated and assessed, shall be paid by such Person or Persons, Officer or Officers, as by the fame local Act or Acts are directed to pay the Rates thereby authorized to be made and assessed; and that the fame Rates and Assessments may be recovered from all and every such Persons respectively, and be applied, in such manner as other Rates and Assessments made for and towards the Expences of paving and repairing the Pavements, either separately or jointly with any other Objects and Purposes, are directed to be recovered and applied by any local Act or Acts relating to the Pavements and other Objects and Purposes of such parochial or other District, or in and by this Act.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That every Rate or Assessment which at any time or times hereafter shall be made, laid or assessed, by virtue of this Act, or by virtue of any local Act or Acts of Parliament, for or towards the paving or repairing the Pavements of the Streets or public Places in any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, and either exclusively or jointly with or for any other Objects or Purposes, for or in respect of any Messuage or Hereditament which any Ambassador, Envoy, Resident Agent, or other public Minister of any Foreign Prince or State, or the Servant of any such Ambassador, Envoy, Resident Agent, or other public Minister, or any other Person who may not be liable by Law to pay such Rate or Assessment, now doth or hereafter shall inhabit, shall be paid by and recoverable from the Landlord or Owner of every such Messuage or Hereditament, who shall be liable and compellable to the Payment thereof; and the same shall be recovered from such Landlord or Owner in such and the same manner as the other Rates or Assessments made by virtue of this Act, or by virtue of any local Act or Acts of Parliament, for or towards the paving or repairing the Pavements of the Streets or public Places in any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, either exclusively or jointly with or for any other Objects or Purposes, may be recovered from any other Owner or Occupier of any Messuages or Hereditaments either by virtue of this Act or of any such local Act or Acts.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That where any Messuages or Hereditaments, at the time of making any of the Rates or Assessments directed to be made under or by virtue of this Act, or of any local Act or Acts of Parliament, for or towards the paving or repairing the Pavements of the Streets or public Places in any.

: parochial

A.D. 1817.

57° GEORGII TIL

£.xxix. 309

Rates may be recovered for small Houses let at small Rems, or to weekly or monthly Loggers.

parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, either exclusively or jointly with or for any other .Objects or Purposes, shall be empty, untenanted or unoccupied, then and in every such case it shall and may be lawful to and for the Person or Persons entitled by any local Act or Acts of Parliament or by this Act to make such Rates or Assessments for such parochial or other District, to rate and assess such Messuages or Hereditaments respectively at One Half of such Rates or Assessments during the time only that such Messuages or Hereditaments shall be empty, untenanted or unoccupied; and also in case any such Premises, after the making of such Rates or Assessments, shall become empty, untenanted or unoccupied, One Half only of such Rate or Assessment shall be charged on such Premises respectively for and during so long time as the lame shall continue empty, untenanted and unoccupied 5 and then and in any of the said cases, the said Rates or Assessments, and all Arrears due thereon, shall be paid by the Owner or Owners, or by the first or any other gy whom fi.«.h Tenant or Occupier thereof respectively; and in which last case every such Tenant or Occupier shall and may Rates paid, and is hereby authorized to dedud and detain the fame out of his or their Rent or Rents respectively, and the Owner or Owners of such Messuages^r Hereditaments is and are hereby required to allow such Deduction and Payment out of his or their respective Rent or Rents, and the said Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers, shall be and is and are hereby acquitted and discharged of and from so much of his or their Rent or Rents as shall be the Amount of any such Rates or Assessments, and all Arrears due thereon so paid by him or them in respect of such Messuages or Hereditaments, during such Period as the same shall have been empty, untenanted, and unoccupied, previous to his or their Tenancy or Occupation thereof.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That as to and for any Messuages or other Hereditaments in any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, the yearly Value of any of which Messuages or Hereditaments shall not exceed Twenty Pounds, or which shall be let to weekly or monthly Tenants, or shall be let furnished or in Lodgings, or in Separate Apartments, or at Rents which shall become payable and to be collected at any shorter Periods than quarterly, the Owner or Owners of all and every such Messuages or Hereditaments (for the Purposes of this Act, but not as to any .Settlement which may be gained by any Person or Persons in respect of his, her or their renting or occupying such Messuages or Hereditaments, or any Part or Parts thereof, ) shall be deemed and taken to be the Occupier and Occupiers of such Messuages or Hereditaments, and may be rated and assessed for and in respect of the fame accordingly 5 and that the Person or Persons letting such Messuages or Hereditaments respectively, or claiming or receiving the Rents and Proceeds thereof, may be from time to time deemed and considered to be the Owner and Owners thereof; and that all and every such Owner and Owners from time to time and at all times hereafter may be rated and assessed to and by any Rates or Assessments made or to be made for or towards the Expence of paving Or repairing the Pavements of the Streets or public Places in the parochial or other District within which such Messuages or Hereditaments may be situate, either exclusively or jointly with or for any other Objects or Purposes, either by virtue of any local Act or Acts of Parliament relating to such parochial or other District, or of this Act, as the Occupier or Occupiers of such Messuages or Hereditaments respectively, unless the Person or Persons making such Rates or Assessments by virtue of any such local Act or Acts, or of this Act, shall from time to time prefer and determine to rate the actualOccupier or Occupiers of such Messuages or Hereditaments respectively 5 and the Person or Persons so rated, whether the Owner or Owners, or the Occupier or Occupiers, shall from time By whom such to time pay or cause to be paid dll and every such Rates or Assessments in respect of such Messuages or Heredi- Rates paid, taments respectively; and upon Nonpayment thereof, such Rates or Assessments may be levied by the Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Person or Persons respectively, wheresoever they shall be found, or of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons inhabiting the fame Messuages or Hereditaments respectively, and may be otherwise sued for or recovered in like manner in which such Rates or Assessments may be levied and recovered from any other Persons by virtue of such local Act or Acts of Parliament, or by virtue of this Act: Provided always, that no Owner or Owners, nor any Person or Persons, shall be charged with or liable to pay for and in respect of any increased Rent reserved or made payable to him or them for or on account of any Agreement made by such Owner or Owners, or Person or Persons, with the actual Occupier or Occupiers of such Messuages or Hereditaments, that such Owner or Owners or other Person or Persons would pay the several Rates or Assessments theretofore chargeable upon the Occupier or Occupiers of such Messuages or Hereditaments respectively: And provided also, that if the Owner or Owners of any Messuage or Hereditament, the yearly Value whereof shall not exceed Twenty Pounds, and which shall be let to One Tenant only at a Rent which shall become payable and be collected only by quarterly Payments, shall be rated and assessed as the Occupier or Occupiers of any such Messuage or Hereditament, then upon Request in Writing under the Hand or Hands of any such Owner or Owners, and a true and full Statement in Writing of the Name of the actual Tenant or Occupier of every such Messuage or Hereditament, and such other Information relating thereto as the Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in any such parochial or other District respectively shall from time to time direct and require, and to their Satisfaction, the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons aforesaid shall compound with any such Owner or Owners of such Messuage or Hereditament for Payment of the said Rates or Assessments for and in respect of every such Messuage or Hereditament, at such reduced yearly Rental as such CommUfionerd, Trustees or other Persons shall think reasonable, not being more than Three Fourth Parts nor less, than One Half of the Rack Rent or Annual Value of each of such Messuages or Hereditaments respectively, or shall remit to such Owner or Owners such Part of such Rate or Assessment as such Commissionere, Trustees or other Persons shall think reasonable, not being less than One Fourth Part nor more than One Half of such Rates or Assessments, to which such Owner or Owners shall be rated or assessed in respect of each of such Messuages or Hereditaments respectively; and also, that it may be lawful for the said Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons as Commissioners aforesaid, if they shall think proper, to compound with any Owner or Owners of any Messuages or other He- way compound

reditaments fcr Rates wuh

Proviso respecting Agreement for paying Rate between Owner and Occupier.

Proviso respe£fc-ing Messuages not exceeding 20l. annual Value let to One Tenant, payable quarterly, as to compounding for Rate.

3io

Owners of Messuages, &c. herein described.

Proviso for Agreements between Landlords and Tenants.

Rates not paid may be levied.

Proceedings.

Summons.

Coils of Summons.

Rite and Costs of Summons levied by Distress.

C. xxix. 57° GEORGII III. A.D. 1817.

reditaments in their parochial or other Distri#, which shall be let to weekly or monthly Tenants, or which shall be let furnished or in Lodgings, or in separate Apartments, or at Rents which shall become payable or to be coile#ed at any shorter Periods than quarterly, for Payment of the said Rates or A fie Ament 8 for or in respect of such Messuages or Hereditaments at such reduced Yearly Rental as such Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons shall think reasonable, not being less than Two Third Parts of the Rack Rent or Annual Value of such Messuages or Hereditaments respectively, or to remit to the Owner or Owners of any such Messuages or Tenements respectively last mentioned such Part of such Rate or Assessment as such Commissioners, Trustees or other Persons shall think proper, not being more than One Third Part of the Rates or Assessments to which such Owner or Owners shall be rated or assessed in respect of each of such last-mentioned Messuages or Hereditaments respectively, or otherwise to colie# from such Owner or Owners the whole of such Rates or Assessments, as they shall think proper 5 and also that any such Commissioners, Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid, may vary, discontinue or renew either or any of such Compositions, as such Commissioners, Trustees and other Persons shall from time to time deem expedient.

XXXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall be construed, deemed or taken to impeach, alter or make void any Agreement made between any Landlord and Tenant in any Lease now granted, or hereafter to be granted pursuant to any Contract or Agreement now existing; anything in this Act contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That in case at any time or times hereafter any Owner or Owners, or Occupier or Occupiers of any Messuage or Hereditament, situate in any Street or Place in any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, for and in respect whereof he or they shall be rated or assessed to any Rate or Assessment made or to be made for and towards the Expences of paving or repairing the Pavement of the Streets or public Places in such parochial or other District, and either exclusively or jointly with or for any other Objects or Purposes, either by virtue of any local Act or Acts of Parliament relating to such parochial or other District, or by virtue of this Act; or any other Person or Persons so rated and assessed, or liable to be rated and assessed, or to pay the Money so rated or assessed as aforesaid, shall refuse or neglect to pay the hjoney rated and assessed upon him or them respectively, or which he or they may be liable to pay by virtue of such local Act or Acts of Parliament or of this Act, and all Arrears now or hereafter due thereon, or upon any former Rate or Rates or Assessment or Assessments, it shall be lawful for any One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the City, Borough or County wherein such parochial or other District shall be situate, and he is hereby authorized and directed, by Writing under his Hand, or in his Name under the Hand of any Person authorized by him to sign the fame, on Complaint made by the Commissioners, Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements of such parochial or other District, or any One or more of them, or any Officer or other Person appointed by them, to summon all and every Person and Persons who shall have refused and neglected as aforesaid, to appear, at a time and Place to be mentioned in such Summons, before such Justice, or before any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the fame City, Borough or County who shall be then and there present; and it shall be lawful for any Person appointed to colie# and receive such Rates or Assessments, or for any of the Constables, Headboroughs or Beadles of any such parochial or other Distri#, or for any other Person, to serve all and every such Summons and Summonses upon all and every Person and Persons so refuting or negle#ing to pay as aforesaid, either by delivering the same to the Person or Persons thereby intended to be summoned, or by leaving the fame at his or their Taft or usual Place or Places of Abode, or at or on the Premises for or in respect whereof the Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments mentioned in such Summons, shall remain due and owing; and if any Person or Persons so summoned shall refuse or neglect to attend at the time and Place mentioned in such Summons, or if he or they shall attend, and shall not shew good and fufiicieat Cause to such Justice or Justices as may be then and there present, that he or they is or are not chargeable with such Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, then and in every such case every such Person or Persons shall pay the Rate or Rates in respect of which such Summons was issued, and also the Costs and Charges of such Summons; and in all cases where such Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, or any of them, shall not be paid upon the Return of such Summons, it shall be lawful for the Justice who shall have signed and issued such Summons or Summonses, or who shall have directed such Summons and Summonses to be signed and issued as aforesaid, or for any other Justice of the Peace for the fame City, Borough or County, and he is hereby authorized and required, upon Oath made before him of the due Service of such Summons or Summonses by the Person who shall have served the fame, to grant a Warrant under his Hand and Seal, authorizing or dire#ing any such Person appointed to colie# such Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments as aforesaid, or any Constable, Headborough or Beadle of the said parochial or other Distri#, or any other Constable, Headborough or other Person, to levy such Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, and all Arrears thereof, and the said Costs, and Charges of the Summons (if the same shall not have been paid before), and the Costs and Charges of every such Warrant, and also the Costs, Charges and Expences of executing the fame, by Distress of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so negle#ing or refuting, which shall be found either within the said parochial or other Distri#, or elsewhere, and of which said Goods and Chattels he or they may either continue in Possession on the said Premises where the same shall be distrained, or they may be removed therefrom, as the Person or Persons making the Distress shall think proper; and if within Five Days next after any Distress shall be made pursuant to the Dire#ions of this Act, the said Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, with all Arrears due thereon, together with all the said Charges for the said Summons, and the said Charges for the said Warrant, and the Charges and Expences of executing the fame Warrant, and of making such Distress, and of keeping such Goods apd Chattels, shall not be paid, then the said Person appointed to colle# as aforesaid, or the Constable, .Headborough, Beadle or other Person authorized by the said

11 Warrant,

A.D. 1817. 57° GEORGII III. C. xxix. 311

Warrant, shall cause the said Goojls and Chattels to be appraised by one or more Appraiser or Appraisers, and to be sold either on the Premises where the same shall be distrained, or elsewhere, or such Part or Parts thereof as in his or their Judgment shall be sufficient to pay the said Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments,

together with all Arrears due thereon, and the said Cods, Charges, and Expences of the said Summons,

Warrant, Distress, Removal or keeping Possession of such Goods and Chattels so distrained, and the reasonable

Cods, Charges and Expences of appraising and felling the fame, and shall return the Overplus (if any) to the

Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels respectively, upon Demand thereof made by him or them;

and in case no such Goods and Chattels can be found to be didrained by virtue of any such Warrant, if no Goods

or in case any such Goods and Chattels, shall be locked up or secured, or shall be removed, so that such found to be

Person appointed to collect the said Rates or Assessments as aforesaid, or such Condable, Headborough, distrained, or

Beadle or other Person, cannot didrain the fame, or in case, after such Distress and Appraisement or Sale as ^ornoLffi-

hereinbefore are directed, the Proceeds thereof shall not be sufficient to pay such Rates or Assessments, with cie*m

the Arrears due thereon, and all the said Cods, Charges and Expences as aforesaid, then and in any of such Proceedings

cases, upon Information thereof given to any Justice of the Peace for the City, Borough or County within

which such parochial or other District shall be situate, it shall be lawful to and for any such Justice of the

Peace, and he is hereby authorised and required, to issue a Warrant under his Hand and Seal for the Ap-

prehension of any such Person or Persons making Default in the Payment of such Rates or Assessments and the Arrears thereof, or of any Part thereof, and of such Costs, Charges and Expences, or any of them, and

to commit such Person or Persons to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the City, Borough or

County within which such parochial or other District shall be situate, there to remain without Bail or Main*

prize for any time not exceeding the Space of One Calendar Month, unless such Rates or Assessments and all

Arrears thereof, and all such Costt, Charges and Expences, or so much thereof as shall remain unsatisfied by any such Distress or Distresses or otherwise, shall be sooner paid.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where a Distress is authorized to be made by any ConflaMes, &c. local Act or Adka of Parliament relating to the paving of any parochial or other Distridk within the Jurii- to assist in such didkion of this Act, either exclusively or jointly with or for any other Objects or Purposes, or by this Adk, if Lcvy*

any Constable or Headborough of any Parish or Place within which such parochial or other Distridk shall be situate, or of any other Parish or Place where such Distress is to be made, upon being required by any Person appointed to colledk any Rates or Assessments, or by any other Person (who- Ihafl have obtained a Warrant for such Distress from any Justice of the Peace, ) shall refuse or negledfc to aid or assist in making a Distress and Sale puHuant to such Warrant, every such Constable or Headborough shall for every such Offence Penalty 5l. forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds, to be recovered in the same manner in which other Penalties and Forfeitures are herein after directed to be recovered by virtue of this Act.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That every Warrant of Distress for Nonpayment of any Rates or Form of War-Assessments, authorized and directed to be issued by virtue of this Adk, shall be in the Words or to the Effcdk ram °* following:

fert'tbi Collectors of the Paving Rates [or, of the paving and lighting, and

Borough or County.]y watching and cleaning Rates, as the case may he3 for the Parish or District of [defcriht the District according to the local Act}, and to all Constables, Head boroughs, Beadles and Peace Officers for the [City, Borough or County aforesaid, as the case nay be}: Whereas the under mentioned Person or Persons, if more than Cne} now or late an Owner or Occupier [or Owners or Occupiers, if more than One]

4 of a Messuage [or of Messuages, if more than One Person he included in the Warrant} or other Hereditavnents within the said [insert the Name of the DistridJ was and is, or were and are [0/ the case may he}

rated and assessed, or is or are [0/ the case may he] liable to the Payment of the Sum or Sums of Money < set at and opposite to his or their respective Name or Names [as the case may he j hereunder written, by virtue of a Rate or Rates duly made under and by virtue of a certain Act for Acts] passed in the

Year or Years, as the case may he] of the Reign of [ set forth the Title oj the Act or Acts under which the Rate or Rates were made'}: And Whereas the said Person or Persons ha9 or have [as the case may he} refused or neglected to pay the Sum or the several Sums of Money set at and opposite his or their Name or Names [as the case may he} hereunder written, due from him or them by virtue of such Rate or Rates [as the case may be}, and the said several Sum and Sums of Money is or are [as the case may he} still remaining due and unpaid, as appeareth upon Oath to me, One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said [City, Borough or County, ae the oafs may he}; and the said several Person or Persons [as the case

may be} having been summoned to appear to answer the Premises, as also appeareth to me the said Justice

upon Oath, and neither he or they nor either of them [as the case may he] having shewn any sufficient Qause why such Sum or Sums of Money [u/ the case may he} should not be paid by him or them respectively [ju 4 the case may he], as also appeareth to me Upon Oath: Now these are therefore in His Majesty's Name to will and require you or either of you forthwith to levy the said Sum or several Sums of Money [<7/ the case may due from the said Person or Persons [as tve case may be} and hereunder set at and opposite to his or their Names respectively [a* the cefe may he}, and also the Two several Sums of [inferiittg the\ Amount of the Costs and Chargesfor the Summons and for the Warrant, or for either of them, as the case may be} for the Costs and Charges of the said Summons and of these Presents, by Distress and Sale of his or their respective Goods and Chattels [*/ the case may such Goods and Chattels being k<pt for the Space of Five Days before the same are fold, rendering to him or them respectively [as the case may be} the Overplus

f if any) on Demand, and the reasonable Charges of such Distress, and of any Removal or keeping Poi-ession, Appraisement or Sale thereof, being first deduced; and if no sufficient Distress can be had or taken,

that then you certify the same to me, to the end such Proceedings may be bad therein as to the Law

doth

C. xxix. 57° GEORGII III. A.D. 1817.

' doth appertain: And I do hereby strictly charge and command 3II and singular the Constables, Headboroughs and other His Majesty's Peace Officers for the said [City, Borough or County, as the case may 4 be-\ to be aiding and assisting in all Things relating to the Premises. Given under my Hand and Seal, this Day of in the Year of oor Lord

4 A.B.

s. d.

4 C. D.

4 E. F (the Landlord for divided Premises) 4 G. H...

Rate* may also be recovered by Actions as herein mentioned.

Necessary Proof for Plaintiff

Rates may be recovered from the Estate of Persont who die or become insolvent.

in preference of all other Debts, except to the Crown.

XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful at any time or times hereafter for the Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements of any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act (if they shall think it expedient), in the Name or Names of their Treasurer or Treasurers, Clerk or Clerks for the time being, or of any Person or Persons appointed by them to collect or receive any Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, made or to be made for or towards the Chargee of paving or repairing the Pavement of the Streets or public Places in any such parochial or other District, either exclusively or jointly with or for any other Objects or Purposes, to bring or cause to be brought any Action or Actions of Debt, or special Action on the Case, or other Action or Actions, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at fVe/lminster, or to proceed in any Court of Requests, or other Court whatever (for the Recovery of Debts above or under Five Pounds) within the Jurisdiction of which the said Messuages or Hereditaments in respect whereof such Rates or Assemnents shall be made, or wherein the Person or Persons or either of them against whom such Action or Actions or other Proceedings may be brought shall reside, and against any Executors or Administrators of any Person or Persons. deceased, or against any Messengers or Assignees, or Sheriffs or other Officers, or against any other Person or Persons liable to pay the Sum or Sums of Money for or in respect of or by virtue of any Rates or Assessments mado for or towards the Expences of paving or repairing the Pavements of the Streets or public Places in any such parochial or other District, either exclusively or jointly with or for any other Objects or Purposes, by virtue of any local Act or ^.fts of Parliament relating to such parochial or other District, or by virtue of this Act, for the Recovery of the Sum or Sums of Money due from any such Person or Persons dying or becoming Bankrupt, or whose Goods, Chattels or Effects may be seized or taken in Execution or otherwise, or from any other Person or Persons liable to pay the same by virtue or in respect of any such Rateaor Assessments; and that in any such Action or Actions or other Proceedings it shall be sufficient for the Plaintiff or Complainant to declare or allege, that the Person or Persons against whom such Action or Actions or other Proceedings may be brought is indebted to such Plaintiff or Complainant in such Sum or Sums of Money as shall appear to be due by or on account of any such Rates or Assessments 5 and that it shall only be ne'cessary for such Plaintiff or Complainant to produce any such Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, and to prove that the Person or Persons against whom such Action or Actions or other Proceedings shall be brought* or who shall be deceased, or who hath become Bankrupt, or whose Goods, Chattels or Effects have been taken in Execution or otherwise, was or were the Person or Persons mentioned in such Rate or Assessment, or liable to the Payment thereof by virtue of any local Act or Acts of Parliament, or of this Act, to entitle such Plaintiff qr Complainant to recover the whole of the Sum or Sums of Money for the Recovery whereof such Action or Actions or other Proceedings shall be brought against such Person or Persons, or against such Executors or Administrators, Messengers or Assignees, or Sheriffs or other Officers; and that if such Plaintiff or Complainant by any such Action or Actions or other Proceedings shall recover such Sum or Sums of Money so intended to be recovered thereby, or any Part thereof, he shall have the full Costs of such Actions or other Proceedings, to be levied in the manner in which all other Monies and Costs recovered in any Court or Courts wherein such Action or Actions or other Proceedings shall be brought, may be levied and obtained; and that in any such Action or Actions no Essoign, Protection pr Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Rates or Assessments which shall be made for or towards the Expences of paving or repairing the Pavement of the Streets or public Places in any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, either exclusively or jointly ytith any other Objects or Purposes, and either by virtue of any local Act or Acts of Parliament relating to such parochial or other District, or by virtue of this Act, shall be paid by the Executors or Administrators of any Person or Persons who shall be charged in such Rates or Assessments with the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money for or in respect of any Messuages or Hereditaments within any such parochial or other District, and who shall depart this Life without paying the fame, out of the first Effects of the Person so dying, which shall come to their or any of their Hands, in preference to all other Debts (except Debts to the King's Majesty), and shall also be paid in like manner by any Messengers and Assignees acting under any Commission of Bankrupt, and every Sheriff or other Officer acting under any Writ or Writs issued out of any Court or Courts of Law or Equity, pr any other Court or Courts, and who shall seize or take Possession of any Goods, Chattels or Effects of any Person or Persons so rated or assessed, and from whom any Sum or Sums of Money by virtue of any such Rates or Assessments shall then be due and unpaid; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements of the parochial or other District wherein the Messuages or Hereditaments shall be situate for and in respect whereof such Rates or Assessments shall be due, and for any Person appointed by them to collect and receive such Rates or Assessments, to compel the Payment of all and every such Sum and Sums of Money by such Executors or Administrators, or Messengers

15 or

A.D. 1817.

57° GEORGII III. C. xxix. 313

Proviso as to charging Sheriff; See.

or Assignees, Sheriffs or other OKcers, by Distress*>r by Action at Law, or by such other Means as are appointed by this Act for the Recovery of Rates or Assessments when unpaid by any Person or Persons whom-l'oever, and by such other legal Ways and Means as to them shall seem meet: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend so as to charge such Messenger or Assignee, or Sheriff or other Officer, with the Payment of any of such Rates or Assessments for more than One Year then last pa ft, or of any larger Sum or Sums of Money than th* Value of the Goods, Chattels or Effects which any such Messenger or Assignee, or Sheriff or other Officer, shall seize, or of which Possession shall be taken by him or them.

XL. And be it further enacted, That in case at any time or times hereafter any Person or Persons who Ratts m, y be hath or have been rated and assessed to any Rates or Assessments which shall be made by virtue of this Act, or by virtue of any local Act or Acts of Parliament, for and towards the Expences of paving and repairing tho^° Pavements of any Streets or public Places in any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, 'either exclusively or jointly with any other Objects or Purposes, shall quit his or their Messuages or Hereditaments within the said parochial or other District, for or in respect whereof he or they shall be rated or assessed, before he or they shall have paid any such Rates or Assessments, then and in every such case it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons appointed to colie A qr receive any such Rates or Assessments by the Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements of such parochial or other District, or any One of them, (Oath being made by him or them that he or they doth or do suspeA that such Person or Persons hath or have removed his, her or their Goods and Chattels, ) by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any of by Warrant His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the City, Borough or County where such parochial or other District fromuft, ce> shall be situate, and which Warrant such Justice or Justices is or are hereby authorized and required to grant,

(and in case such Person or Persons shall have removed into any other County, City or Place, such Warrant being first backed and countersigned by some Magistrate of the County, City or Place to which such Person or Persons shall have removed, and which Warrant every fuel) Magistrate is hereby empowered and directed, without Fee or Reward, to back or countersign, ) to distrain and appraise and fell the Goods and Chattels of without Fee. such Person or Persons who shall have so quitted the said Messuages or Hereditaments before he or they shall have paid such Rates or Assessments, for the Sum or Sums of Money due from any such Person or Persons by virtue of such Rates or Assessments, or any of them, or any Part thereof, and for all Costs, Charges and Expences occasioned by such Warrant, Distress, Appraisement, and Sale, in any County, City or Place to which such Person or Persons shall have removed, in such and the same manner as if the same Person or Persons had continued in the parochial or other District wherein the Messuages or Hereditaments shall be situate in respect whereof any such Rates or Assessments shall have been made.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That the Goods and Chattels of each and every Person and Persons rent- Rates collected ing and occupying any separate Part or Apartment of or in any Messuage or Hereditament, and the Goods and JS?aDt* Chattels in every Messuage or Hereditament let ready furnished, although the Person or Persons occupying so £"e" such Messuage or Hereditament, or separate Part or Apartment, be not rated or assessed under or by virtue of rep*id by Land-this A A, or of any local A A or A Act of Parliament relating to any parochial or other District within the lords; Jurisdiction of this A A, shall be liable to be distrained and sold by virtue of any Warrant under the Hand and '

Seal of One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, which he is by this Act authorized and directed to grant, for any Rates or Assessments made by virtue of this A A, or of any local Act or Acts, for or towards the Expences of paving and repairing the Pavements of such parochial or other District, and either exclusively or jointly with any other Objects and Purposes, which have accrued or become due during the term of the Occupancy by any such Person or Persons of any such Messuage or Hereditament, or separate Part or Apartment thereof, and for the Costs and Charges and Expences of such Warrant, and of any Appraisement, Possession,

Removal or Sale of such Goods and Chattels, or attendant thereupon; but no such Person or Persons shall be required or compellable to pay any greater Sum for or towards the Discharge of the said Rates or Assessments, or any of them, than the Amount of the Rent actually due and payable by such Person or Persons to the Owner or Owners of such Messuage or Hereditament, or other Person or Persons rated or assessed as the Occupier or Occupiers of the Messuages or Hereditaments so entirely or partly occupied by such Person or Persons; and that each and every Person or Persons who shall pay any such Rates or Assessments as ought to have been paid by the Owner or Owners of any such Messuage or Hereditament, or by his or their Landlord or Landlords, or upon whose Goods or Chattels the same shall be levied in pursuance of this Act, shall and may deduct the fame from and out of the Rent due and payable or to become due and payable to his or their and may be de-Landlord or J^apdlprds so letting out the fame Messuage or Hereditament, or separate Part or Apartment, to ducted from him or them, (unless there shall be some Agreement to the contrary between the Landlord and Tenant); and the Receipt and Receipts for such Payment or Payments shall be a sufficient Discharge to every such Person or Persons for so much Money as he or they shall have so paid, or which shall have been so levied on his or their Goods and Chattels in pursuance of this Act, and shall be repaid by such Owner or Owners, or be allowed by such Landlord or Landlords of such Messuages or Hereditaments, in part or full Payment, as the case may be, for the Rent due or to become due to him or them from such Person or Persons as aforesaid, for or in respect of such Messuages or Hereditaments, or separate Parts or Apartments thereof respectively.

XLII. And be it further enacted, to prevent Disputes touching the Designation of Owner or Landlord or Proprietor of any Messuages or Hereditaments intended to be made liable to be rated and assessed by any Rates or Assessments made or to be made for or towards the Expences of paving or repairing the Pavements of any Streets or public Places in any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this A A, and either exclusively or jointly with any other Objects or Purposes, and either by virtue of this Act or of any local Act or Acts of Parliament, That the Person or Persons legally authorized and empowered to receive and colleA,

57 Geo. III..S f or

Rent, unless Agreement to the contrary*'

Persons receiving Rents to be deemed Owners,

unless real Owner declared.

Rates may be' apportioned between incoming and outgoing Tenant!.

Proportion may be ascertained by Commissioners, &c.

Rate* may be

remitted by Commissioners, &c. en account of Poverty, &c.

Commissioners, See. to appoint a rrreasurer.

Duty of such Treasurer in respect of keeping Accounts, &c.

C. xxix. 570' GEORGII III.; - A.D. 1817.

wr receiving and cdfedirig, or' claiming ta be entitled to^-eceive and collet the Rents of any Messuages or Hereditaments from the Tenants or actual Occupiers thereof, or any of them, may be deemed and taken to be the Owner or Owners, Landlord or Landlords, Proprietor or Proprietors of such Messuages or Hereditaments, abd shall be liable to be rated and assessed, and shall be compellable to pay the Rates and Assessments, in respect of such Messuages or Hereditaments, in all cases in which either Owners or Landlords or Proprietors are made Kable to be rated and assessed and to the Payment of Rates and Assessments by virtue of this Act, or of any such local Act or Acts, unless the real Owner or Owners, or Landlord or Landlords, or Proprietor Or Pro-

£rietors thereof, shall be declared by himself or themselves to be the real Owner or Owners, Landlord or Land-wds, or Proprietor or Proprietors thereof, or shall be distinctly and certainly known to their Satisfaction by the Commissioners or Trustees, or other Person3 haring the Control of the Pavements in any such parochial or other District.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons now or hereafter occupying any Messuage or other Hereditament in any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, shall remove out of or from or quit the Possession of any such Messuage or Hereditament, before any Rate or Assessment made or to be made for and towards the Expence of paving or repairing the Pavements in any such parochial or other District, and either exclusively or jointly wtfh any other Objects or Purposes, charged on or in respect of any such Messuage or Hereditament by virtue of any local Act or Acts of Parliament relating to such parochial or other District, or of this Act, shall be paid and discharged; or if any Person shall enter into the Occupation of any such Messuage or Hereditament, out of of from which^ny other Person shall have so removed, before any such Rate or Assessment shall have been paid and discharged, or which, at the time of rating or assessing the fame, shall be empty or unoccupied, then and in every such case, the Person so removing out of, and the Person entering into the Possession or Occupation of any such Messuage or Hereditament, shall be respectively liable to the Payment of every such Rate or Assessment in proportion to the time that such Person or Persons possessed or occupied the fame respectively, in like manner as if the Person so removing or quitting as aforesaid had remained in the Possession or Occupation of such Messuage or Hereditament, or the Person or Persons so entering into the Occupation thereof had been rated or assessed in respect thereof m any such Rate or Assessment at the time of the making thereof; and that the Amount of such Proportion (in ca(e any Disputes should arise) may be ascertained and determined by the Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons haring the Control of the Pavements of the parochial or other District in which such Messuage or other Hereditament may be situate 5 and that according to such Determination such Rates and Assessments shall be paid by each of such Persons in such Proportion, and may be levied and recovered from each of such Persons accordingly; but that the same shall be without Prejudice to any of the Provisions hereinbefore contained as to the Messuages or Hereditaments being empty and unoccupied, and as to the Rates or Assessments remaining charged on the Messuages or Hereditaments in respect whereof they shall be made, or to any other of the Provisions hereinbefore contained.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful from time to time, and at all times hereafter, for the Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, and they are hereby empowered, upon the Complaint or Request of any Person or Persons subject to the Payment of any Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, made or to be made for or towards the Expences of paving or repairing the Pavements of any Streets or public Places within any such parochial or other District, and either exclusively or jointly with or for any other Objects or Purposes, and either by virtue of this Act or of any local Act or Acts of Parliament relating to any such parochial or other District, who shall think himself, herself or themselves aggrieved thereby, or incompetent to pay the same, to mitigate, reduce or lessen the fame, as they in their Discretion shall think just and reasonable, and also to remit or excuse the Payment thereof for any Cause which they shall deem sufficient, or fop or on account of the Poverty or Indigence of any Person or Persons liable to pay the same, so complaining or requesting the Remission or Reduction of any such Rates or Assessments.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements of the Streets or public Places in any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, may from time to time appoint One or more Treasurer or Treasurers for receiving all the Monies to be raised and collected for and towards the Expences of paving or repairing the Pavements in such parochial or other District, either exclusively or jointly with or for any other Purposes or Objects, and either by virtue of this Act or of the respective local Act or Acts of Parliament relating to their respective parochial or other Districts, not being also the Clerk or Clerks to the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons haring the Control of the Pavements of the Streets or public Places in any such parochial or other District; and from time to time, as they shall think necessary, may remove such Treasurer or Treasurers, and appoint such other Person or Persons in his or their Stead, as they shall think proper; and such Treasurer and Treasurers is and are hereby dhreded to keep distinct Accounts of the Monies by him or them received and paid of, for or on account of such Commissioners, Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements, by whom he or they shall have been appointed, and from time to time to pay and discharge all such Sums of Money as the said Commissioners, Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid shall order and direct him or them thereout to pay; and the said Treasurer or Treasurers shall account, whenever thereunto required by the said Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons by whom he or they shall have been appointed, for all the Monies by him or them received and paid of, for or on account of the said Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons; and the said Treasurer or Treasurers shall pay all such Monies as upon the Balance of the said Accounts respectively shall remain in his or their Hands, to such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons by whom he or they shall have been so appointed, shall by Writing under their

13 Hands

A.D. 1817. 57° GEORGII III. C. xxix. 31.5

Hands Authorize to receive the same, whenever he or they shall be required so to do; and if any such Trea- Refusing, Sec. to Turer or Tseafurers shall at any time or times refuse or neglect to render any such Accounts, and make such render Account, Payments as aforesaid, then and in every such case every, and any such Treasurer or Treasurers shall be &c* liable to such Proceedings, and upon Conviction shall be liable to such Penalties and Punishment9, as by this Penalty.

Ad, or by any local Act or Ada "of Parliament aalating to such parochial or other District, by the Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements whereof he or they shall have been so appointed, are imposed or directed to be imposed on Collectors or other Officers neglecting or refusing to account at the times and in the manner thereby directed 5 and that any Person or Persons being so ap- ACommifllcner, pointed a Treasurer as aforesaid, although he shall be a Commissioner or Trustee, or one of the Persons &c.maybeTrea-having the Control of the Pavements of such parochial or other District, shall not in consequence of such surer* Appointment become disqualified Or incapable to act as a Commissioner or Trustee, or in the Control of the Pavements for such parochial or other District; any Thing in this Act or in any local Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That i? the Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons having the Treartirers, if Control of the Pavements in any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, shall have appointed, ^to appointed or shall hereafter appoint any Treasurer or Treasurers as aforesaid, then and in every such case such g, ve Security* Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons shall and they are hereby required to take good and sufficient Security from such Treasurer or Treasurers, by the Bond or Bonds of Two or more sufficient Persons in a sufficient Penalty, and such further Security as they may deem necessary and shall approve, conditioned that such Treasurer or Treasurers shall duly account for and pay all Monies received by him or them pursuant to the Directions of this Act, or of the litai Act or Acts of Parliament relating to such parochial or other District, by the Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements whereof he or they shall be or shall have been so appointed.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons having the Collectors and Control of the Pavements of any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, may at any other Officers Meeting or Meetings appoint a Clerk or Clerks, and may appoint One or more Collectors of the Rates or Af- ^bvC*1*"

feffmenti, and an Inspector or Inspectors of the Pavement within their parochial or other District, and such other Stoners Officer or Officers for the Execution of this Act or of the local Act or Acts of Parliament relating to the paving of such parochial or other District, exclusively or jointly with any other Matters or Objects, as such Commissioners, Trustees or other Persons shall think proper, and may from time to time remove them or any of them, and appoint other Persons in his or their Stead, as they shall think k necessary or Convenient; and by and out of the Monies -to be raised by virtue of this Act, or of such local Act or Acts of Parliament, may and they are hereby empowered to appoint and pay such Salaries, Gratuities and Allowances to and Salaries, &c. such Clerk or Clerks, Collectors, Inspectors and other Officers, and to the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Pavements by this Act directed to be appointed, and to all other Persons by them the said Commissioners,

Trustees or other Persons employed in the Execution of this Act, or of such local Act or Acts, as they shall think reasonable 5 and also shall take good and sufficient Security from every such Collectors, and may and take Secu-

take such Security for the due Execution of their respective Offices by such other Officers and Persons as. rity.

aforesaid, as they shall think proper; and that in case of the Appointment of any Collector or Collectors of the said Rates or Assessments, then ail and every Person and Persons whp is or are liable to pay any such

Rates or AfleAments, or any Sums of Money- authorized to be raised and demanded by this Act, or by such

local Act or Acts of Parliament, shall pay the same to such Collectors, or to the Persons who shall frpqi

time to time be so appointed to collect and receive the same, according to the true Meaning of this Act, or

of such local Act or Acts of Parliament; and that each and every of such Collectors or other Person or Per- Collectouto

fons, weekly and every Week, or as often as they or any of them shall be thereunto required by the Com- account to Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements of such parochial or other missioners, fcc.

District, by whom be or they shall have been so appointed, shall render and deliver unto tiem the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons, or to their Clerk or Clerks, or to any other Persons whom tljey shall direct, distinct, true'and perfect Accounts in Writing, signed with their own Hand* respectively, of all Monies

frota Week to Week and from time to time collected and received by them, and each and every of them respectively, of any Person or Persons whomsoever, for or on account of such Commissioners, Trustpes or

other Persons, by whom he or they shall have been so appointed; and that all other Officers and Persons so The like a? to

to be appointed as aforesaid, under their Hands, and at such time and times and in such manner as the said Officers.

Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons by whom they shall have been appointed may direct, shall deliver

to them, or to any other Persons whom they shall direct, true and perfect Accounts so Writing of all Matters

and Things committed to their Charge, and also of all the Monies which shall have been by such Officers or Persons respectively received by virtue of such Appointment, or for or on account of such Commissioners or

Trustees or other Persons by whom they shall severally have been appointed, and how much thereof hath

been paid and disbursed, and for what Purposes, together with the proper and legal Receipts or Vouchers for

such Payments 5 and that thp said Collectors of the said Rates and Assessments mall weekly and every Week Collegers to p*y

pay to the Treasurer or Treasurers appointed by the said Commissioners or Ituftees, or other Persons for the to Treasurers,

time being, or to such Person or Persons as they shall direct, all Sum or Sums of Money by each of them &c*

respectively collected and received during the preceding Week, or oftener, if the said Commissioners or Truf-

ttes or other Persons shall so direct and require; and that all other Officers and Persons so to be appointed as The like w so

aforesaid shall from time to time pay to such Treasurer or Treasurers, or such Person or Persons as the said °d*er Officers.

Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements shall direct, all Monies

which may be and remain in their or any of their respective Hands 5 and that they the said Collectors for the


Collecton to verify their Accounts on Oath.

Collector or other Officer not rendering Accounts, Sec.

Commissioners, Slc. may bring Action,

or may apply to Justice of the Peace.

Proceedings

thereon.

Collector proved to have unduly detained Mo-ney, &c.

Proceedings for the fame, and Cods by Distress.

If no Distress, &c. Party committed.

What Proof necessary by Commissioners, &c. in such Actions.

Length of imprisonment.

Commissioners, Sec. not liable for

C. xxix. 57° GEORGII III. A.D. 18i^r.

time being, and each and every of them, if thereunto required by the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons by whom they shall have been appointed, shall verify the Truth of all Accounts and Statements so rendered and delivered by them from time to time respectively lipon Oath, and which Oath any and every Commissioner or Trustee or other Person having the Control of the Payements in any such parochial or other District, is hereby empowered to administer; and that ifny Collector or other Officer or Person appointed as aforesaid, shall not render and deliver, signed with his own Hand, all and every such Statements and Accounts, or shall not verify the fame upon Oath, when thereunto required as aforesaid, or shall not produce and deliver up the Receipts or Vouchers relating to all Monies received and paid by him, or shall not pay any Monies in his Hands to such Treasurer or Treasurers, or to such other Persons as the Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons by whom he shall have been appointed shall direct, or shall not deliver to such Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons by whom he shall have been appointed, or to any other Person or Persons whom they shall direct, all Books, Papers and Writings in his or their Custody or Power relating to the Execution of this Act or of any such local Act or Acts of Parliament as aforesaid, within Twenty four Hours after he shall have been required so to do by the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons by whom he shall have been appointed, then and in either of the cases aforesaid, such Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons by whom any such Collector or other Officer or Person shall have been appointed, may and they are hereby authorized and empowered to bring or cause to be brought any Action or Actions against any such Collector, Officer or other Person so neglecting or refilling as aforesaid, for the Recovery of the Monies that shall be in the Hands of such Collector, Officer or Person respectively, or against the Person or Persons having become Securities for him, or such Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons, or their Clerk or Clerks, or any other Person whom they shall direct for that Purposr, may complain of any such Refusal or Neglect as aforesaid to any Justice of the Peace for the City, Borough, County or Place wherein such Collector or other Officer or Person so neglecting or refusing shall be and reside; and such Justice may and is hereby authorized and required, by a Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause the Collector or other Officer or Person so refusing or neglecting, and against whom such Complaint shall be made, to be brought before him, and upon his appearing, or not being to be found, to hear and determine the Matter in a summary Way; and if upon the Confession of the Party, or by the Testimony of any credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, it shall appear to such Justice that any of the Monies that shall nave been collected and received by any such Collector or other Officer or Person shall be in the Hands of such Collector or other Officer or Person, or that he shall not have rendered and delivered such true and perfect Account, signed as aforesaid, or shall have detained any Receipts or Vouchers, Books, Papers or Writings as aforesaid, then such Justice may and is hereby authorized and required, by a Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Money, and all Costs, Charges and Expences incurred and to be incurred thereabouts, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods, Chattels and other Effects of such Collector or other Officer or Person respectively; and if no Goods or Chattels of such Collector or other Officer or Person can be found sufficient to answer and satisfy the said Money, and the said Costs, Charges and Expences of distraining, removing and felling the fame Goods, Chattels and other Effects, and all other Costs, Charges and Expences to be incurred thereabouts, then and in either of the Cases aforesaid such Justice shall commit every such Offender to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the City, Borough or County wherein such parochial or other District shall be situate, or wherein such Offender shall reside, without Bail or Mainprize, until he shall have rendered and delivered, signed as aforesaid, such true and perfect Account as aforesaid, and shall have delivered as aforesaid all Receipts and Vouchers relating thereto, and shall have paid all Monies received by him for and in respect of the said Rates and Assessments, or otherwise as aforesaid, remaining in his Hands, or shall have compounded for the Amount of such Monies due from him with the said Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons by whom he shall have been appointed, to their Satisfaction, and shall have paid the Amount of such Composition in such manner as they shall approve (and which Composition they are hereby empowered to make and accept), or until he shall have delivered up all Books, Papers and Writings as aforesaid in his Custody or Power, or shall have given Satisfaction in respect thereof to the said Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons by whom he shall have been appointed; and that in any such Action or Actions or other Proceedings against any such Collector, or against any Person or Persons who shall have become Securities for him, it shall not be necessary for the Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons by whom he shall have been appointed to prove the Receipts by him of every Sum of Money included in any Rate or Assessment which he shall have bees appointed to collect, with the Amount whereof and with which they shall seek to charge him or them, and to recover from him or them by any such Action or Actions, or other Proceedings, but that it shall only be necessary for such Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons to prove the total Amount of the several Rates or Assessments which he shall have been appointed to collect, and that the full Amount thereof shall be deemed to be due from him, and from any Person or Persons having become Securities for him, and shall be recovered from and be paid by him or them accordingly, except only such Part or Parts thereof as he or they shall prove, by a credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, to have been paid by him the said Collector to such Treasurer or Treasurers as aforesaid, or to some other Person or Persons directed to receive the same by the Commissioners or Trustees other Persons by whom he shall have been so appointed as aforesaid, or that he hath not received and collected, from the Person or Persons charged with the Payment of any Sums of Money by the said Rates and Assessments whic^i he shall have been appointed to collect, any of the Sums of Money charged by such Rates and Assessments: Provided always, that such Collector or other Officer or Person so committed as aforesaid shall not be detained and kept in Prison by virtue of such Warrant or for any longer Space of time than Twelve Calendar Months: Provided also, that no Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction

of

A.D. 1Siy* 570 GEORGII II1. C. xxix.

of this Act, by whom any Treasurer or Treasurers, Collector or other Officer shall be appointed, shall be liable for or by reason of any Default of such Treasurer or Treasurers, Collector or other Officer so appointed; and that any Sum or Sums of Money which shall or may be received by any such Treasurer or Treasurers, Collector or other Officer, and which shall not be recovered from him or them, shall and may be made up by any future kates or Assessment, to be made for or towards the Expences of paving or repairing the Pavements of the Streets or public Places within any such parochial or other District, either exclusively or jointly with or for or towards any other Objects or Purposes whatsoever.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Collector of the Rates or Assessments so appointed as aforesaid shall at any time retain and have in his Hand any Sum or Sums of Money, amounting together to the Sum of Twenty Pounds, collected and received by him by virtue of such Appointment for the Space of Seven Days, without paying over the same to the Treasurer or Treasurers for the time being to the Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements of the Streets or public Places in any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this A A, by whom he shall have been appointed, or to such other Person or Persons as they shall have from time to time appointed or directed to receive the same, then every such Collector shall for every such Retention or Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds, to be recovered in the same manner in which other Penalties and Forfeitures are herein after directed to be recovered by virtue of this Act,

XLIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Prosecution or Commitment, Action or other Proceedings of or against any Treasurer, Collector or other Officer appointed as aforesaid, by any Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in any Streets or public Places in any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act as aforesaid, nof any Composition accepted by them from him, shall in any manner acquit, release or discharge any Surety or Security that shall or may have been taken by or given to or for the Commissioners cr Trustees or other Persons by whom he shall have been appointed, for the due and faithful Execution of the Duties of any such Appointment as Treasurer, Collector or other Officer, or for the due and punctual Payment and Application of the Monies received by him in pursuance or by virtue of such Appointment, or for the proper Observance and Performance by him of the Duties enjoined on auyfuch Treasurer, Collector or other Officer by virtue of this Act, or of any local Act or Acts of Parliament, nor shall acquit, release or discharge in any manner any Person or Persons who shall have become bound for him or on his Behalf to such Commissioners or Trustees other Persons by whom he shall have been so appointed, except only, that in case any Composition shall be accepted as aforesaid, then such Person or Persons shall be discharged from the Payment of io much Money as shall be received by the said Coramif-(ioners or Trustees or other Persons by virtue thereof.

L. And be it further enacted, That if any Person who shall be appointed to be a Treasurer, Surveyor, or Inspector of the Pavements, or Collector, or if any Person who shall be otherwise employed by the Commimoners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control-of the Pavements of the Streets or public Places in any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, in or for the Execution thereof, shall exact, take or accept any Fee or Reward whatsoever, other than such Salaries, Allowances and Rewards a9 are directed by this Act, or by any local Act or Acts of Parliament relating to such parochial or other Dif-trid, Qr as shall be from time to time appointed, allowed and approved of by the said Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements as aforesaid, for or on account of any thing done or to be done by virtue of such Office or Appointment, or shall in anyway be concerned or interested in any Bargain or Contract made or to be made by or with the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons by whom he shall be so appointed, then he shall forfeit and shall pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds, to be recovered in the same manner in which other Penalties and Forfeitures are hereafter directed to be recovered by virtue of this Act; and if he shall in any way be concerned or interested in any Bargain or Contract made or to be made by or with the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons by whom he shall be so appointed, he shall also be disqualified and for ever incapable of continuing to serve or of being employed by such Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons by whom he shall have been so appointed, as well as forfeit and pay the Penalty aforesaid.

LI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Treasurer or Treasurers, Collector or Collectors, Officers or other fersons, appointed by the Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements of the Streets and public Places in any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, for the Collection and Receipt of the Monies to be collected and received by virtue of any Rates and Assessments which may be made for or towards the Expences of paving and keeping in Repair the Pavements of any Streets and public Places within such parochial or other District, either exclusively or jointly with or for or towards any other Objects or Purposes, shall happen to die or become Bankrupt before he or they shall have fully paid and satisfied all Monies received by him or them for or in respect of any such Rates or Assessments, or for or on account of the Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons by whom he or they shall have been appointed, then and in every such case, if such Treasurer or Treasurers, Collector or Cof-ledors, Officer or Officers, or other Person or Persons, shall die, the Executdr or Executors, Administrator or Administrators, Representative or Representatives, or other Person or Persons possessing the Estate and Effects of every such Treasurer or Treasurers, Collector or Collectors, Officer or Officers, or other Person or Persons appointed by the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements of the Streets and public Places within such parochial or other District, or if be or they shall become Bankrupt, then the Assignee or Assignees of the Estate and Effects of such Bankrupt, shall, out of such Estate and Effects, pay to the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements of the Streets and public Places within such parochial or other District as aforesaid, or to such Person

317

Default of Treasurer.

Collectors unduly retaining Monies,

Penalty lei.

Proceedings agaiolt Officers or Composition not to discharge tb sir Securities.

Exception.

Officers accepting any unauthorised Fee,

Penalty act.

Representatives of Officers de-ceafedor becoming Bankrupt, to account,

in preference to all other Debts, except to the Crown.

Executor, Sec. on Action, may plead such Payment.

Executqr, &c. not paying Monies due from his Testator, &c. Commissioners, &c. may sue.

Colls.

Commissioners, &c..may pave Streets within their Districts, Paving Materials being vested in them.

How such Property dated in Indi&tnent, &c. far dealing, See. the fame Materials.

Commissioners, See. may use Stones, See.

and the fame may be disposed of by them;

and Commissioners, &c. may

C. xxix. 57° GEORGII III. A.D. 1817.

Person or Persons as they shall from time to time direct to receive the same, all such Sum arid Sirius of Money as shall have Been collected or received by such Treasurer or Treasurers, Collector or Collectors, Officer or Officers, or other Person or Persons appointed by the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid, and which shall be due and owing from him or them to the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid by whom he or they shall have been so appointed, at the time of his or their Death, or at the time of the suing out any Commission of Bankruptcy against him or them, and not paid over, or so much thereof as the said Estate and Effects of such Treasurer or Treasurers, Collector or Collectors, Officer or Officers, or other Person or Persons appointed by the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid, who shall so die or become Bankrupt, will extend to pay, and in preference to any other Debt or Debts (except Debts due to the King's Majesty); and the Receipt or Receipts of the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements of the Streets and public Places within such parochial or other District, or of any Person or Persons directed by them from time to time to receive the same, shall be a good Discharge or good Discharges for the Money therein expressed to be received 5 and that every Executor or Administrator, Assignee or Assignees, or other Persons possessing the Estate and Effects of any such Treasurer, Collector, Officer or other Person as aforesaid, may, to any Action or Suit commenced or brought against him or them, plead or give in Evidence the Authority of this Act for such Payment, and shall be allowed the fame prior to any other Debt or Demand whatsoever save and except only Debts due to the King's Majesty as aforesaid); and in case of Nonpayment of all and every such Sum or Sums of Money by any Executor or Administrator, 'Assignee or Assignees, or other Person as aforesaid, for the Space of Ten Days after the same shall have been demanded by or on the Behalf of the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons by whom such Treasurer, Collector, Officer or other Person dyingor becoming Bankrupt had been appointed, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements within such parochial or other District, by whom any such Treasurer, Collector, Officer or other Person had been appointed, to commence one or more Action or Actions in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Wcfl-minster against such Executors or Administrators, Assignee or Assignees, or other Persons as aforesaid, for the Recovery of the same Sum or Sums of Money; and that in any such Action or Actions it shall only be necessary for the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons to prove the Amount of the Sum or Sums of Mopey due from such Treasurer, Collector, Officer or other Person, without proving what Monies, Eftatfcs or Effects of the Person or Persons so dying or becoming Bankrupt shall have been or might have been received by any of such Executors or Administrators, Assignee or Assignees; and that they shall by such Action or Actions recover the full Amount of all the Sum or Sums of Money due from such Treasurer, Collector, Officer or other Person at the time of his Decease, or of the issuing of the said Commission of Bankrupt, with the full Cods of such Action, to be taxed as between an Attorney and his Client, and in which Action no Essoign, Protection or Wager of Law, nor more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

LII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements of the Streets and public Places in any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, from time to time to pave and keep in Repair, or cause to be paved and kept in Repair, or to enter into any Contract or Contracts for paving and keeping in Repair, all or any Part or Parts of the Carriageways or Footways of all or any of the Streets or public Places in their respective parochial or other Districts within the Jurisdiction of this Act; and also that all and every the Pavements, Stones, Polls and other Materials which now are or which may be hereafter placed in the Foot or Carriageways of any Streets or public Places within their respective parochial or other Districts, which shall have been or may from time to time be paved or repaired by the said Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons having the Control of the Pavement in each of their respective parochial or other Districts, and all Things and Implements which shall be then laid down, or may be purchased, provided or made use of by them therein or thereabouts, shall be and the same are hereby vested in the respective Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements of the Streets and public Places within each of their respective parochial or other Districts, and shall and may be laid and dated as their Property, according to the general Name or Title by which they are distinguished in the respective local Act or Aft3 of Parliament relating to their respective parochial or other Districts, under and by virtue whereof they are or shall be from time to time appointed to act, and not according to their individual Name or Names, in any Indictment, Information, or other Proceeding which may be preferred or filed, or taken against any Person or Persons for removing or taking away, dealing, detaining, spoiling, injuring or destroying the fame Pavements or Materials, or Implements or Things, or any of them, or any Part or Parts thereof; and also that it shall and may be lawful for them from time to time to order all or any of the Stones and other Materials then being in any such Streets or public Places, as they may from time to time pave or repair, to be made use of in or towards the paving or repairing the Foot of Carriageway Pavements in any Streets or public Places within their respective parochial or other Districts; and also may from time to time purchase, or rent upon Lease or otherwise, any Premises which they may think necessary, for the Purpose of laying or depo-siting or otherwise disposing of all or any of their Stones or other Materials or Implements, for and until such time as they shall use the fame; and also that they may from time to time sell and dispose of all or any Part of the old Pavements or other Materials or Implements possessed by or belonging to them, to such Person or Persons as shall be willing to purchase the fame, they applying the Monies anfing from time to time by any and every such Sales in aid of the Monies raised and to be raised within their respective parochial or other Districts for or towards the Expence of paving and repairing the Pavements therein; and also shall and ipay caijfe to-be dug; carted, and carried out of or brought into any Streets or public Places within their respective

A.D. 1817. 57° GEORGII III. C. xxix. 319

spective parochial or other Districts, and shall and may purchase any such Gravel, Stones and other Mate- purchase ne-

rials, Horses, Carts, and Tools, and employ such Artificers, Workmen, Labourers, Carters and other ceflary Mate-

Persons, and issue such Money on those Accounts, and do all and every such other Acts and Things as the said Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements as aforesaid, may 01 Inen, c*

from time to time judge necessary or expedient for or towards or about the paving or repairing the Pavements

of any Streets or public Places within their respective parochial or other Districts, or incidental thereto;

and also that they or their respective Surveyor or Surveyors of the Pavements, ' or any Inspectors or other and raise or

Officers by them appointed for the time being, shall and' may from time to time cause the Ground of any lower Streets,

Streets or public Places within their respective parochial or other Districts to be raised or lowered in such &c-

manner as they or he shall think necessary; and also that they or their respective Surveyors, Inspectors or apddepositMa-

other Officers for the time being, during the time of the paving or of the repairing the Pavements of any terials as may be

Streets or public Places within their respective parochial or other Districts, or of any Grates, Drains or necessary;

Sewers therein, shall and may order the necessary Materials to be placed or deposited in any such Street or

public Place, or in any adjoining Street or public Place; and may flop up the Way through or along any andftopup

such Street or public Place, or any adjoining Street or public Place, for the Purposes aforesaid, for as long Streets during

time as they shall from time to time think necessary; and also that they or their respective Surveyors, In- Rep*«tions;

spedors or other Officers for the time being, shall or may from time to time direct and cause the Course of chanuek

mny Gutter or Channel, running in or through any Streets or public Places within their respective parochial therein

or other Districts, to be turned or altered in such manner as they shall think proper, and to direct and

cause the Grates already placed or hereafter to be placed over any Sewers (at their Charges) to be removed

and replaced in such manner and at such Place and Places as they shall think proper; and also that they or and may raise or their respective Surveyors, Inspectors or other Officers for the time being, may (at such their Charges) lower Pipes, &c.

raise, fink or otherwise alter, or cause or direct to be raised, sunk or altered, any Pipes or Plugs, or the

Situation or Postion of any Pipes or Plugs of any Water or Gas Light Companies, or any of the Leaden

or other Pipefevhich may be laid into or from any of the Mains or Pipes of any of the said Companies,

when and as often and in such Places as they or their respective Surveyors, Inspectors or other Officers for the time being shall deem expedient, for the Purpose of the better paving or repairing or keeping in Repair

the Pavement of the Streets or public Places within their respective parochial or other Districts, but with as

little Detriment and Inconvenience to the said Companies, as in the Judgment of the said Surveyors, In-

spedor8 or other Officers, the Circum (lances will permit,

LIII. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons shall take or break up, or cause to be taken or Pavements not broken up, any Pavement in any Street or public Place in any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction to be removed of this Act, or make any Alteration therein, under any Pretence whatsoever, without the Consent of the Com- without Permtf-missionersor Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in such parochial or other District,

or their Surveyor or Surveyors of the Pavements for the time being, first obtained and certified under the Hand or '

Hands of their Clerk or Clerks, or Surveyor or Surveyors for the time being; and that all and every Person and Persons to whom such Consent shall be granted, shall be subject and liable to all the Provisions in this Act and subject to

contained in respect to the Water and Gas Light Companies and the Commissioners of Sewers, as to the He- Provisions of

paration of the Pavements, and as to the Removal of all Rubbish and other Obstruction9, and as to the Provision of Bars, Watchmen and other Securities, and to all Penalties by this Act imposed on the Breach of any

of such Provisions respectively, and to such other Conditions and Regulations as the said Commissioners or

Trustees, or other Persons consenting as aforesaid, shall flipolate and direct, and shall obey and perform the fame and every of them; and that in case any Person or Persons (except Water and Gas Light Companies and the Commissioners of Sewers, and who are to conform to the particular Provisions of this Act relating to them, )

shall take or break up, or cause to be taken or broken up, or shall wilfully damage any Pavement in any Street* Removing Fay*-or public Places, or shall make or cause to be made any Alteration therein, without such Consent as aforesaid, meats, &c. with-certified as aforesaid, then any and every such Person or Persons in every such case so offending, shall for each 001 Consent, arid every such Offence forfeit and pay a Sum not being less than Five Pounds nor exceeding Ten Pounds; and penalty also for each and every Square Foot of such Pavement exceeding One Foot so taken or broken up or altered, or so wilfully damaged, shall forfeit and pay any Sum not being less than Five Pounds nor exceeding Ten Pounds, to be recovered in the same manner in which other Penalties and Forfeitures are herein after directed to be recovered by virtue of this Act.

LI V'. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control Commissioners of the Pavements of the Streets and public Places in any parochial or other Districts within the Jurisdiction of survey this Act, may from time to time and at all times hereafter insped and survey all Streets or public Places, or P*vements, other Parts of their respective parochial or othrir Districts, as may not have been theretofore paved or repaired by virtue of or under the respective local Act or Acts of Parliament for such parochial or other District, and whether the same shall have been or shall not have been theretofore paved by any other Person or Persons than such Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in^any such parochial or other District, by virtue of such local Act or Acts of Parliament; and that as to any such Part or Parts as may have been already paved, in case it shall appear to the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid, that such Parts being then paved are not in sufficient Repair, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners or Trustees of other Persons as aforesaid, or for their Surveyor of the Pavements for the time being, to cause a Notice or Notices under the Hand of a Surveyor of the Pavements in such parochial and give Notice or other District to be given to or for the Owner or Owners, or for the Occupier or Occupiers of all or any to Owner or Messuages, Houses, Lands or other Hereditaments adjoining to such Parts of the said Streets or public Places, Occupier to or other Parts within their respective parochial or other Districts theretofore paved'as are not in sufficient Re- P*6' &c*

pair,

Owner thereupon not paving, See.

Commissioners, &c. may proceed at Expence of Owner or Occupier.

Amount, on being ascertained and certified to Owner or Occupier* to be paid by him.

[Penalty.]

How recovered.

In what case of CommissioneTS paving Streets, &c. they are to he deemed within their particular Jurisdiction;

and Owners, &c. fiuy j?e rated;

and may include other Streets and Places in the fame Parities, as herein mentioned, within their Jurisihlhon;

C. xxix. 57° GEORGII III. A.D. 1817.

pair, and by such Notice or Notices to require such Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, to pave or to repave, or to repair, fas such Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid, or their Surveyor of the Pavement as aforesaid, shall think expedient, ) the Foot and Carriage Pavements abutting on the Messuages, Houses, Lands or other Hereditaments belonging to or occupied by him or them, across the Street or public Place wherein or on one Side whereof any such Messuages, Houses, Lands or other Hereditaments may be situated; and that such Notice or Notices may be given to or left for such Owner or Owners, or Occupier or Occupiers, or any or either of them, at his or their or any or either of their usual or last known Place or Places of Abode, or at or on or affixed against the Messuages, Houses, Lands or other Hereditaments, or some of them, or some Part thereof, belonging to or occupied by such Owners or Occupiers respectively, or at or on some Premises adjoining thereto; and that in case any such Owner or Occupier, within Seven Days after any such Notice shall be given or left as aforesaid, shall not well and effectually pave or repave or repair all such Foot and Carriageway Pavement pursuant thereto, to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid, or of their said Surveyor for the time being, then it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid, or for their Surveyor, to direct such Pavement to be paved or repaved or repaired with such Materials and in such manner as they may direct, and by such Person or Persons as they or he may from time to time appoint, at the Expence of the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, or any of them, who shall not have paved or repaved or repaired such Foot or Carriageway Pavements to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements as aforesaid, or of the Surveyor of Pavements as aforesaid; and that the Amount of the Charges and Expences incurred thereabouts shall be ascertained and determined by the said Surveyor of the Pavements in such parochial or other District, and shall be certified to such Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, who shall have neglected to pave or repave or repair according to such Notice as aforesaid, by a Note signed by such Surveyor of the Pavements by whom such Charges and Expences shall have been ascertained, and shall be given to or left for such Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, at the Place or Places and in the manner in which Notices to pave or to repave or to repair are hereinbefore directed to be given om left; and that the full Amount of such Charges and Expences, or such Portion thereof as the said Surveyor may apportion to each of such Owners or Occupiers in respect of the several Messuages, Houses, Lands or other Hereditaments as aforesaid belonging to or occupied by each of them respectively, and mentioned in such Notice or Certificate of the said Surveyor, shall be paid by such Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers respectively, to or for whom such Notice or Certificate was so given or left as aforesaid, within Three Days after such Notice or Certificate shall have been given or left as aforesaid* to the said Surveyor of Pavements, or to such Person or Persons as he shall appoint, and whose Receipt or Receipts shall be a good and sufficient Discharge, or good and sufficient Discharges, for the Monies in such Receipt or Receipts acknowledged to have been by him or them received; and thstt in case ?ny such Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, shall not pay the same accordingly within the time hereinbefore appointed, then and in every such case he or they shall forfeit and shall pay to the said Commissioners ojr Trustees, or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in any such parochial or other District, Double the Amount of the Charges and Expences so certified as aforesaid as the Amount to be paid by him or them; and that the fame and every Part thereof shall and may be recovered in such and the faipe manner, and by such and the fame Proceedings, or any of them, as are by this Act authorized and directed for the Recovery of any Monies from any Water or Gas Light Companies, or Commissioners of Sewers, or other Persons, for the Costs and Charges of repairing any Pavenpeuts by the Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in any Streets or public Places in any parochial or other District* within the Jurisdiction of this Act; but that in case the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in any parochial or other District as aforesaid, shall determine that it will be more expedient that any Streets or public Places or other Parts within their respective parochial or other District, being paved and not in sufficient Repair, or that any other Streets or public Places, or other Parts within their respective parochial or other Districts, being thentofore paved, should bte repaired or should be paved and thereafter repaired and kept in Repair, by them the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements as aforesaid, then and in any and every such Case it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid, to repaid or to pave the fame or any Part thereof (as they may think expedient), and thereupon that all and every such Streets or public Places or Parts of their respective parochial or other Districts so paved or repaired, shall thenceforth be and be deemed to be within the particular Jurisdiction of such Commissionera, Trustees or other Persons; and that the Owners or the Occupiers of all Messuages and Hereditaments therein may be rated and assessed to the Rates and Assessments to be made by virtue of this Act, or of any local Act or Acts of Parliament, for and towards the Charges of paving and repairing the Pavements in any such parochial or other District, either exclusively or jointly with or for or towards any other Objects or Purposes; and that all Provisions in this Act and in any local Act or Acts of Parliament contained, .relating to any Parts of any such parochial or other District as are already paved, shall apply and extend to all such other Parts of the said parochial or other District as may be so paved or repaired under and by virtue of this Act, or of the Provisions hereinbefore contained!; and also, that in case there shall be in any Parish within the Jurisdiction of this Act any Streets or public Places which shall not have been included in the Jurisdiction of the Commifixonera or Trustees or other Persons having a Control of the Pavements therein, by virtue of or under any local Act or Acts of Parliament, and which are not included in the Jurisdiction of an y other Paving Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons, by Prescription or by any local Act or Acts of Parliament, and it shall appear to any such Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons to be expedient that such Streets or public Places should be included within their Jurisdiction, then it shall and may be lawful for any such Com-

12 missioners

321

A.D. 1817. 57° GEORGII 1IL Cxxix.

milfloners, Trustees or other Persons so to order and determine; aHd that thereafter ail and every such Streets and public Places shall be from thenceforth included within the Juris<fiction. of such Commissionera or Trustees or other Persons; and that all Powers and Authorities of such Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid, and of their Surveyors, Officers and Servants, and also the Powers and Provisions of the local Act or Acts of Parliament for such parochial or other District, and of this Act, shall apply and exend thereto, in such and the same manner as if such Streets or public Places, or any of them, had by virtue of the said local Act or Acts of Parliament or otherwise thentofore formed Part of the parochial X)iftri& within the Jurisdiction of the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons, and by such local Act or Acts of Parliament or otherwise had been originally and thentofore included therein, any thing in any such local Act or Acts of Parliament or in this Act or otherwise to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding; but provided that there shall be more than One District, and under the Jurisdiction ot separate Paving Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons, in any one Parish, then the Powers hereinbefore given to the Commissioners, Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements as aforesaid, shall and may be used and exercised only by the Commissioners or Tr.uflees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in that particular District, within any such Parish, whose District shall be contiguous or nearest to auy such Streets or public Places, or in case they shall refuse to include the fame and to order and determine as aforesaid, then by the Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in that particular District within any such Parish as doth contain the greatest Number of the Messuages and Hereditaments then being within any such Parish as aforesaid, and may and shall not be used or exercised or claimed by any other Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons whomsoever.

LV. And be it further erta&ed, That when and so often as at any time or times hereafter there shall be Occasion to make any new or additional Grate, or to repair or alter any Grate now placed or hereafter to be placed over any public Sewer in any Street or public Place in any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, the same shall be made, repaired, or altered by and at the Expence of the Commissioners of Sewers acting for such parochial or other District, or such Part thereof wherein any such Street or public Place may be situate, and shall be laid down in such Places and in such manner and Form as shall be directed by the Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in the Streets or public Places in such parochial or other District, or by their Surveyor of the Pavements for the.time being; and the said Commissioners of Sewers shall also from time to time and at all times repair, cleanse and empty any and every public Sewer within their Jurisdiction, whenever they shall be required so to do by the Commissioners dr Trustees* or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in any parochial or other District wherein any such public Sewer may be situated, at the like Expence of the said Commissioners of Sewers; and in case the said Commissioners of Sewers shall refuse or neglect to execute any of such Works for the Space* bf Two Days next after any such Notice in Writing given or left as is hereinbefore directed as to any other Works to be executed by them, then and in any and every such Case it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements as aforesaid) or any Three or more of them, to cause such Grate or Grates to be made, repaired, altered and laid down, and all or any such public Sewers to be repaired, clean fed and emptied by such Person or Persons and in such manner as they may direct, employ and appoint, and to their Satisfaction; and the Costs and Charges thereof shall be certified to the said Commissioners of Sewers, and shall be reimbursed or paid by them in the manner and within the time hereinbefore directed as to the Charges of relaying Pavements, and shall and may be obtained and recovered of them in like .manner, and by such and the fame Proceedings, or any of them, as are hereinbefore directed or authorized as to the Recovery of any Charges and Expences of relaying Pavements in any Streets or public Places in any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act.

LiVI. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in the Streets or public Places in any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, at any time or times hereafter may make or cause to be made any new public Sewers or Drains to communicate with the said Streets or public Places within their respective parochial or other Districts or any of them, and with any other public Sewer under the Jurisdiction of any Commissioners of Sewers, and also any new Grate or Grates over such new Sewer or Sewers, Drain or Drains, but conformably to the Regulations of the said Commissioners of Sewers for the time being$ and the Expences attending the making any such new Sewers or Drains or Grates over such new Sewers or Drains, shall be borne and paid by the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons, out of the Monies raisejd and to be raised for and towards the Charges of paving or repairing the Pavements within their respective parochial or other Di&ri&, or out of such Monies as they the said Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons as aforesaid, may contribute thereto; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for such Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid to contribute out of any Monies which they shall receive and possess by virtue of any Rates or Assessments, such Sum or Sums as they may think proper towards the OElxpences of or incidental to the making of any such new Sewers or Drains, or new Grates over such new Sewers or Drains, by the said Commissioners of Sewers, or by any other Persons; and that the fame Sewers or Drains or Grates, when made and completed, shall be tinder the Care, Management and Directkm of the Commissioners of Sewers, in like manner as other public and common Drains or Sewers; and the said Commissioners of Sewers shall thereafter cause such Sewers or Drains from time to time to be repaired, cleansed and emptied, and such Grate or Grates to be from time to time repaired, replaced or altered in the manner directed by any local Act or Acts of Parliament relating to such parochial or other District, or by this Act, as to any former or other Sewers or Drams or Grates; and the fame Sewers or Drains Or Grates shall be subject to all the Provisions relating to any Sewers or Drains or Grates contained in any local Act or Acts of Parliament for any such parochial or other District, or in this Act. 57 Geo. III. T t LVII. And

and Powers of Act, &c. to extend thereto.

Proviso where.more than One Distri# in One Parish under Jurisdiction of separate Commissioners.

Commissionera df Sewers to make and repair Grates.

Neglecting so to do on Notice,

Commissionert of Pavement, See. may proceed.

and may recover the Charges;

New Sewers and Grates may be also made and repaired by

Corinmiflioriers &c. of Pavement

How Expences paid.

To be under Commission of Sewers.

Private Drains aUo to be cleansed,

on Notice by Commissioners, See. to Owner or Occupier of House, See.

Owner, &c. neglecting,

Commissioners, &c. may proceed,

and may recover Charges.

Port* may be erected in Streets, See. for the Preservation of the Pavements and Prevention of Accidents.

Damaging, &c. the fame,

[Penalty.]

Commissioners, &c. may appoint Scavengers.

Duty of such Scavenger in removing Dirt, &c.

clxxix. 57° GEORGII III. A-.0.1817,

LVII. And be it further enacted, That whenever from time to time or at any time hereafter it shall appear to the Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements of the Streets and public Places in any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, or to any* Two' or more of them, or to their Surveyor or Surveyors for the time being, or any of them, that any private Drain, Sewer, Cefipool, Gutter or Watercourse running beneath or above or communicating with any other Drain or Sewer beneath any of the Pavements of any of the Streets or public Places in any such parochial or other District doth require to be repaired, amended, altered, emptied or cleansed, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons having the Control of such Pavements as aforesaid, or any Two or more of them, or their Surveyor or Surveyors as aforesaid for the time being, or any of them, to give or cause to be given a Notice or Notices under their Hands, or under the Hand or Hands of such Surveyor or Surveyors or Pavements for the time being, to or for the Owner or Owners or for the Occupier or Occupiers of all or any Messuages, Houses, Lands or other Hereditaments to whom such Drain, Sewer, Cefipool, Gutter or Watercourse shall belong, or by whom the same shall be used or enjoyed, or from whose Messuages, Houses, Lands or Hereditaments any such Drain, Sewer, Gutter or Watercourse shall proceed or flow, or wherewith the fame or any such Ceffpool shall communicate, well and sufficiently to repair, amend, alter, empty or cleanse the fame and every Part thereof; and in case any such Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, within Three Days after any such Notice shall be given or left as aforesaid, shall not well and effectually repair, amend, alter, empty or cleanse any such Drain or Sewer and every Part thereof, pursuant to such Notice, and to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid, or of their Surveyor or Surveyors for the time being, then it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid, or for their Surveyor or Surveyors for the time being, to direct such Drain, Sewer, CefTpool, Gutter or Watercourse to be repaired, amended, altered, emptied or cleansed, with such Materials and in such manner as they or he may direct, and by such Person or Persons as they or he may from time to time appoint; and that the Amount of the Charges and Expences incurred thereabouts, and also of taking up, relaying or repairing any Pavements in any Streets or public Places which may for those Purposes or any of them be taken up, shall be ascertained and determined by such Surveyor or Surveyors of Pavements as aforesaid, and shall be certified by him or them to such Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, and shall be paid by him or them within the same time, and may be recovered with the same Penalties in case of Non payment, in such and the same manner and by such and the fame Proceedings, as are by this Act! authorized and directed for the ascertaining and determining, certifying and recovering, any Monies to become due and to be recovered from any Persons whomsoever, for the Costs and Charges of repairing or paving or repaving any Pavements of any Streets or public Places by the Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in any Streets or public Places in any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this ACT

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements of the Streets and public Places in any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, may Cause Polts of Wood, Stone or Iron to be set up near or adjoining the Foot Pavements, in such Part or Parts of all or any of the Streets or public Places within their respective parochial or other Districts, as they shall judge necessary; and also shall and may set up Posts and Rails near or adjoining to any vacant Ground, or other exposed or dangerous Place, abutting upon or adjoining to any of the Streets or public Places in such parochial or other District, in case they shall think proper so to do, for preventing Accidents or Casualties; and if any Person or Persons shall wilfully or carelessly knock down, break, damage or injure such Posts or Rails, or any of them, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not being less than Forty Shillings nor exceeding Ten Pounds 5 and shall also make a full Satisfaction (to be ascertained by the Justice before whom such Offender or Offenders shall be convicted) to such Commissioners, Trusteefe or other Person or Persons having the Control of the Pavements in the parochial or other District within which the Offence shall be committed, for the Damage so done; and that such Penalty and Satisfaction shall be recovered in the same manner in which Penalties and Forfeitures are herein after directed to be recovered by virtue of this Act.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners, Trustees or any other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in the Streets or public Places in any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, and who by any local Act or Acts of Parliament relating thereto are also authorized and empowered to direct the cleansing of the Streets or public Places within such parochial or other District, at any time or times hereafter to agree by private Contract or by public Auction, or by Tender or Proposal if they shall think fit, for any time not exceeding Three Years, ' with any Person or Persons to be the Scavenger or Scavengers, Raker or Rakers, Cleanfer or Cleanfers of the Streets and public Places within the said parochial or other District; and such Person or Persons, on a certain Day in every»Week, and oftener when thereunto required by any Three or more of the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid, or by the Surveyor of the Pavements of such parochial or other District, or any Inspector or other Officer or Person appointed by them or any of them, shall bring or cause to be brought convenient Carriages into all such Streets or public Places where such Carriages can be drawn near or pass unto, and at or before their Approach, by Bell, Horn, Clapper or otherwise, by a loud Noise or Cry, shall give Notice to the Inhabitants, and shall give the like Notice in every other Place into which the said Carriages cannot pass and abide; and such Scavengers, Rakers or Cleanfers shall take and carry away or cause to be taken and carried away from the respective Houses and Premises of the Inhabitants or Occupiers, their Soil, Allies, Cinders, Rubbish, Dust, Dirt and Filth, and all which the said Scavengers, Rakers or Cleanfers shall carry away or cause to be carried away at their own Cods

13 and

A.D. 18J7-. 57° GEORGII III. C. xxix. 323

and Charges, upon Pain of forfeiting a Sum of Forty Shillings for every Negle# or Default, (except never" Penalty 40s. theless all such Rubbish, Earth, Dud and Filth as shall be occasioned by building, repairing, amending or altering any House or Houses or any other Building or., Buildings, or by cleansing or repairing any'Drain or,

Sewer); and also that the said Rubbish, Earth, Dujjror Soil thereby occasioned, and every Part thereof, within the Space of Twelve Hours after the fame or any Part thereof shall be first left or placed in any Street or public Place, shall be carried away by or at the Charge of the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers of such Houses and Buildings, or by the Commissioners of such Sewers respectively as aforesaid; and that such Owner or Occu-. Owners or Occupiers or Commissioners negle#ing, to remove the fame and every Part thereof, or to cause the^not remov* fame to be removed, within the time above limited, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds for every ing Dirt, fcc. Negle# to remove the fame within the time above limited; and also, that if any Person or Persons shall refute Penalty 5L to permit such other Soil, Ashes, Cinders, Rubbish, Dust, Dirt or Filth to be taken away by the Scavengers,

Rakers or Cleanfers, or other Persons appointed by and agreeing with the said Commissioners or Trustees or* other Persons as aforesaid, then every such Person or Persons so offending shall in like manner forfeit and shall Penalty, pay the like Sum of Five Pounds: Provided always, that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Com- Power to Commissioners, Trustees or other Persons having the Control as aforesaid, either to contract and agree, with and to mOHoners to ap-appoint the same Person or Persons or a different Person and other Persons to be the Scavengers, Rakers or p^fons to* col-Cleanfers within their parochial or other Distri# of the Streets or public Places therein, and to be the Persons. ie& and to pof-to colie# and carry away and possess and retain the Soil, Ashes, Cinders, Rubbish, Dust, Dirt and Filth from fess the Dirt, fee. the Houses and Premises within their respective parochial or other Distri#s, as they shall deem most expedient 5 but that the Right and Benefit of such Soil, Ashes, Cinders, Rubbish, Dust, Dirt and Filth, shall belong ex-; clufively to the Person or Persons who shall be from time to time by the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid appointed to colie# and possess the fame; any thing in any local Act or Acts of Parliament or in this Act to the contrary not with {landing.

LX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons other than the Scavengers, Rakers or Persons, other jCleanfers of any parochial or other Distri#, or the other Person or Persons employed or appointed by or con-t d»an such Sca-tracting with the said Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons as aforesaid, to colle# and retain the Dust,

Cinders or Ashes within their respective parochial or other Distri#, or those employed by and under such ing* c*Person or Persons, shall on any Pretence whatsoever go about to collector gather, or shall ask for, receive or carry away any Dust, Cinders or Ashes, it shall and may be lawful for any Justice of the Peace for the City,

Borough or County within which such parochial or other Distri# may. be situate, upon .Complaint to.him made, to grant a Warrant to bring before him such Offender or Offenders, and also for any Person or Persons Proceeding!, who shall fee any such Offence committed to seize, and also for any other Person or Persons to assist in seizing, the Offender or Offenders, together with the Horses, Asses, Cattle, Carts, Trucks, Wheelbarrows, or other Carriages or Implements made use of for carrying the fame away; and by the Authority of this Act, and without any other Warrant, to convey him, her or them before such Justice of the Peace, "or any Justice., of the Peace for the said City, Borough or County 5 and such Justice shall and he is hereby authorized and required to examine upon Oath the Person or Persons apprehending such Offender or Offenders, or any Witness or "Witnesses who shall appear to give Information or Evidence touching such Offence; and if the Party or Parties shall be convi#ed of going about to collector gather, or of asking for, receiving or carrying away any Dust, Cinders or Ashes from any House or other Premises within any parochial or other. Distri# within the Jurisdi#ion of this Act, not being the Person or Persons employed or appointed by'or con tracing with the said Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements within such parochial or other Distri* to colie# and possess the Dust, Cinders and Ashes from the Houses and Premises therein, or not a#ing with or under his or their Authority, he, she or they shall respectively, for the First Offence, forfeit and First Offence, pay the Sum of Ten Pounds; for the Second Offence, the Sum of Fifteen Pounds; and for the Third and Second Offence, every other subsequent Offence, the Sum of Twenty Pounds 5 and One Moiety of which respective Penalties Subsequent shall be paid tq the Informer or Informers, or to the Person or Persons who shall apprehend the Offender or pffeI£c* Offenders, and the other Moiety shall be paid and shall belong to the Person or Persons so employed or appointed eM by or contracting with the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid; and jf such Offender penalty not or Offenders shall not on Conviction pay the said Penalty or Penalties, such Justice is hereby required to dire# p^, such Horses, Asses, Cattle, Carts, Trucks, Wheelbarrows or other Carriages or Implements which shall have Proceedings. )>een so seized, to be appraised and fold; and after deducting out of the Monies to arise by such Sale the Penalty, or Penalties incurred, together with the reasonable Charges and Expences of such Warrant, and of such Distress, Appraisement and Sale, the Overplus thereof shall be returned upon Demand to the Party or Parties whose Horses and other Things shall be appraised and fold 5 and in case there shall have been no such Seizure as aforesaid, or if the Horses, Asses, Cattle, Carts or other Things which shall be appraised and fbld, shall not produce a sufficient Sum of Money to pay the said Penalty or Penalties, Charges and Expences, then if such Offender or Offenders shall not upon the Conviction pay the said Penalty or Penalties, or such Part or Parts of the said Penalty or Penalties, Charges and Expences, which shall remain over and above the Produce of the jHorfes, Asses, Cattle, Carts and other Things so seized and fold, then such Justice is hereby required to commit such Offender or Offenders to the Common Gaol or House of Corre#ion for the City, Borough or County where such parochial or other Distri# shall be situate, there to be kept to hard Labour for any time not exceeding Thirty Days, unless such Penalty or Penalties, and Charges and Expences, and every Part thereof,

shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That in case such Person or Persons so employed or appointed by or On the Neglect contracting with the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons for the Purposes aforesaid, shall neglect of Scavengers to for the Space of Seven Days to bring or cause to be brought Carts or proper Carriages into all the Streets or remove Dust for

T t 2 public Seve, lD<ys>the

35*4. C. xxix.

57 GEORGII III.

A.D. 1817.

on Notice to Scavenger.

Dull may be re- public Places as aforesaid where such Carriages can pass, and to give Notice in manner aforesaid to the Inha-moved by «ny bitante of their coming, for the Purpose of taking away such Dust, Dirt, Soil, Rubbish, Filth, Cinders and ot er er on, Ashes, and to give the like Notice in every Place into which the farfl Carts and Carriages cannot pass, or to take away and remove all such Dust, Dirt, Soil, Rubbish, Filth or Cinders or Ashes from the Houses and Premises of all and every the Inhabitants of such Streets or public Places, or from such Part or Parts of such Houses or Premises where such Dust, Dirt, Soil, Rubbish, Filth, Cinders and Ashes shall be deposited, that then (after Twenty four Hours' Notice given to such Person or Persons so employed or appointed by or contracting with the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons for the Purposes aforesaid, or left for him or them at his or their usual House or Houses, Yard or other Premises, requiring him or them to bring or cause to be brought Carts or Carriages to take away their Dust, Dirt, Filth, Cinders or Ashes, and to take away and remove the fame frofh their respective Houses and Premises, ) it shall and may be lawful for such of the Inhabitants of such of the said Streets or public Places, who shall have given such Notice as aforesaid, to give away or to fell their Dust, Dirt, Filth, Cinders or Ashes to any Person or Persons whomsoever; and that such Person or Persons who shall take and carry away the said Dust, Dirt, Filth, Cinders or Ashes, shall not be subject or liable to any Penalty or Penalties for so doing upon every such Neglect; any thing in this Act or in any local Act or Acts of Parliament contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That no Scavenger, Raker or Cleanfer, or any other Person, shall sweep, rake or place any of the Slop, Mud, Dirt, Dust, Rubbish, Ashes, Filth or Soil, found or being in any Streets or public Places in any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, or any other Slop, Mud, Dirt, Dust, Rubbish, Ashes, Filth, Soil or other Articles or Things, over any Grate or Grates placed above or communicating with any common or public Drain or Sewer, or into any common or public Drain or Sewer; and that any and every Scavenger, Raker or Cleanfer, or any other Person or Persons, who shall so offend, shall for every such Offence forfeit and shall pay the Sum of Five Pounds, to be recovered in the feme manner in which other Penalties and Forfeitures are herein after dircded to be recovered by virtue of this Act.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That every Occupier of any House, Tenement, Warehouse, Shop,

h r ked, Coach House, Stable, Chapel, Meeting House or other public or private Building in any Street or

Frofl and Snow? Pu^ic ^acen any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, during the Continuance of

Froft, or after or during the Fall of Snow, from time to time, and at all times hereafter, shall once in every Day before the Hour of Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon of each Day, except Sunday, sweep and cleanse, or cause to be swept and cleansed, the Footway all along the front Side or back Walls of their respective Houses, Tenements, Warehouses, Shops, Sheds, Coach Houses, Stables, Chapels, Meeting Houses or other public or private Building; and that every Occupier who shall neglect so to do shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Ten Shillings, to be levied and recovered and applied in such and the same manner in which other Penalties are by this Act herein after directed to

be recovered and applied; and also that the Owner or Owners of any House or other Tenement within the Jurisdiction of this Act, which may be let furnished, or in divided Apartments, shall be deemed and taken, for the Purpose of this Provision, to be the Occupier or Occupiers of every such House or other Tenement respectively.

Beating Carpets,

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons fhaD, in any Street or public Place in Wreaking Horse*, any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, at any time or times hereafter, beat or driving Barrows dust any Carpet or Carpets; or shall drive any Carriage or Carriages, for the Purpose of breaking, exer-

and Carnages on or trying Horses 5 or shall ride any Horse, Mare or Gelding for the Purpose of exercising, airing

trying, shewing or exposing such Horse, Mare or Gelding for Sale, (oth^rwife than by pafifing through such Streets or other public Places); or shall throw, cast or lay, or shall cause, permit or suffer to be thrown, cast or laid, or to remain, any Ashes, Dust, Dirt, Rubbish, Offal, Dung, Soil, Blood or other Filth or Annoyance, or any matter or thing, in or upon the Carriageway or Footway Pavement of any such Street or other public Place in any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act; or shall kill,

Daughter, feald, dress or cut up any Beast, Swine, Calf, Sheep, Lamb or other Cattle, in or so near to any

of the said Streets or other public Places, as that any Blood or Filth shall run or flow upon or over, or be on any or either of such Pavements; or shall run, roll, drive, draw or place, or cause, permit or suffer to be run, rolled, driven, drawn or placed, upon any of the said Footway Pavements of any Street or public Place in any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, any Waggon, Cart, Dray, Sledge or other Carriage, or any Wheel, Wheelbarrow, Handbarrow or Truck, or any Hogshead, Cask or Barrel; or shall wilfully ride, lead or drive any Horse, Afs, Mule or other Beast upon any of the Footway Pavement* aforesaid; then and in every such case it shall and may be lawful to and for any Justice of the Peace for the City, Borough or County wherein any such parochial or other District may be situate, and he is hereby required, upon Complaint to him made upon Oath or Affirmation of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, to issue a Summons requiring such Offender or Offenders to appear before him, at such time and place as shall be in such Summons specified; or it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons whomsoever, who shall fee any such Offence committed, if he or they shall think proper, to seize, and also for any other Person or Persons to assist in seizing, such Offender or Offenders by the Authority of this Act, and by such Authority, and without any other Authority or Warrant whatsoever, to convey such Offender or Offenders before some Justice of the Peace for the City, Borough or County wherein any such parochial or other District may be situate; and upon the Party or Parties appearing in pursuance of such Summons, or not appearing after having been so summoned, or being brought before such Justice when so seized or otherwise, he the said Justice shall proceed to examine upon Oath or Affirmation any

12 Witness

Dirt not to he swept into any Common Sewer.

Penalty 5L

Footways to be swept by Occu-

Exctfrt Sunday.

[Penalty.]

Pavements, and throwing Filth, &c.

Proceedings.

A.D. 1817. sf GEORGII III. C. xxix.

Witness or Witnesses who shall appear orfo-produced t6 give Evidence touching such Offence; and if the Party or Parties aCcufed shall be convicted of any or either of the Offences aforesaid upon his or their own Confeffioo, or upon the Oath or Affirmation of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses as aforesaid, then and in every such case the Person or Persons so convicted shall forfeit and pay a Sum not less than Forty Shiltinge nor exceeding Five Pounds for each and every Offence; and that One Moiety of every such Penalty shall be paid to the Informer or Informers, or to the Person or Persons who shall apprehend such Offender or Offenders } and the other Moiety thereof shall be paid to the Treasurer or Treasurers of the Commissioners, Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in the Streets or public Places in the parochial or other District wherein any such Offence or Offences shall have been committed.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons at any time or times hereafter shall set or place, or cause or permit to be set or placed by any Servant or Person employed by him, her or them, or otherwise, any Stall Board, Chopping Block, Shew Board, on Hinges or otherwise, Basket, Wares, Merchandize, Casks or Goods of any Kind whatsoever; or shall hoop, place, wash or cleanse, or cause to be hooped, washed or cleansed, any Pipe, Barrel, Calk or Vessel, in or upon or over any Part of the Carriage ot Footways in any Streets or public Places in any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act; or shall set out, lay or place, or cause or procure, permit or suffer to be set out, laid or placed, any Coach, Cart, Wain, Waggon, Dray, Wheelbarrow, Handbarrow, Sledge, Truck or other Carriage upon any of the said Carriage Ways, (except such Coaches, Chariots and Chairs as have been or shall be hereafter licensed by the Commissioners for regulating and licensing Hackney Coaches, Chariots and Chairs, and which stand for Hire according to the Statutes and Bye Laws made for those Purposes, ) and also except for the necessary time of loading or unloading any Cart, Wain, Waggon, Dray, Sledge, Truck or other Carriage, or taking up or setting down any Fare, or waiting for Passengers when actually hired, or harneffing or unhar-neffing the Horses from any Coach, Cart, Wain, Waggon, Dray, Sledge, Truck or other Carriage; or if any Person or Persons shall set or place, or cause to be set or placed, in or upon or over any of the said Carriage or Footways, any Timber, Stones, Bricks, Lime or other Materials or Things for building whati soever, (unless the same shall be inclosed, as in and by any local Act or Acts of Parliament, or by this Act, or some of them, may be directed, ) or any other matters or things whatsoever; or shall hang out or expose, or cause or permit to be hung out or exposed, any Meat or Offal, or other matter or thing whatsoever, from any House or Houses or other Buildings or Premises belonging to or occupied by him, her or them, over any Part of either of such Pavements, or over any Area or Areas of any Houses or other Buildings or Premises, or shall place or put out, or cause or permit to be placed or put out, any Garden or other Pots, (except the same shall be perfectly secured from falling, to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in any such parochial or other District, or of their Surveyor of the Pavements for the time being, ) or any other matter or thing, from and on the Outside of the Front or any other Part of any House or Houses, or other Buildings or Premises, over or next unto any such Street or public Place; and shall not immediately remove all or any such matters or things, being thereunto required by aay Surveyor or Surveyors of Pavements, or by any other Person or Persons employed or appointed by the Commissioners, Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in any parochial or other District; and whether the same shall have been so set or placed, exposed or put out by himself, herself or themselves personally, or by any of his, her or their Servants^ or by any Person or Persons employed by him, her or them, and shall not continue and keep the fame so removed; or if any Person or Persons, having, in pursuance of any such Requifttion or Requisitions as aforesaid, removed or caused to be removed any such Stall Board, Shew Board, Chopping Block, Balket, Wares, Merchandize, Calks, Goods, Coach, Cart, Wain, Waggon, Dray, Wheelbarrow, Handbarrow, Sledge, Truck, Carriage, ' Timber, Stones, Bricks, Lime, Meat, Offal, Garden Pots or other matters or things, shall at any time thereafter again set, lay or place, expose or put out, or cause, procure, permit or suffer to be again set, laid or placed, exposed or put out, the fame or any of them, or any other Stall Board, Shew Board, Chopping Block, Basket, Wares, Merchandize, Goods, Coach, Cart, Wain, Waggon, Dray, Wheelbarrow, Handbarrow, Sledge, Truck, Timber, Stones, Bricks, Lime, Meat, Offal, Garden Pots or other matters or things whatsoever, save and except'as aforesaid, ) in or upon or over any of the Carriage or Footways of or next unto any Streets or public Places within the same parochial or other District as aforesaid; then and in every such case it shall and may be lawful to and for any Justice of the Peace for the City, Borough or County wherein the said parochial or other District may be situate, and he is hereby required* upon Complaint to him made by any One or more credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, to issue a Summons requiring the Person or Persons accused of such Offence, or the Owner or Owners of the Goods, Materials, Meat, Offal, Garden Pots, matters or things, or of the Coaches, Carts, Waggons, Drays, Wheelbarrows, Handbarrows, Sledges, Trucks or other Carriages which shall be so set or placed, exposed or set out, or the Master or Masters of the Person or Persons, by whose Servants, or by the Person or Persons employed by whom, such Offence shall have been committed, to appear before him, or before any other Justice of the Peace for the fame City, Borough or County, as shall be then or there present, at such time and Place as shall be in such Summons specified, and then and there to proceed to examine upon Oath or Affirmation any Witness or Witnesses who shall appear or be produced to give Evidence touching such Offence; and if the Person or Persons so offending shall be convicted of any or either of the Offences aforesaid, upon his, her or their own Confession, or upon the Oath or Affirmation of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses as aforesaid, he, she or they who shall be so convicted, and the Owner or Owners of such Goods, Materials, Meat, Offal, Garden Ppts, matters or things, or of the Coaches, Carts, Waggons, Drays, Wheelbarrows, Handbarrows, Sledges, Trucks or other Carriages

which

3*5

Penalty

Pitting, &c. Carriages, Stalk, BaOcets, Wares and other Matters herein mentioned on the Footway, &c.;

Exceptions;

or placing Timber, Bricks, & c.

Exception; or hanging out Meat, &c.;

or Garden Pots, &c;

Exception;

and not removing the fame on being required;

or, having removed, replacing die fame, Stc.

Exception.

Proceedings.

First Offence. Subfequeflt Offence. Penalty.

And Stalls, &c. may be seized.

Perishable Seizures, how disposed of.

Other Seizures, how disposed of.

If Goods (not perishable) pot claimed within Five Days, Proceedings/

Placing Nuisances and Annoyances,

after Notice,

fresh Notice not necessary;

but Goods, &c. may be seized, and Offenders liable.

C. xxix., 57° GEORGII III. A.D. 1817.

which shall be so set or placed/ exposed or set out as aforesaid, and the Matter or Matters, Employer* or Employers of the Person. or Persons so offending, shall forfeit and pay for the First Offencetl^e, Sum of Forty Shillings, and for the Second and every subsequent Offence any Sum not exceeding Fiye* Pounds; and that such respective Penalties shall be paid to the Treasurertr Treasurers of the Commissioners, Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in the Streets or public Places in the parochial-or other District wherein any such Offeree shall have been committed, or to such other Person or Persons a* they shall direct and appoint 5 and also, that not only shall such Penalties become payable and to be recovered, but that it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons appointed or to be appointed by the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid for that Purpose, without any Warrant or other Authority than this Act, to seize any such Stall Board, Shew Board, Chopping Block, Basket, Wares, Merchandize, Calks, Goods, Coach, Cart, Wain, Waggon, Dray, Wheelbarrow, Handbarrow, Sledge, Truck or, other Carriage, together with the Horse or Horses, Afs or Asses, Mule or Mules, if any shall be, thereunto belonging, with the Harness, Gear and Accoutrements thereof, or any such Timber or other Materials, or, other matters or things aforesaid, or any of them; and in case any of the Wares, Goods and Merchandizes so seized shall be perishable, or shall be Articles of Food, then the same shall be immediately forfeited, and such Person or Persons who shall seize the same shall deliver the fame or cause the same to be delivered to the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor, or some of them, or to the Matter of any Workhouse situate in the said parochial or other Dittrift, or of the Parish whereunto such District shall belong; and the same shall and may be given and distributed by him or them unto one or among any one or more of the poor Inhabitants of the said parochial or other District, or of such Workhouse, to and for his or their Benefit 5 but otherwise such Person or Persons shall cause the Stall Board, Basket, Cask, Goods, Coach, Cart, Wain, Waggon, Dray, Wheelbarrow, Handbarrow, Sledge, Truck or other Carriage, Horse or Horsea, Asses or Mules, or any Materials and Things so seized, to be removed to any Place appointed for the Reception thereof in any such parochial or other District, if any such there be, and otherwise to such Place or Places as he or they shall judge convenient, giving parole or written Notice of such Place or Places whereunto the same shall be removed, unto the Owner, Driver or other Person having any Interest in the Goods, Coach, Cart, Wain, Waggon, Dray, Wheelbarrow, Handbarrow, Sledge, Truck or other Carriage, Horses, Asses, Mules, Materials or other things so seized or removed, if he, she or they shall be then and there present; and the same shall be there kept and detained until such Owner, Driver or other Person interested therein as aforesaid shall cause to be paid the said Penalty, together with the Charges for taking or removing the fame, and of keeping such Horse or Horses, Asses or Mules, if any; and in case the Goods, Carriage, Horses, Materials or other things so removed ( not being perishable or Articles of Food) shall not be claimed, and the said Penalty and Charges be paid, within Five Days next after such Removal thereof, then and in every such case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons as aforesaid, or their Surveyor of the Pavements, or any other Person to be appointed by the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid, to order the same to be appraised and fold; and the Overplus of the Money arising by such Sale shall be returned to the Owner or Owners thereof, if he or they shall have given such Notice as aforesaid, after de-dufting the said Penalty, and such Costs, Charges and Expences attending such seizing, removing, keeping, appraising and felling the fame, as, the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid, or any Surveyor of the Pavements in any parochial or other District, shall ascertain and allow.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where by this Act or by any local Act or Aft6 of Parliament relating to any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, it may be directed, required and provided, that any Person or Persons setting or placing any Stall Board, Chopping Block, Basket, Wares, Merchandize, Pipe, Barrel, Cask or Vessel, Goods, Timber, Stones, Bricks, Lime or any other materials, matters or things, or causing or procuring the fame or any of them to be set or placed upon any of the Carriage or Foot Pavements or otherwise, contrary to the Regulations herein or in any such local Act or Aft6 contained, in any of the Streets or public Places within the Jurisdiction of this Act, or that any Person or Persons driving or placing any Coach, Cart, Waggon, Dray, Wheelbarrow, Handbarrow, Sledge, Truck or other Carriage in or upon or oyer any of the Foot Pavements in any Streets or Places within the Jurisdiction of this Act, or causing or procuring the same to be so driven or placed, shall have Notice and be required to remove the fame previous to such Person or Persons being subject or liable to the Penalty or Penalties imposed by virtue of such local Act or Acts or of this Act, and to the Seizure, Forfeiture, Appropriation, Appraisement or Sale of any such Goods, Materials, matters and other things, Coaches, Carts, Waggons, Drays, Wheelbarrows, Handbarrows, Sledges, Trucks or other Carriages, in manner directed by. such local Act or Acts or by this Act, then if any Person or Persons shall set or place any Goods, Materials, matters or other things, or shall set, place or drive any Coaches, Carts, Waggons, Drays, Wheelbarrows, Handbarrows, Sledges, Trucks or other Carriages upon or over the said Pavements, or any of them, or any-Part thereof, at any time or times subsequent to his, her or their having received such Notice, or having been required to remove the fame, or any other Goods, Materials, matters or things, or any other Coaches, Carts, Waggons, Drays, Wheelbarrows, Handbarrows, Sledges, Trucks or other Carriages from off the said Pavements or any of them, or shall cause or permit the fame or any of them to be set or placed or driven by his or their Servants, or by any Person or Persons employed by him or them; in any and every such case it shall not be necessary or requisite that any Person or Persons, seeing such Offence or Offences committed again, should require the Removal of the said Goods, Materials, matters or things, or Coaches, Carts, Waggons, Drays, Wheelbarrows, Handbarrows, Sledges, Trucks or other Carriages; but the fame or any of them, being fp again set, placed or driven in, upon or over the said Pavements or any of them, or any Part thereof, contrary £0 the Directions of any such local Act or Acts of Parliament, or of this Act, shall and may be seized, forfeited.

A.D. 1817. 57° GEORGII III. C. xxix. 327

felted, removed, applied, detained, appraised and fold, in manner herein* provided as to any other Goods,

Materials, matters or things, or Coaches, Carts, Waggons, Drays, Wheelbarrows, Handbarrows, Sledges,

Trunks or other Carriages, which shall not be removed on a Requisition or Notice being given so to do as hereinbefore provided; and the Person or Persons so committing the said Offence or Offences, and the Owner or Owners of the Goods, Materials, matters or other things, or Coaches, Carts, Waggons,

Drays, Wheelbarrows, Handbarrows, Sledges, Trucks or other Carriages which shall be so placed or driven, and the Master or Masters, Employer or Employers of the Person or Persons so offending, shall be subject and liable to the fame Penalty or Penalties, Forfeitures, Proceedings, Charges and Punishments, as if such Person or Persons offending had neglected or refused to remove the said Goods, Materials, matters or other things, or Coaches, Carts, Waggons, Drays, Wheelbarrows, Handbarrows, Sledges, Trucks or other Carriages, when required so to do, under and by virtue of any local Act or Acts of Parliament, or of this Act; and although the said Notices or Requisitions shall not have been repeated or again given to the Person or Persons committing or directing or permitting such Offence or Offences, or any of them 5 any thing in this Act or in any

local or other Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

JLXVII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Hog Stye, Slaughter House, Horse-boiling Ella- Hog Styes and blishment, or any other matter which in the Judgment of the Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons other Nuisance* having the Control of the Pavements in any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, is a Nuisance to the other Inhabitants of such parochial or other District or any of them, at any time or times hereafter shall be in any of the Streets, Lanes or public Places in any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements of the said Streets and public Places, upon Complaint thereof to them made by any Inhabitant, and after due Investigation of such Complaint, by Notice in Writing under the Hand or Hands of any of their Surveyor or Surveyors, or of their Clerk or Clerks for the time being, to order that every or any such Hog Stye, Necessary House, Slaughter House or other matter, being a Nuisance, shall be forthwith remedied or removed; and if the same shall not be remedied or removed within not removed on Seven Days after such Notice given to the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers of the Premises ^on, Plaint»*wherein such Nuisance or Nuisances shall be situate, or left for him, her or them, at his, her or their last or usual Place or Places of Abode, or on the said Premises, then every such Owner or Occupier so neglecting to remedy or remove such Nuisance purfuatit to such Notice, and to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons, or of their Surveyor or Surveyors of the Pavements for the time being, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds for every fpch Neglect and Disobedience; and also it Penalty 10L may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons to indict or cause to be in- and Commis-disted such Person or Persons so neglecting or disobeying any such Notice, at the then next or at any sioners»c- 7 future General or Quarter Sessions or Adjourned Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the City, Borough or County wherein such parochial or other District may be situate, for such Nuisance, or for such Disobedience and Offence; and such Person or Persons being found guilty thereof, such Nuisance or Nuisances shall be removed, taken down and abated according to Law with regard to public or common Nuisances, or may be subject to such Punishment for a Misdemeanour, as the Justices assembled at a General, Quarter or Ad- Punishment. journed Sessions for the said City, Borough or County, may direct.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons whomsoever, at any time or times here- Swine not to be after^ shall breed, feed, or keep any kind or Species of Swine in any House, Building, Yard, Garden or kept, nor to wan-other Hereditaments situate and being in or within Forty Yards of any Street or public Place in any paro-chial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, nor shall suffer any Kind or Species of Swine ree* belonging to him or them to stray or go about in any Street or public Place in any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act; and that any Person or Persons who shall so offend shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence the Sum of Forty Shillings, and shall also forfeit the said Swine and every Penalty^os. and of them unto the Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in any Swijle forfeited, such parochial or other District; and that it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners or Trustees or bther Persons, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, Inspector or Inspectors, or any other Officer or Person or Persons directed and appointed by them, and for any Constables and Headboroughs, at all times hereafter all such Swine to felze, take, drive and carry away, and fell for the bcft Price that can be reasonably had; Sod* Swine and the Money thereby produced, after deducting all the Costs and Charges of and incidental to such Seizure, ow 1'

Removal and Sale, to pay to the Treasurer or Treasurers of the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons, or to such other Person or Persons as the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid shall from time to time direct and appoint.

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons at any time or times hereafter shall fist, ^c*

fereen or (lack, or cause to be fifted, fereened or (lacked, any Lime in any Street or public Place in any st^, JVithoiit parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, or shall cause the same to be so done, without Consent of Com the Consent of the Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in the missionen, and Streets or public Places in such parochial or other District, or of their Surveyor or Surveyors of Pave- ereSing In-ments for the time being, and without also previously erecting an Hoard or Inclosure, with the Licence dofures, of the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Pavements in any such parochial or other District first obtained, as directed in any local Act or Acts of Parliament relating to any such parochial or other District, or in this Act, and which Hoard or Inclosure shall inclose all such Lime when and as it shall be fifted, fereened or flacked 5 then1 he, she or they shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence a Sum not being left than Forty Penalty. Shillings nor exceeding Five Pounds, to be recovered in the same manner in which other Penalties are hereafter directed to be recovered by virtue of this Act.

3*8

Entrances to Cellars and Coal Holes, Bars over Areas, &c. to be covered and secured.

Owner or Occupier leaving the lame open, &c.

Exception.

or not repairing, See.

[Penalty.]

Comtnitiioners, See. may cause such Coal Holes, Itc. to be secured.

Charges to he paid by the Own. er or Occupier;

and, if not paid,

Double the Amount certified to be paid, above the Penal ties.

Holes made

for Vaults, to be indofed.

[Penalty.]

C. xxix. 57° GEORGII III. A.D. 1817.

LXX. And be it further enacted, That if at any time or times hereafter the Owner or Owhers, Occupier or Occupiers, of any House, Building or Premises in any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, having any Iron or Wooden Rails or Bars over the Areas or Openings to any Kitchens or' Cellars or other Part or Parts of his or their House, Building or Premises, beneath the Surface of the Foot Pavements of any Streets or public Places in any such parochial or other District, or having any Door-way or Entrance into the Basement or Cellar Story thereof, shall not either keep the fame, or the Walls of such Kitchens or Cellars, in sufficient and good Repair, or safely and securely guard and constantly keep the fame securely guarded by a Rail or Rails, or cover the fame over with a strong Flap or Trap Door, according to the nature of the case, and to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in such parochial or other District, or of the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Pavements in any such parochial or other District for the time being, or of any Inspectorsor other Officers or Persons appointed by the said Commissioners, Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid, or some of them, and so as to prevent Danger to Persons passing and repassing 5 or if any such Occupier or Occupiers do or shall leave open, or not furaciently and substantially cover and keep covered and secured, to such Satisfactton as aforesaid, any Coal or other Hole, Funnel, Trap Door or Cellar Flap, belonging to or connected with his, her or their respective Houses, Buildings or Premises save and except only during such reasonable time as any Coals, Wood, Calks or other things shall be putting dpwn or taking out of any such Vault or Basement Story, or during such reasonable time as the Flap, Trap Door or Covering thereof shall be altering, repairing or amending); or if such Owner or Owfte#, Occupier or Occupiers, shall not repair, and from time to time keep in good and substantial Repair, to the $atisfaction of the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons, or of the said Surveyor or Surveyors, Inspectors or other Persons appointed by the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid, all and every or any such Iron or Wooden Rails, Guard Rails, Flaps, Trap Doors and other Covering; then and in every such case the Person or Persons neglecting so to do shall for every or any such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not being less than Forty Shillings nor exceeding Five Pounds, to be recovered in such and the same manner in which other Penalties are hereafter directed to be recovered by virtue of this Act; and that in any or either of such cases of Neglect, it shall and may be also lawful to and for any Two or more of the said Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons as aforesaid, and without the Authority of any public or general Meeting, or for their Surveyor or Surveyors of the Pavements for the time being, or for their Inspectors, or for any other Person by such Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons appointed as aforesaid, to cause all and every such Doorways, Entrances, Holes and Funnels to be well and securely covered over and guarded, and all Iron or Wooden Rails, or Guard Rails, Flaps, Trap Doors or Coverings, to be well and substantially repaired or renewed by such Person or Persons as they shall think proper to employ, and with such Materials and in such manner as they or he may direct; and that all the Costs, Charges and Expences attending the fame be ascertained >and certified by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Pavements in any such parochial or other District, and shall be borne and paid by the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, or other Person or Persons so neglecting to repair and make good the fame in manner aforesaid; and that if such Costs, Charges and Expences shall not be so paid by such Person or Persons to the said Surveyor or Suryeyors, or to such other Person or Persons as he or they shall or may appoint to receive the same, within Twenty four Hours after an Account of the Costs, Charges and Expences so ascertained and certified shall have been given to or left for such Person or Persons at or on such Houses, Buildings or Premises, then double the Amount of the Sum so certified shall become due and payable from such Person or Persons, over and above the other Penalties hereby imposed, and shall and may be recovered and levied in such and the same manner in which any other Penalties are herein after directed to be recovered, or in which any Monies may be recovered from any Water or Gas Light Companies, or any other Persons, for or on account of any Costs and Charges of relaying any Pavements, by virtue of any local Act or Acts of Parliament relating to such parochial or other District, or of this Act.

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That if at any time or times hereafter any Person or Persons shall dig or make or cause to be dug or made any Hole, or leave or cause to be left any Hole before any Vacant Ground, or before or behind or on die Side of any House or other Tenement or Building erected or being erected or about to be erected in and adjoining to any Street or public Place formed or to be formed or forming in any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, for the Purposes of making any Vault or Vaults, or the Foundation or Foundations to such Houses or other Buildings, or for any other Purpose whatsoever, and shall not forthwith indofe the fame in a good and sufficient manner, to the Satisfaction of the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Pavements for the time being to the Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in such parochial or other District, or shall keep up or cause to be kept up and continued any such Inclosure for any time which shall be longer thart shall be absolutely necessary in the Opinion of the said Commissioners of Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid, or of their Surveyor or Surveyors of Pavements for the time being, or shall not, when thereunto required by such Surveyor or Surveyors, or either of them, well and sufficiently fence or indofe any such Hole or Holes, or Area or Areas, or Space or Spaces, opened or left open, and intended for an Area or Areas, Foundation or Foundations, or for any other Purpose whatsoever, in the Front of or behind or on the side of such vacant Ground, House or other Tenement or Building, in and adjoining to any such Street or public Place formed or to be formed or forming, within Six Hours after he or they shall be required so to do by the said Surveyor or Surveyors of Pavement, and in the manner and with such Materials as he or they shall direct, and to his or their Satisfaction, then and in every or any such case he or they so offending shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence, and for every such Refusal or Neglect, any Sum not being less than Forty Shillings nor exceeding Five Pounds, to be recovered in the same manner in which other Penalties are herein after directed to be recovered by virtue of this Act.

e

C. XXlXr

A.D. 1817. 57° GEORGII III.

329

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners or Signs and other Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements of the Streets and public Places in any paro- Encroachments chial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, and for their Surveyor or Surveyors of Pavements, d

from time to time and at all times hereafter, to regulate or remove, in such manner as he or they shall from Commission

time to time judge proper, all Signs, Sign Iron9, Sign Posts and other Posts, Sheds, Penthouses, Spouts, ers, &c.of Pave-Gutters, Steps, Stairs, Cellar Doors, Bow and other Windows projecting over any Part of either of the roents; Footways or Carriage Ways of any of the said Streets or public Places, Window Shutters, Stumps, Shades,

Rails, Pales, Palisades, Porches, Bulks, Shew Glasses and Shew Boards, Pools, Ceffpools, Citterns and Refer-voirs for Water, and all other or any fixed or moveable Projections, on Hinges or other wise, from the Fronts or Sides of any House or Houses or other Buildings, and now affixed or belonging to, or which shall be hereafter,

affixed or belonging to any House or Houses or other Buildings in or abutting upon or contiguous to any Streets or public Places in any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, or to the Owner or Owners or Occupier or Occupiers of any such Houses or other Buildings, and which in the Judgment of the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid, or of their Surveyor or Surveyors of Pavements for the time being, then do or may obstruct the Circulation of Light and Air, or are inconvenient or incommodious to any Passengers along the Carriage or Footways of any of the said Streets or public Places of or within the Jurisdiction of this Act, or any Part thereof, or to any Inhabitants of such parochial or other District; and that the fame, and all the Roofs, Cornices, Eaves and Pen thou fes of or belonging to such Houses or Buildings respectively, and all Water Pipes or Trunks affixed or belonging or to be affixed or belonging to any such Houses or other Buildings respectively, shall from time to time and at all times be regulated, removed, placed and altered by the Owner or Owners or Occupier or Occupiers of such Houses or other Buildings respectively, as in the Judgment of the Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid, or their Surveyor or Surveyors of the Pavements for the time being, shall be necessary or desirable for the public Convenience; and that in case any Person or Persons owning or occupying and Owner or any House or Houses or other Buildings in or abutting upon or contiguous to any Streets or public Places Occupier to alter in any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, on, being required by any Notice signed or remove the by any Three or more Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in [o^he^udgment the parochial or other District within which the said House or Houses or Buildings may be situate, or by of Commis-their Surveyor or Surveyors of Pavements for the time being, given to or left for such Person or Persons, sioners, $c. or any of them, in or at or upon the said House or Houses or other Buildings or any of them, or at his, or on Notice, their usual or last known Place or Places of Abode, shall not from time to time and at all times immediately Neglecting so to either entirely remove or alter, to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons d01 having the Control of the Pavements in any such parochial or other District, or of their Surveyor or Surveyors of the Pavements for the time being, any Signs, Sign Irons, Sign Posts and other Posts, Sheds,

Penthouses, Spouts, Gutters, Steps, Stairs, Cellar Doors, Bow and other Windows, Window Shutters,

Stumps, Shades, Sun Blinds, Awnings, Rails, Pales, Palisades, Porches, Bulks, Shew Glasses and Shew Boards, Pools, Ceffpools, Citterns and Reservoirs, or other Things then fattened or affixed, or belonging to or connected with any such House or Houses or other Buildings, and all other fixed or moveable Projections or things projecting from the Fronts or Sides of, or added or appendant or belonging to any House or Houses or other Buildings, or to the Owner or Owners or Occupier or Occupiers of any such House or Houses or other Buildings, over any Footways or Carriageways of any Streets or public Places within the Jurisdiction of this Act, or any Part, or any of them, and the Roofs, Cornices, Eaves and Penthouses,

Waterpipes or Trunks, affixed or to be affixed, or belonging or to belong unto or connected with any of such Houses or Buildings respectively j then and in every such case any and every such Person or Persons refusing or neglecting immediately so to do, to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid, or of their Surveyor or Surveyors of the Pavements for the time being, shall for every such Offence, and upon every such Refusal or Neglect, forfeit and pay a Sum not being less than Forty Shillings nor exceeding Five Pounds, and which may be recovered in the same manner in which other Penally. Penalties are herein after directed to be recovered by virtue of this Act.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons at any time or times hereafter shall Slop, Soap Lees, drive or cause to be driven any Cart or other Carriage with any Soap Lees, Night Soil, Ammoniacal Liquor,c. to be carried Slop, Filth or Channel Mire or Dirt therein, through or in any of the Streets or other public Places in any cov<red

parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, without such Cart or other Carriage having a proper Covering or Boards, called Flaflf Boards, to prevent the fame from flopping or spilling in any of the said Streets or other public Places; or shall at any time or times hereafter drive or cause to be driven any Cart or other Carriage with any Soap Lees, Night Soil or Ammoniacal Liquor therein, through or in any of the Streets or public Places in any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, between the Hours of driving Hours of Six of the Clock in the Morning and Eight of the Clock in the Evening of any Day; or shall and manner of fill any such covered Cart or other Carriage, so as to turn over or cast any Soap Lees, Night Soil, Am- filling, moniacal Liquor, Slop, Mire or Channel Dirt or Filth, in or upon any of the said Streets or othpr public Places; it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons whomsoever to seize and apprehend and to assist Offender feizcil. in seizing and apprehending the Offender or Offenders, and by the Authority of this Act, and without any other Warrant or Authority, to convey him or them before feme Justice of the Peace for the City, Borough or County wherein such parochial or other District shall be situate; and which Justice is hereby authorized and required to hear Evidence and determine upon such Offence; and every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds, to be recovered in the same manner as other Penalty j!. Penalties are herein after directed to be recovered by virtue of this Act; Provided always, that in case the 57 Geo. III. U u Person

v

3 3° C'. xxix.

57° GEORGII III.

A.D. 18j 7.

In vthat case-Owner, See. to pay.

Hours of remov -ing Night Soil, lee.

rest ion.

Penalty 5L on Owner, &c. and

thereon.

Person or Persons so offending cannot be apprehended, then the Owner or Owners of such Cart or Carriage in which such Soap Lees, Night Soil, Ammoniacai Liquor, Slpp, Filth, Mire or Channel Dirt shall be put or placed, and also the Employer or Employer* of the Person or Persons so offending, shall be liable to and shall forfeit and pay such Penalty as aforesaid, to be recovered as aforesaid.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Persons or Persons at any time or times hereafter shall empty or begin to empty any Bog House or Bog Houses, or to take away any Night Soil from

any House or Houses or Premises within the Streets or other public Places in any parochial or other

District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, or shall come with Carts or Carriages for that Purpose save and except between the Hours of Twelve of the Clock in the Night and Five of the Clock in the Morning from Lady Day to Michaelmas in every Year, and between Twelve of the Clock at Night and Six of the Clock in the Morning from Michaelmas to Lady Day in every Year); or if any Person or Persons shall put or cast or cause to be put or caff out of any Cart or Tub or otherwise any Night Soil in or near any of the Streets or other public Places in any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, it shall be lawful for any Constables, Headboroughs, Patrols, Beadles ot Watchmen (and they are hereby strictly charged and required and directed so to do), or for any other Per-Offender may be son or Persons whomsover, without any Warrant or other Authority than this Act, to apprehend and carry

apprehended. any Person or Persons guilty of the said Offences, or either of them, to any Watch House of the parochial or

Proceedings. other District wherein such Offence shall have been committed, or to any other Place of Confinement or Security, and from thence to convey him, her or them, as soon as conveniently may be, before some Justice of the Peace for the City, Borough or County wherein such parochial or other District shall be situate, who Offender maybe (upon Oath or Affirmation made of such Offence or Offences as aforesaid) shall commit every such Offender HoaTe^of Cor- or ^ffen<^ers to the House of Correction for the fame City, Borough or County wherein such parochial or other District shall be situate as aforesaid, for any time not exceeding Thirty Days, to be computed from the Day of Commitment; and the Owner or Owners of any Carts, Carriages, Horses or Beads employed in and about emptying or removing such Night Soil, or coming for that Purpose save and except within the Honrs hereby allowed!, or the Employer or Employers of any Person or Persons who shall so put or cast out any such Night Soil, shall forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds for every such Offence; and any Person or Persons Carts 8cc seized may k*ze ^arts or Carriages or the Horses or Beads drawing the fame, with the Gears, Harness and ProceedingsUt Accoutrements, and remove or take such Carts or Carriages, Horses or Beasts, to such Place in the said parochial or other District as may be appointed for such or similar Purposes, if any such there be, or other wise to such Place or Places as the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Pavements of such parochial or other District shall order and direct, there to be detained until the Owner or Owners, Employer or Employers, shall pay the said Penalty, together with all Costs, Charges and Expences incurred in and about or relating to the Seizure, removing and keeping the said Carts or Carriages or Horses, ot in any manner incidental thereto; and in case the same shall not be demanded, and the said Penalty and all such Costs, Charges and Expences, to be ascertained and determined by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Pavements of the said parochial or other District for the time being, and within Five Days next after such Seizure, then it shall be lawful for such Surveyor or Surveyors to order the same to be appraised and fold, and the Money arising therefrom shall be applied ia Payment of such Penalty and Costs, Charges and Expences; and after deducting the fame, the Overplus, as so ascertained by the said Surveyor or Surveyors, may be paid to the Owner or Owners thereof, when he or they shall apply for the fame; and also that One Moiety of such Penalty shall belong to and shall be paid to or among the Person or Persons giving Information of such Offences, or any of them, and apprehending the Offender or Offenders, and seizing, removing and detaining such Carts or Carriages, and Horses or Beasts, as hereinbefore is authorized and directed.

LXXV. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons whomsoever shall erect, place, set np or build, in any Street or other public Place in any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act> at any time or times hereafter, any Hoard or Scaffolding, or place or erect any Polls, Bars, Rails, Boards or other thing, by way of Inclosure, for the Purpose of making Mortar or of depositing or lifting, fereening or (lacking any Brick, Stone, Lime, Sand or any other Materials for building or repairing any House or other Tenement or Erection, or for other Works, or for any other Purpose, without Leave or Licence first had and obtained under the Hand or Hands of the Surveyor or Surveyors for the time being of the Pavements of such parochial or other District, who is and are hereby required to grant the fame forthwith for the Purpose of making Mortar, and depositing or sifting, fereening or flacking any Bricks, Stone, Lime, Sand or any other Materials for building or repairing any House or other Tenement or Erection, specifying therein the Length of Time for which the fame when so erected or set up may be continued, and giving such other Directions respecting the fame ns he or they may think necessary, on being paid by every- Person so applying for such Licence the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence 5 and that if any Person or Persons shall erect, place, ing Hoard, set up or build, or cause or permit to be erected, placed, set up or built any such Hoard or Scaffolding, or &c. without any Jndofure, Polls, Bars or Rails, or any other matter or thing for the Purposes aforesaid, or for any other Purpose, without the Leave or Licence, signed as aforesaid, of the said Surveyor or Surveyors of the Pavements so had and obtained, or shall erect, set up or build the fame, or cause or permit the same to be set up or erected in any other manner, or to be continued for any longer time than shall be allowed or expressed in such Licence, then and in either of the said cases such Person or Persons or the Person or Persons by whom he or they shall or may be employed, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Shillings for every Day that the same shall have been and shall be set up and continued; and also that it shall and may Be lawful for the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements of such parochial or other

Penalty, how

disposed of.

Hoards to be erected, but not without Licence of Surveyor.

What is to be specified in Licence.

Pee.

Licence,

or unduly continuing,

Penalty. Commissioner*, &c. may cause

removed^ to^District, or for the said Surveyor or Surveyors of the Pavebients for the time being, to cause the same to be t.14 pulled

A.D. 1817.

57° GEORGII III. C. xxix.

pulled down and removed, and the fame and all the Materials thereof, and of every Part thereof, to be kept and detained until such Person or Persons shall and do pay to the said Surveyor or Surveyors of the Pavements, or to the Person or Persons in whose Custody the same shall be, all the Penalties incurred by such Person or Persons, together with the Charges of pulling down, removing and keeping the fame, to be ascertained and determined by the said Surveyor or Surveyors 5 and in case the same shall not be claimed, and the said Penalties and Charges aforesaid shall not be paid, within the Space of Five Days next after the pulling down and Removal thereof, then it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid, or for their Surveyor or Surveyors of the Pavements, to order or cause the same to be appraised and fold; and the Money arising therefrom, after deducing all the said Charges, shall be paid to the Treasurer or Treasurers of the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid, or to such other Person or Persons as they from time to time shall or may direct or appoint.

LXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements of the Streets and public Places in any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, may order and direct all and every the Houses and other Tenements or Buildings within oil or any of the Streets and other public Places within their respective parochial or other Distnft (if no Other public Body shall possess and have exercised such Power) to be numbered with Figures placed or painted upon or over the Doors thereof, or such other Part of the said Houses, Tenements or other Buildings respectively, as they the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid, or their Surveyor or Surveyors of the Pavements for the time being, shall think proper; and may also order and direct to be engraved, painted or otherwise described on a conspicuous Part of any House, Tenement or other Building, at or near the End or Corner of each Street and other public Place, the Name by which such respective Street and public Place is usually or properly called or known; and if any Person or Persons shall wilfully destroy, injure, obliterate or deface any such Number, Figure, Name or Description, or any Part thereof* or cause or procure the same to be destroyed, injured, obliterated' or defaced, and shall be convicted thereof by his or their own Confession, or by the Oath or Affirmation of any One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before any Justice of the Peace for the City, Borough or County wherein such parochial or other District shall be situate, and which Oath or Affirmation such Justice is hereby empowered to administer, every such Person so offending for every such Offence shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Forty Shillings; and also, that when any Number, Figure, Name or Description shall be engraven, painted or otherwise described, placed or affixed as aforesaid on any House, Tenement or other Building within any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, and the fame or any Part thereof shall be destroyed, injured, obliterated or defaced, the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers of any such House, Tenement or other Budding where the Number, Figure, Name or other Description or any Part thereof shall have been so de-ftrdyed, injured, obliterated or defaced, upon Notice given to or left for him or them at such House, Tenement or Building, or at his or their last or most usual Place of Abode, signed by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Pavements to the Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in such parochial or other District, or by such other Person or Persons as the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid shall appoint, shall cause the fame Number, Figure, Name or Description to be in the fame or like manner engraven, painted or described, placed or affixed on such House, Tenement and other Building, within Three Days after such Notice shall be given or left as aforesaid, at his or their own Charges; and in case he or they shall refuse or neglect so to do pursuant to such Notice, he or they shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence a Sum not being less than Ten Shillings nor exceeding Twenty Shillings for each and every Day after the Expiration of the said Term of Three Days, after such Notice shall be given or left, during which he or they shall so refuse or neglect; and that every such Penalty shall be recovered in the same manner as other Penalties are herein after directed to be recovered by virtue of this Act.

LXXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements of any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, from time to time and at any time hereafter to cause all or fcny of the Streets and other public Places within their respective Jurisdiction to be watered, and to be so watered either by any Person or Persons employed by them, or by any other Persons engaging to execute the fame by public Contract or private Agreement, for such Prices and for such time, and in such Manner and on such Terms,s they shall think proper and approve; and also may cause any Well or Wells to be dug or sunk, and any Pump or Pumps to be made and erected, in such Places (not being a Vault, Cellar or other Building, under any of the said Streets or other public Places), and also to cause any Pump or Pumps now Handing, or which shall hereafter be erected for the Purposes of watering the fame, from time to time be removed, altered or repaired; and may purchase and repair Carts and Hones and Pipes and other Implements, and may employ any Carters, Workmen and Servants, and may rent or erect any Stables or other Buildings necessary for the Purpose of keeping such Carts and Implements and Horses, and may do or cause to be done all other matters and things which they may deem necessary for that Purpose; and the Charges and Expences thereof shall be paid out of the Monies received for and towards the paving and repairing the Pavements of such parochial or other District, either exclrffively or jointly with, for or towards any other Objects or Purposes, or out of any Monies to be raised and produced by the Rates or Assessments herein after authorized to be made for that Purpose; and that it may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons as aforesaid, at any Meeting or Meetings, from time to time in each and every Year, to make and sign such further and additional Rates or Assessments upon all and every Person and Person? who do or shall inhabit, hold, occupy, be in Possession of, or enjoy any MdGTuages, Tenements, Lands, Grounds, Coach Houses, Stables, Cellars, Vaults, Houses, Shops, Warehouses or other Buildings or Hereditaments whatsoever, within any such Street or public Place which


331

Proctedings

thereon.

Commissioners may direct Streets to he distinguished, and Houses to be numbered; Exception.

Obliterating, kc. Number, Sec.

Penalty. Names and Numbers 10 be restored,

on Notice to Owner or Occupier.

[Penalty.]

Streets may be watered by Direction of Commissioners, &c. of Pavements.

Wells and Pumps sunk and erected, kc.

and Carters, kc.

employed.

Expences of watering Streets may be defrayed by 1 j ecial Rates;

33*

C. xxixl

57° GEORGII III.

AiDa8i7.

to be paid to the Collector of the Paving Rates;

and accounted for and enforced in the same manner as Paving Rates.

13ist Races not to be made until Three Fourths of the Inhabitants of any Street request the same to be watered.

Courts, Alleys, &c. may be (topped up with the Approbation of Two or more Justices, and with the Consent of the Owners of contiguous Property, as herein mentioned;

but not to be (lopped without such Consent.

Streets may be widened and im proved by Com rmdioners, & c.;

Exception;

shall be watered by virtue of this Act, as may, in the Opinion of the said Ccfmmiffidners or Trustees, otf other Persons as aforesaid present at such Meeting, be sufficient for defraying the Charges and Expences of sinking such Wells, and erecting and repairing such Pumps, and watering such Streets and public Places respectively, and all other Charges and Expences relating or incidental thereto; so that in any one Year such further additional Rate or Assessment shall not exceed the Sum of Sixpence in the Pound upon or according to the full Annual Rents or Value of such Hereditaments respectively; and that every such Rate and Assessment. shall specify the Period for which it is made, and shall be demanded and collected from the usual Quarter Day-preceding the time of making and signing the fame; and that all and every such Rates or Assessments, if so made and signed, shall be paid, by the Person and Persons liable to the Payment thereof, to the Collector or Collector6 or other Person or Persons appointed or from time to time to be appointed to collect the Rates or Assessments made or to be made for or towards the Expences of paving and repairing the Pavements of the Streets and public Places within such parochial or other District, either exclusively or jointly with, for or towards any other Objects or Purposes; and also, that all such Rates or Assessments shall be recovered and levied of and from such Person or Persons, and shall be accounted for and paid over to such Person and Persons, in such and the like Form and Manner, with such Powers of Distress, and according to such Rules* Methods and Directions, as are mentioned and appointed in and by this Act, or by any local Act or Acts of Parliament relating to such parochial or other District, relating to collecting, receiving, recovering, levying, accounting for, and applying the several Rates and Assessments made and to be made for and towards the Expences of paving or repairing the Pavement of any Streets or public Places within such parochial or other District, either exclusively or jointly with or for or towards any other Objects or Purposes as aforesaid.

LXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons as aforesaid, may not rate or assess the Inhabitants or Occupiers of any Houses, Hereditaments or Preraifes, or other rateable Property within any Street or public Place in any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, with any such further or additional Rate or Assessment, unless a Majority of the Inhabitants or Occupiers of such Houses, Hereditaments and Premises, and other rateable Property (such Majority not being less than Three Fourths of such Inhabitants or Occupiers within such Streets or public Places), shall at the fame or at some previous time have figDified and expressed their Wi(h and Consent in Writing that such Street or public Place should be watered, and shall have signed their Names to such Writing, and delivered or caused the same to be delivered to the said Commissioners or Trustees, or such other Persons as aforesaid, or to their Clerk or Clerks for the time being.

LXXIX. And Whereas there are in certain parochial or other Districts within the Jurisdiction of this Act*certain Courts, Alleys and Places which, without Inconvenience to the Public, might be discontinued and«flopped up, and which, from their private and confined Situation, and by being Harbours or Receptacles for Filth and Rubbish, are noisome and offensive Be it therefore further enacted, That if upon the View of any Two or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the City, Borough or County wherein such Court, Alley or Place may be situate, it shall to them appear that any such Court, Alley or Place is become unnecessary, and may, without Inconvenience to the Public, or to the Owners of Houses or Tenements adjoining thereto, be discontinued and flopped up, then and in such oafe it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justices, by and with the Consent of the Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements of the Streets and public Places in such parochial or other District, testified by Writing under the Hand of the Clerk or Clerks to such Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons as aforesaid for the time being, and by and with the Consent of the Owner and Owners of the Houses, Lands or Tenements adjoining to Four Parts in Five in the Length of any such Court, Alley or Place, testified by Writing under his, her or their Hand or Hands, at any Special Session to be holden for that Purpose, by Order under the Hands and Seals of such Justices, to discontinue and flop up any and every such Court, Alley or Place; and all such Courts, Alleys and Places, or such Proportion thereof as may adjoin to the Houses or Tenements of such Person who shall have so consented, shall be discontinued and (lopped up accordingly, subject to Appeal, as herein after is mentioned: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend so as to authorize the discontinuing or (lopping up any Court, Alley or Place, or any Part or Parts thereof, whereby or in consequence whereof any House, Tenement or Land shall be so inclosed (unless with such Consent as aforesaid) that the Owner or Owners thereof shall be prevented from passing freely to and repassing freely from such House, Tenement or Land.

LXXX. And be it further enacted, That for the Improvement of the Streets and public Places in the - parochial or other Districts within the Jurisdiction of this Act, and for the public Advantage, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements of any parochial or other District, from time to time and at all times hereafter to alter, widen, turn or extend any of the Streets or other public Places within any such parochial or other District (except Turnpike Roads), and to lengthen and continue or open the fame from the Sides or Ends of any Streets or public Places within any parochial or other District, into any other Street or public Place within such or any other parochial or other District, and to raise, level, lower, drain, ballad, gravel or pave such new Part or Parts of any such Streets or public Places so altered, widened, extended, opened or lengthened as aforesaid; and that if any Houses, Walls, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, or any Part thereof, shall be -adjudged by the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid to project into, obstruct or prevent them from so altering, turning, widening, extending, lengthening, continuing or opening the said Streets or public Places within the said parochial or ether District, and that the Possession, Occupation and Purchase of such Houses, Walls, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments will be necessary for that Purpose, it shall and may be lawful to and fqr the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid, and they shall have full

Power

A.D. 1817. 57° GEORGII III. C. xxix.

Power and Authority, to treat, contract and agree, or to employ any Person or Persons to treat, contract and agree with the several Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers of all fqch Houses, Walls, .Buddings, Lands and Hereditaments* of whatsoever Nature, Tenure, Kind or Quality, for the Purposes aforesaid, and to pay for the fame such Sum and Sums of Money as shall be agreed upon by the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid, and the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers thereof, out of the Money to arise and be raised and to be received by them, either by virtue of any local Act or Acts of Parliament relating to such parochial or other Distri#, or of this Act, and to pull down, use, sell or dispose of such Houses, Walls and Buildings, and the Materials thereof, and lay the Sites thereof, and also such other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or so much thereof as they the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid shall think proper, into the said Streets or other public Places, and all such new Parts of such Streets or public Places; and the Owners and Occupiers of Houses and Buildings, Messuages and other Hereditaments therein and adjoining thereto, shall be subject and liable to all the Rates, Assessments, Powers, Provisions, Orders, Clauses and things to be made by virtue of or contained in any local Act or Acts of Parliament relating to such parochial or other Distri#, or by virtue of or contained in this Act, in the same manner as the present Streets and public Places included in any such local Act or Acts, or within the Jurisdi#ion of this Act, and the Owners and Occupiers of Houses or Buildings and Messuages or other Hereditaments therein and adjoining thereto.

LXXXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for all Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Tenants for Life or in Tail, or others having a partial or qualified Interest or Estate in any Houses, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, Husbands, Femes Covert, Guardians, Trustees and Feoffees in Trust for Charities or other Purposes, Committees, Executors or Administrators, and all other Persons whomsoever, not only on behalf of themselves and their respective Heirs, Executors, Administrators and Successors, but also on behalf of all Persons entitled in Reversion or Remainder expe#ant on an Estate Tail, and on behalf of all Persons entitled in Reversion or Remainder expectant on an Estate for Life, or other less Estate, or by way of executory Devise, in case such Persons shall be incapacitated or decline to treat, and on behalf of their respective Wives and Cestuique Trusts, whether Infants, Issue unborn, Lunatics, Idiots, Femes Covert or others, and for all and every other Person or Persons whomsoever who are and shall be seized, possessed of or interested in any such Houses, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, to treat and agree with the said Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in the Streets or public Places in any parochial or other Distri# within the Jurisdiction of this Act as aforesaid, for the absolute Sale thereof, and to sell and convey to the said Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons as aforesaid, l>y Feoffment, Lease and Release, or Bargain and Sale, by Deed indented and inrolledin any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, for such valuable Consideration as shall be bond Jide agreed upon for such Houses, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments as shall be adjudged necessary and convenient for the Purposes aforesaid; and that all Contracts, Agreements, Sales or Conveyances which shall be bond Jide made for the Purpose aforesaid, shall be good and effectual in the Law to all Intents and Purposes 5 any thing to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

LXXXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or any other Person or Persons seized or possessed of or interested in any such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments as aforesaid, shall refuse to treat or agree, or shall not agree, or by reason of Absence or Disability cannot agree with the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements of any Streets or public Places in any parochial or other Distri# within the Jurisdi#ion of this Act, or with any Person or Persons authorized by them, for the Sale and Conveyance of their respective Estates and Interests therein, or cannot be found or known, or shall not produce and evince a clear Title to the Premises they are m Possession of, or to the Interest they claim therein, to the Satisfa#ion of the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid, or of the Person or Persons so authorized by them, then and in every such case it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid, and they are hereby required, to issue a Warrant or Warrants, Precept or Precepts, directed to the Sheriff or Sheriffs or Bailiff or other proper Officer of the City, Borough or County wherein the Premises shall respectively lie or be, who is hereby authorized, directed and required accordingly to impannel, summon and return a competent Number of substantial and disinterested Persons qualified to serve on Juries, not lcfs than Forty eight nor more than Seventy two; and out of such Persons so to be impannelled, summoned and returned, a Jury of Twelve Men shall be drawn by some indifferent Person to be by the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid appointed, in such manner as Juries for the Trial of I flues joined in His Majesty's Courts at Westminster are by an Act made in the Third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for the better Regulation of Juries, are aire#ed to be drawn; which Persons so to be impannelled, summoned and returned as aforesaid, are hereby required to come and appear before the Justices of the Peace for the City, Borough or County wherein the Premises shall lie or be, at some Court of General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden in and for the fame City, Borough or County, or at some Adjournment thereof, as in such Warrant or Warrants, Precept or Precepts, shall be directed and appointed, and to attend such Court of General or Quarter Sessions from Day to Day until discharged by the said Court; and all Parties concerned shall and may have their lawful Challenges against any of the said Jurymen, but shall not be at Liberty to challenge the Array 5 and the said Justices are hereby authorized and empowered, by Precept or Precepts, from time to time asOccasion shall require, to call before them all and every Person and Persons whomsoever who shall be thought proper and necessary to be examined as a Witness or Witnesses on his, her or their Oath or Oaths, touching or concerning the Premises j and the said Justices, if they think fit, shall and may, on the Application of either

Party,

333

who may purchase Houses, Sec. obUructing;

and Owners, Sec. of Houses, &c. liable to Rate?.

Corporate or Collegiate Bodies and incapacitated Persons enabled to fell for the Purposes aforesaid.

All such Contracts, &c. good.

'W'hen Parties refuse or are unable to treat. See. a Precept to be iiTued for ionpannelling a Jury,

who are to he drawn as 3 G. 2. c. 2J. directs.

Jury to attend, Sec.;

may be challenged.

Justices, on the Application of

334 & xxix.

57° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1817.

Verdict of the Jury, &c. to he final, previous Notic given 'ties interested.

ed shall not exceed the Sum offered,

either Party, Party, like wife authorize the said Jury to view the Place or Places or Premises in question in such manner they shall direct; and the said Justices shall have Power to adjourn such Court from Day to Day as Premises. # Occasion shall require, and to command such Jury, Witnesses and Parties to attend until all such Affairs for Jury to assess the which they were summoned shall be concluded; and the said Jury upon their Oaths (which Oaths, as also the Value on Oath. Oaths of such Person or Persons as shall be called upon to give Evidence, the said Justices are hereby empowered and required to administer) shall inquire of the Value of such Hotafes, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, and of the proportionable Value of the respective Estates and Interests of all and every Person and Persons seized or possessed thereof, or interested therein, or of or in any Part or Parts thereof, and shall assess and award the Sum or .Sums of Money to be paid to such Person or Persons, Party or Parties respectively, for the Purchase of such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, and of such respective Estates and Interests therein, and also for Good Will, Improvements or any Injury or Damage what foe ver that may affect any such Person or Persons, Party or Parties, either as Leaseholders or Tenants at Will, provided that such Good Will shall be estimated by what, in the Opinion of such Jury, the fame would have been worth in case the Improvements intended by this Act had not been in Contemplation; and the said Justices shall and may give Judgment for such Sum or Sums of Money so to be assessed; which Verdict or Verdi&8, and the Judgment and Judgments, Determination and Determinations thereupon, Notice'bcii)118 (Notice in Writing being given to the Person or Persons interested or claiming so to be, at lead Fourteen give!" to thenar- ^ay before the Time of the Meeting of the said Justices as aforesaid and Jury, by leaving such Notice at the Dwelling House of such Person and Persons, or at his, her or their !hft usual Place or Places of Abode, or with some Tenant or Occupier of the Premises respectively intended to be valued, ) shall be binding and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever against all Bodies Politic, Corporate and Collegiate, and all and every Person and Persons claiming any Estate, Right, Title, Trust, Use or Interest in, to or out of such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments and Premises, in Possession, Reversion, Remainder or Expectancy, as well Infants and Issue unborn, Lunatics, Idiots and Femes Covert, and Persons imder any other legal Incapacity or Disability, as all other Ceftuiquc Trusts, their, his and her Heirs, Successors, Executors and Administrators, and against all other Persons whomsoever; and the said Verdicts, Judgments and Determinations, and all other Proceedings of the said Justices and Juries so to be made, given and pronounced as aforesaid, shall be fairly written on Parchment, and signed by the Clerk of the Peace for the If the Sum assess- time being of the City, Borough or County wherein the Premises shall respectively lie or be; and in case it rt"11 shall so happen that the Sum or Sums of Money so to be assessed and awarded in consequence of such Re-

fufal to treat and agree as aforesaid, as the Value of such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or as such proportional Value as aforesaid, and as the Recompence and Satisfaction to be made for the Injury or Damage sustained as before mentioned respectively, shall not exceed the Sum or Sums of Money which the said Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons as aforesaid, or any Person or Persons authorized the Costi of such by them, shall have previously offered to pay as and for such Value, Recompence and Satisfaction; then and r^iin every ^uck ca^e the reasonable Costs, Charges and Expences of causing and procuring such Value and Body'politic, &c. Recom Pence to be assessed and awarded as aforesaid, and also assessing and awarding the fame, shall be borne and paid by the Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or other Person or Persons so seized or possessed of or interested in such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, and so refusing tond the Commit- treat and agree as before mentioned respectively 5 and the said Commissioners or Trustees, or other Per-^on8 as a^ore^» are hereby authorized and empowered to deduct and retain the said Costs, Charges and Expences out of the Sum or Sums of Money so to be assessed or awarded as aforesaid, or out of any Part thereof: Provided always, that in all cases where any Person or Persons shall by reason of Absence have been prevented from treating about such Recompence or Satisfaction as aforesaid, such Costs and Charges shall be borne and paid by the said Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons as aforesaid, in manner aforesaid.

LXXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Justices shall have Power from time to time to impose any reasonable Fine, not exceeding the Sum of Twenty Pounds, on such Sheriff or Bailiff, or his Deputy or Deputies, Bailiffs or Agents respectively, making Default in the Premises, and on any of the Persons who shall be summoned and returned on any such Jury or Juries, and shall not appear, without for Non Attend- sufficient Excuse, or appearing shall refuse to be sworn on the said Jury or Juries, or being so sworn shall ance* not give his or their Verdict 5 and also on any Person or Persons who shall be summoned to give Evidence

touching any of the matters aforesaid, and shall not attend, or attending shall refuse to be sworn, or to affirm, or who shall refuse to give his, her or their Evidence, and on any Person or Persons who shall in any Other manner wilfully negleCk his, her or their Duty in the Premises, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; and from time to time to levy such Fine or Fines, by Order of the said Justices, by Distress and Sale of the Offenders Goods and Chattels, together with the reasonable Charges of every such Distress and Sale, returning the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners; and that a Copy of the Order of the said Justices, signed by the Clerk of the Peace for the time being of the City, Borough or County wherein the Premises shall lie or be, as the case shall require, shall respectively be sufficient Authority to the Person or Persons therein to be appointed, and to every other Person acting or aiding and assisting therein, to make such Distress and Sale; and all such Fines shall be paid to the Treasurer or Treasurers of the Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons as aforesaid having the Control of the Pavements hi the parochial or other District wherein such Premises shall lie or be, or to such other Person or Persons as they may respectively from time to time appoint.

LXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Buildings* Tenements or Hereditaments, or for any other matter, Right or Interest, of what nature

Proviso for Ab-fentees at to Costs, &c.

Justices empowered 10 impose Fines on Sheriff and Jury and Witnesses

Fine levied by Pistress.

Application of Compensation

A.D. 1817. 5J° GEORGII III. C. xxix.

ture or kind soever, purchased, taken or used by virtue of the Pbwers of this Act for the Purpose thereof* which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatic, or Person or Persons under any other Disability or Incapacity, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there ex parte the said Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements of the Streets or public Places in the parochial or other Districts within the Jurisdiction of this Act, wherein such Lands* Buildings, Tenements or Hereditaments shall be or lie as aforesaid, together with the Name or Names of such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid, by Writing signed by them, shall dire# and appoint, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summaryWay by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Buildings, Tenements or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of Land Tax, or Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance or Part thereof a6 the said Court shall authorize to be paid affecting the fame Lands, Buildings, Tenements or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Buildings, Tenements or Hereditaments standing settled therewith to the fame or the like Uses, Intents or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and invested, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, Buildings, Tenements or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents and Purposes, and in the same manner as the Messuages, Lands, Buildings, Tenements and Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the meantime and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall* by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the meantime and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and anntial Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from time to time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Buildings, Tenements and Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made,

LXXXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Buildings, Tenements or Hereditaments, or for any other matter, Right or Interest of what nature or kind soever, purchased, taken or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken or used, or of his, her or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in manner hereinbefore directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any manner hereinbefore directed, so far as the case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

LXXXVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments and Premises so purchased, taken or used for the Purposes of this Act, in such manner as the said Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons as aforesaid, shall think fit 5 or in case of Infency or Lunacy, then to his, her or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

LXXXVII. And be it further enacted, That upon Payment of any Sum or Sums so agreed or awarded to the Party or Parties to whom the same shall be so awarded, or upon the Deposit of the fame in the Bank of England in manner by this Aftdirested (as the case maybe), the said Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments in respect whereof the same shall have been so paid or deposited as aforesaid, shall vest in the Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons as aforesaid for the time being, in manner and for the Purposes aforesaid, who shall be deemed in Law to be in the actual Possession thereof to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, freed and discharged from all former and other Estates, Rights, Titles, Intel efts, Claims and Demands whatsoever.

LXXXV 111. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right or Interest in any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments to be purchased in pursuance of this Act, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall Have been

in

335

where*mounting to 400k

Application where the Compensation less than 200l. and exceeding aol.

Application where the Me* r.ey is lei's than 20l.

On Payment of the Puri hale Money Premises to veil in Commissioners, &c.

How far, where any Question fliuil arise touching the Title to Money to be paid, the Person who shall be in Polfilfion of the

336

Lands, &c. at the time of such Purchase, shall be deemed entitled thereto, according to such Possession.

The Court of Chancery may order reasonable Expences of Purchases to he paid by the Commissioners, Bec.

Tenants at Will, &c. to deliver Possession on Six Months Notice.

Where Tenant obliged to quit before Expiration of Term, Commissioners, &c. to make Compensation, which may be ascertained by a Jury.

RefuGng to give up Possession, Proceedings.

Costs*

Mortgagees not in Possession, on Tender of Principal and Interest, and Six Months' Interest, to convey to Commi fflioners, &c.;

or on Six Months Notice;

on Refu(si, I11-terest on Mott-gage to cease.

Mortgagee^ not to be paid more than the real

C. xxix. 57° GEORGII III. A.D. 1817.

in Possession of such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments at the time of such Purchase, and all Persons claim* ing under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such<Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that fofne other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

LXXXIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where by reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons or Corporation entitled to any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments to be purchased, or purchased under the Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the Court of Chancery, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court of Chancery to order the Expences of all Purchases from time to time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, to be paid by the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid, who shall from time to time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

XC. And be it further enacted, That every Tenant at Will or Lessee for a Year, or any other Person or Persons in Possession of any such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, or any Part thereof, which shall be purchased by virtue and for the Purposes of this Act, and who shall have no greater Interest in the Premises than as Tenant at Will or Lessee for a Year, or from Year to Year, shall deliver up the Possession of such Premises to the said Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons as aforesaid having the Control of the Pavements in the Streets or public Places in the parochial or other Division within the Jurisdiction of this Act, wherein such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, or to such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid shall appoint to take Possession of the fame, upon having Six Calendar Months Notice to quit such Possession from the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid, or from the Person or Persons so authorized by them; and such Person or Persons in Possession shall at the End of the said Six Calendar Months, whether such Notice be given with reference to the rime or times of such Tenants holding or not, or so soon as he, she or they shall be required, peaceably and quietly deliver up the Possession of the said Premises to the said Commissioners or Trustees, or other Person* as aforesaid, or the Person or Persons authorized by the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Person* as aforesaid to take Possession thereof 5 and in case any such Tenant should be compelled to quit before the Expiration of his or her Term in any such Premises, then and in such case the said Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons as aforesaid, shall and they are hereby required to make Satisfaction and Compensation for the Loss or Damage which he or she shall or may sustain thereby; and in case any Difference or Dispute shall arise as to the Amount of such Satisfaction or Compensation, the same shall or maybe determined, settled and ascertained by a Jury, in such and the like manner as the Sum or Sums of Money to be paid for the Purchase of any Lauds, Tenements or Hereditaments, is herein directed to be determined, settled and afeettained; and that in case any such Person or Persons so in Possession as aforesaid shall refuse to give such Possession as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons as aforesaid, to issue their Preceptor Precepts to the Sheriff or Sheriffs, or Bailiff, or other proper Officer of the City, Borough or County wherein such parochial or other District shall be situate, to deliver Possession of the said Puemifes to such Person or Persons as shall in such Precept or Precepts be nominated to receive the same; and the said Sheriff or Sheriffs or Bailiff, and every other proper Officer, is hereby authorized and required to deliver such Possession accordingly of the said Premises, and to levy such Costs as shall accrue from the issuing and Exe- cution of such Precept or Precepts on the Person or Persons so refusing to give Possession as aforesaid, by Distress and Sale of his, her or their Goods. j

XCI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons who shall have any Mortgage or Mortgages on such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, not being in Possession thereof by virtue of such Mortgage or Mortgages, ' shall, on the Tender of the Principal Money and Interest due thereon, together with the Amount of Six Calendar Months' Interest on the said Principal, by the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in the Streets or public Places in such parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, wherein the said Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments shall lie or be as aforesaid, or by such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, immediately convey, assign, and transfer such Mortgage or Mortgages to the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint; or in ca(e such Mortgagee or Mortgagees shall have Notice in Writing from the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid, or from such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, that they will pay off and discharge the Principal Money and Interest which shall be due on the said Mortgage or Mortgages at the End or Expiration of Six Calendar Months, to be computed from the Day of giving such Notice, that then at the End of the said Six Calendar Months, on Payment of the Principal and Interest so due, such Mortgagee or Mortgagees shall convey, assign and transfer his, her or their Interest in the Premises to the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid, or to such Person or Persons as shall be appointed inTruft for them 5 and in case the Mortgagee or Mortgagees shall refuse to convey and assign as aforesaid on such Tender or Payment, that then all Interest on every such Mortgage shall from thenceforth cease and determine.

XCII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case the Sum due upon any such Mortgage or Mortgages, with all Interest due thereon, shall amount to more than the real Value of the Premises, to be ascertained as directed by this Act, then the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid

13 shall

57° GEORGII III.

C.

XXIX*

337

fii&n not be liable to pay to the Mdrtgagee or Mortgagees more than such real Value of such Premises, so Value of mfceKtaioed as aforesaid. Premisea.

XCIII. And be it further enacted, That the Conveyance of any such Estate or Interest of any Feme Bargains and Covert to the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid for the time being, or any Five or Sales to kave ths more of them, or any Person or Persons in Trust for them, by Indenture or Indentures of Bargain and rorce of Pines Sale, sealed and delivered by such Feme Covert in the Presence of and attested by Two credible Witnesses, tud ^e<c, reri#fc and duly acknowledged, and to be enrolled in the High Court of Chancery within Six Calendar Months after the making thereof, shall as effectually and absolutely convey the Estate and Interest of such Feme Covert in the Premises as any Fine or Fines, Recovery or Recoveries, would or could do, if levied or fuL fered thereof in due Form of Law; and further, that all Bargains and Sales whatsoever to be made of any such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, as shall be purchased by the Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid for the time being, by virtue and for the Purposes of this Act, and enrolled as aforesaid, shall have the like Force, Effect and Operation in Law, to all Intents' and Purposes, as any Fine or Fines, Recovery or Recoveries whatsoever, would have had if levied or suffered by the Bargainer or Bargainers, or any Person or Persons seized of or entitled to any Estate or Interest in the Premises in Trust for such Bargainer or Bargainers, in any manner or Form whatsoever.

XCIV. And be it further enacted, That upon Payment of the Principal Money and Interest due on any Upon Paymoat Mortgage as aforesaid into the Bank of England, at the End of Six Calendar Months from the Day of of Principal giving such Notice as aforesaid, for the Use of the Mortgagee or Mortgagees, the Cashier or Cashiers of* Interest the Bank (frail give a Receipt or Receipts for the said Money, in like manner as is hereinbefore directed in ?n°to '

cases of other Payments into the Bank; and thereupon all the Estate, Right, Title, Interest, Use, Trust, Premises to v«V Property, Claim and Demand of the said Mortgagee or Mortgagees, and of all and every Person or Persons in the Coramif-in Trust for him, her or them, shall ?eft in the said Commissioners or Trusteea or other Persons as aforesaid, fioneis, &c. and they shall be deemed to be in the actual Possession of the Premises comprised in such Mortgage or Mortgages, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XCV. And be it further enacted, That all Sums of Money, or other Consideration, Recompence or Sa- Monies to be tisfadion, to be paid or made pursuant to any such Agreement or Verdict as aforesaid, or in Discharge of or tendered any such Mortgage, shall be paid or tendered to the Party or Parties entitled to the fame, or paid into thd bef<jren7 Use Bank of England as aforesaid, before the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid, or 6

any Person or Persons authorized by them, shall proceed to pull down any House or Houses, or other Erections or Buildings comprised in or affected by such Agreement, Verdict or Mortgage respectively, or to use the Ground for any of the Purposes before mentioned in this Act.

XCVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful so and for the said Commissioners or Trustees Eftatot conveyed or other Persons as aforesaid, from time to time absolutely to sell and dispose of all or any of the Freehold Commission-or Leasehold Estates, Lands, Houses, Hereditaments and Premises which shall hereafter be conveyed to them 5" be sold in pursuance of this Act or otherwise $ provided the said Freehold or Leasehold Estates, Lands, Houses, Heredi- perVomwfxdiom taments and Premises so purchased are first offered for Sale to the respective Person or Persons of or from whom they were bought the Premises respectively were purchased by or on behalf of the said Commissioners or Trustees or other having the first Persons as aforesaid and if such Person or Persons respectively shall not then and thereupon agree (except with Offer, respect to and on account of the Price thereof as herein after mentioned) or shallrefufe (except with respect to Such Person not and on account of the Price thereof) to purchase the fame respectively, an Affidavit shall be made and sworn be- chafe*"8 °^ fore a Matter in the High Court of Chancery, or before One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the (Exception) City, Borough or County wherein such parochial or other District shall be situate (who are hereby respectively Proceedings, empowered and directed to take the fame), by some Person or Persons uninterested in the said Freehold or Ijeafehold Estates, Lands, Houses, Hereditaments or Premises, dating that such Offer was made by or on the behalf of the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid, and that such Offer was not then and thereupon agreed to, or was refused by the Person or Persons to whom the fame was so offered; and that any such Affidavit shall in all Courts whatsover be sufficient Evidence and Proof that such Offer was made and was not agrsed to, or was refused by the Person or Persons to whom such Offer was made, as the case may be; and in case such Person or Persons shall be desirous of repurchasing the lame, and he, she or they and the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid, shall differ and not agree with respect to the Price thereof, then the Price or Prices thereof shall be ascertained by a Jury, i» the manner In what case hereinbefore directed with respect to the disputed Value of Premises to be be purchased by the said CommiL Pricefcer-sioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid in pursuance of , this Act; and the Expence of hearing and tlinctI b> aUT*' determining such Differences shall be borne and paid in like manner as is hereinbefore directed wkh respect to such Purchase made by the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid (mfitati* mutandis) and the Money to arise by the Sale or Sales which may be made by the said Commissioners or Trustees or Money arffing^other Persons as aforesaid, of such Freehold or Leasehold Estates, Lands, Houses, Hereditaments and Pre- from Sales by mises, shall be applied by the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons sis aforesaid to tfre Purposes of Commissioners, the local Act or Acts of Parliament relating to the parochial or other Division over the Pavements whereof 1PP', e<* they shall possess a Control, or to the.Purposes of this Act; but the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof shall pot he answerable or accountable for any Misapplication or Nonapplication of the Money paid by him or them for such Freehold or Leasehold Estates, Lands, Houses, Hereditaments and Premises.

XCVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful from time to time and at nil times Power to Com-bereafter tond for the said Commissioners or Trustees or other1 Persons having the Control of the Pavements' miltionen, &c. of any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, or such Number of them as under or by m borrow £7 Geo. III. X*. rirtue Mw*r.

and may assign the Races and Assessments aa a Security.

C. xxi*. gf GEORGII III. A.D. 1817.

virtue of their particular local Act or Acts of Parliament or of thit AA shall be competent to act* to ^on-row and take up at Interest, on the Credit of the Rates and Assessments to be made by virtue of such local A A or A Act of Parliament or by virtue of this Act, any Sum or Suths of Money for or towards the Expence of paving or repairing the Pavements of the Streets or public Maces within such respective parochial or other District^ either exclnfively or jointly withor towards any other ObjeA or Purposes, which they shall from time to time deem necessary, exclusive of and in addition to any other Sum which the said Commissioners or Txostead or other Persons as aforesaid have been or may at the passing of this Act be empowered to borrow and take tip at Interest under and by virtue of any local A A or A Act of Parliament relating to such parochial or other iDistriA, to be applied for and towards the Charges and Expences which have been or may be hereafter incurred for or towards the better paving or repairing the Pavements of the Streets and public Places in such parochial or other District, and for the purposes of this Act; and the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid are hereby fully authorised and empowered to assign over the said Rates and Assessments, or any Part thereof (and the Costs and Charges of aligning the fame being paid out of the said Rates and Assessi-ment), as a Security for any such Sum or Sums of Money to be borrowed with Interest, to such Person or Persons or therr Trustee or Trustees, as shall advance the fame, on Parchment, under the Hands of Five of the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid, by the following Words of Assignment, or by any other Words to the fame Effect:

Form of Assign-T> Y virtue of certain Powers and Authorities veiled in us in and by a certain A A or certain Acts of Pailia-meat or Deles-«ment. We, the undersigned. Five [here Insert the Name or Title by which the Persons having the Control turt*of the Pavements are correctly designated\ in consideration of the Sum of of lawful Money of Great Britain to us in hand paid by A.B., do assign unto the said A.B. his, her or their < Executors, Administrators and Assigns, or Successors and Assigns, [as the case may be,] all and singular the

Rates and Assessment to be raised, levied and collected in the said [parochial or other District, as the case may be,] made and to be made for or towards the paving or repairing the Pavements of the Streets or pub-

lie Places within such [parochial or other District, as the case may be, '] either exclusively or jointly with or

for or towards any other Objects or Purposes [ox the case may also be,] and all the Estate, Right, Title and

Interest of the said [Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons, as the ease may be,] and of their Succef-

fors, of, in and unto the fame, to hold unto the said his, her or their Executors*

' Administrators and Assigns [or Successors and Assigns], until the Sum of'

together with Interest for the fame after the Rate of per Centum per Annum, shall

t be repaid, Witness our Hands.'

And all and every Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Aggregate or Sole, to whom (itch Appointment or Assignment shall be made, ffiaU be equally entitled to their Proportion of the said Rates and Assessment, according to the respective Sums in such Assignment mentioned to be advanced, to secure the Repayment thereof with Interest as aforesaid, without any Preference by reafota of Priority of Assignment, or on any other Account whatever; and the Money To borrowed as aforesaid shall be applied in and about the Purposes aforesaid, and for the Purposes of this Act, and in carrying the fame, and the Several Provisions, Powers and Authorities herein and therein contained, into full Execution*

XCVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons as aforesaid, from time to time and at all times hereafter, and they are hereby \hdh^r»2^1?Irt0 Authorized and empowered from time to time, to grant unto their respective Treasurer or Treasurers, or *. »r.r Qeri- or Clerks for the time being, any Bond or Bonds undter the Hands of them the said Commissioners or

Tttfftees or other Persons as aforesaid, or any Fire or more of them, for the Sum of One hundred Pounds on each Bond, with Interest for the fame after the Rale of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, opou the Credit of the said Rates or Assessment; and that it shall and may be lawful from time to time to and for such Treasurer or Treasurers, or Clerk or Clerks for the time being, by and with the Direction of the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid, from time to time to make Sale and dispose at public AuAion of all and every or any such Bond or Bonds so to be granted as aforesaid, unto any Person or Personsj for the heft Price or Prices in Money that can be reasonably had or obtained for the fame; and that all Monies which shall be from time to time received by any such Treasurer or Clerk for the time being from such Sale or Sales as aforesaid (after deducting thereout all Costs, Charges and Expences attendant thereon, ) shall be applied by the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid to and for the Purposes aforesaid and of this Act, pursuant to the Provisions in that behalf herein contained.

XCIX. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Aggregate or Sole, to whom such Assignment or Alignments shall be made as aforesaid, or who shall be entitled to the Money thereby (ecirred, may from time to time personally, or by Attorney thereunto lawfully authorized, assign or transfer his, her or their Right, Title, Interest or Benefit to the said Principal and Interest Money thereby secured, to any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Aggregate or Sole, whatsoever, by endorsing on the Back of such Security, before One credible Witness, who shall subscribe his Name thereto, the following Words, or Words to, the like Effect; (videlicet, )

Fcimef fin-J DO transfer ttys Assignment, with all my Right and Title to the Principal Money thereby secured, and to dorferaent. aft the Itxterest Money nqw<4due or hereafter io be due, unto his, her or their Executors, Admmi-

f strators, JSuccessors and Affirns. Dated this Day of - ,

AiB?

Witness, £. /V

Persons taking such Assignments entitled to their Proportion of Rotes.

How Money borrowed applied.

Cqmn)tffioqers, &c. empowered

theb Tretfurer or Clerk.

Treasurer empowered to fell such Bonds by public AuAion.

Monies ari$ng from Sele, bow to bt applied.

Security transferable by

Which

A.D. 18f17- 57° GEORGII III. Gxxix.

Which Transfer full within Fourteen Days from, the Date thereof he produced and notified to the Clerk or Clerks to the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Porfona as aforesaid* for the time being, who dull enter the fame in a Book or Books to he kept for that Purpose; and after such Entry made, but not till then, every such Assignment shall entitle any such Assignee or Assigneefe his, Her or their Executory Administrators, Soceeflors and Assigns* to the Benefit thereof and Payment thereon; and such Assignee or Assignees may affiign the fame again, and so toties qmtia; and that such Clerk or Clerks shall be entitled to receive the Sum of Ten Shillings and no more for the Entry of every such Assignment of every such Bond or Security \ and it shall not. be in the Power of any such Person or Persons who shall have made any such Assignment, to make void, release or discharge the fame, or any Monies thereby due, or any Part thereof: Provided nevertheless, that the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid may at all times pay off and discharge all such Bonds or Assignments or any Part or Parts thereof, and also any Monies due on Securities given and granted undet and by virtue of any particular local Act or Acts of Parliament relating to the Pavement of their respective parochial or other Districts, either exclu lively or jointly with respect to any other Objects or Purposes, when and as they shall think proper, upon giving Notice to such Person or Persons entitled to the fame, or his or their Assignee or Assigneee, and upon giving Two Calendar Months, public Notice thereof in Tie London Gazette^ and One more public Newspaper; and at the Expiration of the said Two Calendar Mouths after such Notice all Interest shall cease to be paid on the said Principal Monies to be secured by such Bonds or Assignments under this Act, or by any Securities granted under and by virtue of any such local Act or Acts of Parliament.

C. And be it further enacted, That the Interest of the Money which shall be borrowed on such Bonds or Mortgages or Assignments as aforesaid, from the time the said Money shall be advanced, shall be paid Hats Yearly by the respective Treasurer or Treasurers, or other Person or Persons deputed for that Purpose by the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons borrowing the fame Monies, or by their Successors for the time being.

c Cl. And Whereas many Persons may prefer to advance such Money as may be necessary for the Purposes aforesaid for the Ptmchafe of Annuities, to be secured upon and payable out of the said Rates and Assessc

ments Be it therefore further enacted, That it shall and may he lawful from time to time and at all tunes hereafter to and for any Person or Persons to contribute, advance, and pay into the Hands of the said Commi f-iioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid, or to their respective Treasurer or Treasurers for the time being, or to such Person or Persons as they may appoint, any Sum or Sums of Money for the Purposes aforesaid, or of this Act, for the absolute Purchase of One or more Annuity or Annuities, to be paid and payable during the full Term of the natural Life of such Person or Persons, befog of the Age of Thirty five Years and upwards, as shall benomfoated by or on the behalf of such respective Contributors or Purchasers at the time of the Payment of their respective Purchase Monies j all which Annuities so to be purchased shall be payable and paid by the said respective Treasurer <nr Treasurers, or other Person or Persons deputed for that Purpose by the said Commissionera or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid for the time being, out of the Monies to arise by or from the said Rates and Afibfiments, by Half Yearly Payments, the first Payment to be made to the respective Contributors or Purchasers, or their Assignt, at the Expiration of Six Calendar Months after the Payment of their respective Purchase Monies, the Rate whereof shall be settled and adjusted by a public Sate of the find Annuities, by the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid, to the best Bidder for the fame, or shall be such as the said Commissioners or Trusteexpr other Persons as aforesaid shall think reasonable, and at any General Meeting shall approve-

CII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Annuity or Annuities so to be purchased under or by virtue of this Act shall be and are hereby charged upon and mall be paid and payable from time to time out of the Monies anting by the Cud Rates and Aflbfffoents to be made as aforesaid, and all and every the Contributors or Purchasers duly paying the Confederation or Purchase Money at the Rate aforesaid for any such Annuity or Annuities as afowfod, or his, her or their respective Executors, Administrators or Assigns* shall have, receive and enjoy the respective Annuity or Annuities so to be purchased out of the said Rates or Assesso^Dtt by this Act appointed for. Payment thereof as aforesaid, during the natural Life or Lives of the Person or Persons to be nominated by each of such Purchasers as before mentioned 5 and that all and every such Purchaser and Purchasers, and their Executors, Administrators or A ffigns, shall have good, fore, absolute and fodefeatible Estates and Interests in the Annuity or Annuities so by him, her or them respectively to be purchased, according to the Tenor and true meaning of this Act.

CIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Annuity and Annuities to be purchased and secured under and by virtue of this Act shall be so granted by a Writing on Parchment, and shall be signed by Five of the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid, and shall be in the Words or to the Effect following j (that is to say, )

: wE>. whose Names are hereunto fabscribed, bring Five of the [tore infirt tie Name or Tale by wiki

tie Person* laving tie Control of tie Pavement* are corrtBly dofigaated"\ in consideration of the

Surt of of lawful Money of Great Britain, to us so hand paid byi.

do heteby grant unto the said A. 3. an Annuity or Yearly Sum of

to be paid out of the Rates or Assessments to be raised, levied and collected so the said [parochial «r 4 other Didrift, as tie caje maybe,] made and to be made for or towards the paving or repairing the Pavements of the Streets or public Places within such [parochial ot other District, as tie safe may be, 1 either t exctefivdy o? jointly with or for or towards any other Qbjcfte or Purposes [0/ tie case may be]; and which Annuity* or yearly Sam of.shall be paid to the said A* B+

X x 2 4 or

339

Transfer notified to deck of Commissioners, fee. and entered

Assignee n*ay

assign, dtc.

Commissioners may pay off such Bonds, Bec.

on Notice.

Interest otr Monies borrowed to be paid half Yearly.

Money may be borrowed on Aattuitiae.

Annuities chargeable on the Rases.

Form of Grant of Annuity.

84£>

Form of Transferee Grant of Annuity.

Trancfer notified to Clerk of Commissioners, knd entered.

Annuities to be granted only at Public Meeting,

t

No Annuity to be paid or recoverable unless a proper Certificate of Life of Cestuique Vie be produced.

Enrolment of Memorial not necessary.

If Annuitants die, other Annuities may be granted.

Annuities to be deemed Personal

Estate.

Commissioners, &c. shall not be personally liable.

C. xxix. 57° GEORGII III. A.D. 1817.

or his of hei* Assigna, during the Term of his or her natural Life [nr, as the case may Is,] to the said A* 2?.,

his Executors, Administrators and Assigns, upon the Day of

and the Day of in every Year, by equal Half Yearly Payments,

hnd up to the Day of the Death of the said A.B. [or, as the case may be']: In Witness whereof, we the said [Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons, as the case may be] hare hereunto set our Hands the

Day of in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and V

And also that all and every Person and Persons to whom any such Annuity or Annuities shall be so granted and secured as aforesaid, and his, her and their Executors, Administrators and Assigns, shall and may, by.Endorsement on his, her or their respective Securities, assign or transfer his, her or their Right and Interest to and in the Annuities thereby respectively secured, in the Words or to the Effect following; (that is to

fcy»)

t J DO hereby assign and transfer the within-written Security, and the Annuities [or Annuity] thereby* t granted or secured, unto Executors, Administrators or Assigns, [as the case may

t be-\i Witness my Hand this Day of in the Year of our Lord

\ One thousand eight hundred and

Which Transfer shall, within Fourteen Days after the Date thereof, be produced and notified to the Clerk or Clerks to the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid for the time being, who (half enter the fame in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose, and shall be entitled to receive for every such Entry the Sum of Ten Shillings and no more; and that after such Entry made, but not till then, every such Assignment shall entitle any such Assignee or Assignees, his, her or their Executors, Administrators, Successors and Assigns, to the Benefit thereof and to Payment thereon.

r CIV. Provided always, That no Monies shall be obtained by any such Sale of Annuities, unless at or until after a Public Meeting of the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid, to be held for that Purpose, whereof Seven Days' Notice shall be given in Two or more public Newspapers printed and publi filed within the Cities of London or Westminster.

CV. And be it further enacted, That no Annuity or Annuities to be granted and secured under this Act shall be paid and recoverable, unless upon the Demand of each half Yearly Payment thereof the Person for whose Life the fame, shall have been so granted and secured shall personally appear before the respective Treasurer or Treasurers or Clerk or Clerks to the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid, or before fotne Person whom they shall depute for that Purpose, nor unless the Person or Persons entitled to receive such Annuity or Annuities shall then produce or cause to be produced the original Security or Securities for the fame; or in case of his or her Nonappearance, the Person or Persons entitled to receive such Annuity, or his, her or their Attorney or Attornies duly authorized to receive the same, shall produce such Security or Securities and a Certificate to the said Treadirer or Treasurers, or Clerk or Clerks, or other Person as aforesaid, of the Life of such Cestuique Vie, signed by the officiating Minister of the Parish wherein he, she or they shall be redding, upon the Day when such Annuity became due, or such other Evidence as shall be satisfadoij to the said Treasurer or Treasurers, .Clerk or Clerks, or other Person as aforesaid, of the Existence of such Cestuique Vie, upon the Day when the said Annuity became due, if such Cestuique Vie shall be then in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland i and in case such Cestuique Vie.shall not be within the said United Kingdom, then such other gpod and sufficient Proof of his or her living upon the Day when each half Yearly Payment of the said Annuity or Annuities shall respectively become due shall be produced to the said Treasurer or Treasurers, Clerk or Clerks, or other Person as aforesaid, as shall be satisfactory to him or them; and it shall not be necessary, in order to render valid the Grant of any such Annuity or Annuities, to enrol or register a Memorial thereof pursuant to the Provisions contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament relating to Annuities, or to any other Act or Acts of Parliament whatsoever.

CVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Annuitant or Annuitants, Nominee or Nominees, to whom and for whose Lives any Annuity or Annuities may be granted from time to time under and by virtue of this Act, shall die, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid from time to time and at all times hereafter to permit any Person or Persons to purchase of them the said Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons as aforesaid, other and any Annuities upon the Life of such other Person or Persons upon such Terms and Conditions and payable in such manner as above mentioned; or in case the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid shall call in and pay off any Bonds, Assignments or Mortgages of the said Rates or Assessments, it shall and may be lawful for them to borrow on similar Bonds, Alignments and Securities, or by the Sale or Grant of Annuities, other Sum or Sums of Money from time to time for the Purposes aforesaid or of this Act.

CVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Monies advanced and paid, and all Bonds, Assignments, Securities and Annuities given and granted under and by virtue of this Act, shall he and be deemed Personal Estate and Effads; and also that the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Peffons as aforesaid for the time being, signing or executing such Bonds, Mortgages, Assignments or Grants, or any of them, or any other of the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid, or the Treasurer or Treasurers, or Clerk or Clerks, or any of them, or their or any of their Estates or Effects, shall in no wife be charged with or responsible, either at Law or.in Equity, for the Payment of any of the Monies or Annuities thereby secured or granted, or mentioned and intended so to be, or any Part thereof.

A.D. 1817. 57° GEORGII III. C. xxix.

CVIII. And be it further enacted, That the respective Ch?rk or Clerks to the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid for the time being, shall enter in a Book or Books, to be for that Pur-pofq provided and kept by the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid, a Copy or Copies or an Extract or Extracts of or from all Securities given for Monies borrowed, and of and from the Gratits of all Annuities granted by virtue or in pursuance of this Act; and also of all Assignments of such Securities for Monies borrowed, and of such Grants of Annuities so given or granted as aforesaid, expressing in Words at Length the Names, Surnames, Additions, Places of Abode and Descriptions of all such Persons who shall from time to time be entitled to such Securities and Annuities; and also the N^me, Surname, Addition, Place of Abode and other Description of every Person for whose Life any Annuity or Annuities shall be granted, and the Days whereon the Interest of the said Securities and the said Annuities shall be payable; and which Book and Books the Person and Persons entitled to and possessed of such Securities or Annuities at all seasonable times may have free Liberty to inspect, or to make -or take Extracts or Copies thereof or there from, on the Payment of the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence to the said Clerk or Clerks for any and every such Inspection.

CIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in the Streets or public Places in any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, from time to time and at all times afterwards to assemble and meet together for the Execution of the lbcal Act or Acts of Parliament whereby or by virtue whereof they may have been appointed, and of this Act, within their respective parochial or other District or elsewhere, and may adjourn such Meetings from time to time as they shall think proper; but that One such General Meeting shall be held at least Once in every Calendar Month, and that Five or more of such Commissioners or Trustees or other Person9 shall attend at and be necessary to constitute every such General Meeting; and the Acts, Resolutions and Proceedings of the Majority present at such .Meetings, shall be deemed and considered to be the Acts, Resolutions and Proceedings of such Meetings; and that such (jgommissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid may retain and employ and discharge and pay such Clerks, Surveyors, Inspectors and other Persons, as they from time to time shall deem expedient; and also shall and may deduct and allow to themselves and to each other, and to their Officers and Servants, all Expences necessarily incurred in and about the Execution of any local Act or Acts of Parliament, or of this Act; and also mall and may from time to time purchase or rent upon Lease, for a Term or Terms of Years or otherwise, or may erect, furnish, alter or improve, any Honfcs, Offices and other Places which they may deem necessary or expedient for their Places of Meeting, or for the Transaction of their Official Business, or for the Deposit and safe Custody of their Books, Vouchers and Documents; and also may purchase or rent upon Lease or otherwise from time to time such Place or Places, to be called "The Green Yard,* For such parochial or other District, for the Reception, Deposit and safe Custody of any Article seized and removed by virtue of any local Act or Acts of Parliament, or of this Act, within their respective parochial or other Districts, or of any Horses, Beasts, Cattle or any Animals or other things which may be found flraying, or which shall be in or about any Streets or public Places within their respective parochial or other District, or which, according to any local Act or Acts of Parliament, or to this Act, or to the Common or Statute Law, may be impounded; and may appoint any Person or Persons to inhabit and take care of such Houses, Offices and other Places of Meeting, and to have the Custody and Care of such Books, Vouchers and Documents, and to take care of and superintend such Places of Deposit as aforesaid; and may appoint the Fees and Charges which shall be -paid and payable, and which may be demanded on or for the Deposit and safe Custody of any such Articles so seized, or of any Horses, Beasts, Cattle. Animals or other things which shall be there impounded as aforesaid; and that the fame Fees and Charges shall be so paid before any such Articles or things shall be given up or restored to any Persons whomsoever, or shall and may be deduced but of the Proceeds of any Appraisement or Sale of any such Articles and Things, and which may be effected thereof under and by virtue of any local Act or Acts of Parliament, or of this Act.

CX. And be it further enacted, That the Clerk or Clerks to the said Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in the Streets or public Places in any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, shall, at least One Day previous to any General Meeting of the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid, cause a Notice to be left for every such Commissioner or Trustee or other Person at his Dwelling House or Office, or last or usual Place of Abode, in such parochial or other District, of every such General Meeting, and of the Place and Time when and where such General Meeting is intended to be held.

CXI. And be it further enacted, That in case Five Commissioners or Trusteee or other Persons as aforesaid shall not .attend at any such General Meeting within One Hour after the time appointed for such Meetings respectively, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Clerk or Clerks to such Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid to declare such General Meeting to be adjourned until a future time, within Seven Days after such Meeting was appointed to be or ought to have been held, and forthwith to cause Notice of such Adjournment to be left for every such Commissioner or Trustee or other Person haying the Control of the Pavements in the Streets or public Places in such parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, in manner hereinbefore mentioned and directed.

CXII. And be it further enacted, That at each and every General Meeting^f the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements as aforesaid, any One Commissioner or Trustee or other Person then present, wno shall be denominated by the Majority of the Commissionri's or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid present at any such Meeting, shall preside at every such Meeting, and take the Chair

as

Hl

Securities to be entered in a Book kept by, Commissioners, Sec.

Book may be inspected.

Commissioners may meet, and adjourn.

Commissioner?, Sec. may retain and discharge Clerks, lie.;

may rent, Sec. Offices, fice.;

and a Place to be called the Green Yard;

may appoint Persons to take Care of Offices, kc.;

and may appoint Fees.

Notice of General Meetings to be given.

General Meetings may be aiU jouraed, if an adequate Nuro* her do not attend.

At General Meetings a Chairman to be appointed.

342 C. xxix.

sj° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1817.

Special General Meetings may be convened on Emergencies.

Proceedings at Meetings to be entered in Books, which shall be good Evideace.

Wh it Proof required of Appointment of Clerks, &c.

Chairman of fitch Meeting; and in case of nn Equality of Votes on any Traafadion, including the Vote of the Chairman, the Chairman at such Meeting shall have another or the casting Vote.

CXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Five or more of the Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in the Streets or public Places in any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, shall on any Occasion think it necessary or expedient to call or convene a Special General Meeting of the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons, it shall and may be lawful for such Five or more Commissioners or Trustees -or other Persons to direct their Clerk or Clerks for the time being to summon such Special General Meeting of the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons respectively, to be assembled at the usual Place of Meeting, and at such time as the said Five Or more Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid shall direct, by a Notice specifyiAg the particular Object of such Special General Meeting, and of which Special General Meeting Notice shall be accordingly given by the Clerk or Clerks in the manner hereinbefore directed to be given of any General Meeting.

CXIV. And be it further enacted, That all Acts, Orders and Proceedings of the said Commissioners, Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid at any of their Meetings, shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept by their Clerk or Clerks for the time being for that Purpose, and shall be signed by such Clerk or Clerks; and that alt such Orders and Proceedings shall then be deemed and taken to be original Acts, Orders and Proceedings; and such Book or Books shall and may be produced and read as Evidence of all such Acts* Orders and Proceedings, upon any Appeal or Trial or Information, or any Proceeding Civil or Criminal, and in any Court or Courts of Law or Equity whatsoever 5 and that it shall not be necessary upon any Appeal or Trial or Information or Proceeding, or upon any Occasion, to prove the Appointment of such Clerk or Clerks; and that within Ten Years after the Date of any such Acts, Orders and Proceedings, Proof of the Handwriting of such Clerk or Clerks shall alone be necessary to verify his or their Appointment, and the Accuracy of such Entries of such Acts, Orders and Proceedings; and that after the Expiration of Ten Years from the Date of any such Acts, Qrdiers and Proceedings, no other Proof shall be necessary, or shall be required of his or their Appointment, or of the Accuracy of such Entries, than the Production of such Book or Books appearing to be signed by some Person or Persons as the Clerk or Clerks for the time being 5 and that any Proof of his or their Handwriting shall not be necessary, nor shall be required; and also that upon any Appeal or Trial or Information, or other Proceeding Civil or Criminal, and in any Court or Courts of Law or Equity, a Certificate from the Clerk or Clerks for the time being, signed by him or them, that any Person or Persons who hath or have acted or may ad as Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons baring the Control of the Pavements in any parochial or other District, or as a Surveyor or Surveyors of Pavements, or 10 any other Office, was or were or is or are One or more of such Commissioners or Trustees or Persons having the Control of the Pavements in such parochial or other District, or was duly appointed to be and was a Surveyor or Surveyors of Pavements, or te such other Office wherein such Person or Persons shall or may have acted, or fltdfl or may ad or appear, shall be sufficient and conclusive Evidence of the Appointment and Authority of such Person or Persons, without any other Proof or Evidence whatsoever,

CXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements of the Streets and public Places within the Jurisdicttou of this Act, present at any General Meeting, from time to time and at all times hereafter to make such Bye Laws, Rules, Orders and Regulations for the better regulating their own Proceedings at any of their General or other Meetings, and of enforcing the good Conduct and Behaviour of the several Officers and Servants employed by the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid, in the Execution of any local Act or Acts of Parliament relating to such parochial or other District, or of this Act, and for the Application of the several Monies that may be levied, collected or received by virtue of such local Act or Acts of Parliament, or of this Act, to the Purpose* thereof; and likewise from time to time to vary, alter, amend or repeal all or any of such Bye Laws, Rules* Orders, and Regulations, and to fix and appoint all such reasonable Fines and Penalties for the Breach or ^onPer^>rmance of any such Bye Laws, Rules, Orders or Regulations, or any Part thereof, as to them shall seem proper, so that no such Fine or Penalty shall exceed the Sum of Ten Pounds; and all such Bye Laws, Rules, confirmed. Orders and Regulations when made, and all Alterations, Variations and Amendments thereof, shall be confirmed at another General hfeeting, and being so confirmed shall be printed and be hung up or affixed at the several Places of Meeting of the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid; and nil such Bye Laws, Rules, Orders or Regulations, when so made, confirmed, printed and affixed, shall be good and binding upon all Person& concerned 3 provided that the fame be not inconsistent with or repugnant to the Laws of that Part of the fJnited Kingdom called England, nor incoriftftent with or repugnant to the Provisions and Directions in any local Act or Acts of Parliament for such parochial or other District, or in this Appeal Ad contained $ and that any Person or Persons thinking himself or themselves aggrieved thereby shall and

How Penalties may appeal against the same as herein after is provided; and that all Penalties thereby irtiposed, if incurred, thereby hnposed, foall and may be recovered in such manqer as any Penalties imposed by this Act may be recovered by virtue of this Act: Provided always, that np such Bye Law, Rule or Regulation, when so made by the said Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons as aforesaid, and confirmed, printed and affixed, shall be varied, altered, amended or repealed/ save and except at some Meeting to be bolden for that Purpose, of which Meeting and of the Purpose thereof Three Days1 Notice at the least, with the Name of the Clerk or Clerks to the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons thereto, shall be left for each and every Commissioner, Trustee or other Per fop as aforesaid, in the manner directed as to other General Meetings by virtue of this Act,

15 CXVI. And

Bye Laws may be made by Commissionen;

and appeint Fines not exceeding zol,

recovered. Proviso as to altering, See. pye Laws.

A.D. 1817.

57° GEORGII III.

Gxxix.

CXVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persone as aforesaid at any of their General Meetings shall and may and they are hereby authorised and empowered from time to time to contraA or agree with any Person or Persons whomsoever for removing the Doit and Ashes, deaofing, paving and repairing the Pavement of and within their respective parochial or other District, and far doing and executing all or any of the Works which, under and by virtue of any looal A A or A Act of Parliament reusing thereto, or of this Act, the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid may direct to be done and executed; and aHb to purchase or provide, either by ContraA or otherwise, from time to time, such Goods,

Materials and things whatsoever, as they shall think proper for effectually executing the Powers and Prorifteos of such local Act or Acts of Parliament or of this Act, and shall pay or order the Payment of the Monies due or to become due upon any such ContraAs, Agreements or Purchases, to the Person or Persons entitled to deceive the fame, by and out of all or any Monies which shall or may be paid to or received by them by virtue of any fudh local Act or Acts of Parliament or of this A A, for and towards the Expence of paving and repairing the Pavements of the Streets or public Places within their respective parochial or other Districts, either exclusively or jointly with or for or towards any other Objects or Purposes, or whereof they may be authorized

"and entitled to dispose.

CXVII. And be it farther enacted, That previous to any Meeting of the Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons as aforesaid, for the making of any such Contracts which they may deem expedient for the better Execution of this Act, Seven Days' Notice of such Meeting to make any such ContraAs shall be given ia Two or more of the public Newspapers publi&ed in London or Wcjtmmjler % expressing the Nature and Objects of each of such ContraAs, in order that any Person or Persons willing to ccratraA may make Proposals for that Purpose, to be offered and prefen ted to the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid, or to their Clerk or Clerks, at the Time and Place mentioned in such Notice; and also that the Particulars of all such ContraAs or Agreements, and all Receipts and Payments by such Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons in the Execution of the said local Act or Acts of Parliament or of this Act, and also Minutes of their Proceedings at all and every of their General Meetings, shall be fairly entered by their Clerk or Clerks, or by his or their Direction, in a Book or Books to be provided for those Purposes, and to be carefully preferred.

CXVIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any such ContraA or ContraAs, far any Purpose or Purposes whatsoever, shall have been heretofore or shall be hereafter entered into by any Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid aAing in pursuance of any local Act or Acts of Parliament or of this Act, and the Person or Persons who may have entered or who shall hereafter enter into airy such ContraA or Coo-traAs, shall be guilty of any Breach or Nonperformance of any such ContraA or ContraAs, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid, at any of their General Meetings, in case they shall deem it proper and expedient, to declare such ContraA or ContraAs to be null and void, and such ContraA or ContraAs shall be from thenceforth null and void accordingly; or it shall or may be lawful to and for them to compound for such Sum or Sums of Money with the Person or Persons so having entered into or who shall hereafter enter into such ContraA or ContraAs, for such .Breach Qr Nonperformance of such ContraA or ContraAs, and for all Costs, Charges and Expences which have been or shall be occasioned thereby, as to them the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons shall appear proper and expedient; or it shall and may be lawful to and for them the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid to foe for and to recover the full Penalty or Penalties contained and expressed in any such ContraA or ContraAs, or in any Bond or Bonds given and executed for the due Performance of such, ContraA or ContraAs, by Action of Debt or on the Case in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, in which Action or Actions Ho Essoign Protection, Wager at Law, nor more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed.

CXI A. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for all and every the Persons possessing'or entitled to any Bonds, Mortgages, Annuities or other Securities affecting or charged upon the said Rates or Aifeiftnehts for any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, and all Persons rated to the Hates or Assessments to be made for or towards the Expences of paving or repairing the Pavement in any parochial or other District, either exclusively or jointly with or for or towards any other Objects or Purposes, either by virtue of any local Act or Acts of Parliament or of this Act, at all seasonable and convenient times to peruse and inspeA and to make and take Extracts from all Rates or Rate Books, and all other Book or Books, Accounts, Vouchers, Papers and Writings whatsoever, which shall be kept under any such local Act or Acts of Parliament, or under this A A, in relation to the paving or repairing the Pavements of such parochial or other District, either exclusively or jointly with or for any other Objects or Purposes, in the Custody dr Power of the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements for the time being; and also, that the Clerk or Clerks to the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid for the time being, or One of them, within Twenty Days after Demand made thereof in Writing, signed by any on* of the Persons before mentioned, and delivered to or left for him or them at his or their until or last Place of Abode, shall make and deliver or cause to be made and delivered a Copy or Copies of all

and every such Book and Books, Accounts, Vouchers, Papers and Writings whatsoever, or of any Part or Parts thereof, whereof a Copy or Copies shall be so demanded, to the Person or Persons demanding the fame, on his or their Application for the fame, at any time after the Expiration of the said Term of Twenty Days, be or they paying for the same, at or before the Delivery thereof, at and after the Rate of Two Shillings and Sixpence for every Three hundred Words contained in such Copy or Copies so demanded and delivered as Hforefoid, every Figure in such Copy or Copies being calculated as a Word; and in case any such Clerk shall ftt anytime refuse or wilfully neglect to make and deliver or cause'to be made and delivered such Copy or Copies of all andeveryfuch Book and Books, Accounts, Vouchers and Papers, and of every Part thereof respectively, to the Person or Persons demanding the fame, on Application for the fame, after Twenty Days from the Day

of

343

Commissioners may eeter mao Contrails as herein mentioned.

Public Notice to be given of all Meetings for making Con. traits.

Contracts, Accounts, &c. to be entered in Books.

Commissioners may foe or compound for Breaches of Contrails.

Accounts and Books may be examined, 8tc. by Persons entitled to Securities,

and Copies delivered to such Persons demanding.

Fee.

Clerk rcfuCag, See. to deliver Copy.

Penalty tol.

Actiotu may be brought and defended by Com-raiffioners, &c. in the Name of the Clerk.

Action not discontinued, by Death, &c. of Clerk.

Clerk to he reimbursed his Co(U, &c.

In what c«fe Clerk to be perfotully liable.

Inhabitants may be Witnesses.

Obtruding Commissioners and Surveyors ki Performance of thjur Duty.

G.'xxix. 57° GEORGII III. A.D. 188*7.

of the Demand thereof as aforesaid, on Payment for the same as aforesaid, then ev$ry fuckClerk shall for every Refusal or Neglect forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds; One Moiety thereof to the Treasurer or Treasurera to the Commissioners, Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid for the time being, and the other Moiety to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the fame in any of His Majesty's .Courts of Record at Westm\nsler> by Action of Debt or on the Case, wherein no Essoign, Protection, Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed.

CXX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in any Streets or public Places in any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act> may sue and be sued in the Name of their respective Clerk or Clerks for the time being; and that all Actions or Suits that the said Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons 'having the Control of the Pavements in any Streets or public Places in any such parochial or other District, may at any time or times hereafter direct to be brought for the Recovery of any Penalty or Rates, or any other, Sum or Sums of Money from time to time or at auy time due or payable from or by any Water or Gas Companies, or Commissioners of Sewers, or any other Person or Persons, due or payable by virtue of any lo<?al Act or Acts of Parliament relating to their respective parochial or other District, or of this. Ad, or for or in respect of any other matter* or thing relating to such local Act or Acts of Parliament or to this Act, may be brought in the Name of such Clerk or Clerks respectively for the time being, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster % by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, m which no Essoign, Protection or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed, and in which Action or Actions it shall be sufficient for the Clerk or Clerks, as such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, to declare that the Defendant or Defendants is or are indebted to him or them as such Clerk or Clerks in the Sum of Ten Shillings, (or such other Sum as the Clerk or Clerks shall suppose to be then due or forfeited, ) for so much Money before then owing (forfeited or Fine set, as the case may be, ) from or by the Defendant or Defendants to the said Clerk or Clerks by virtue of such local Act or Acts, or either of them, relating to his or their respective' parochial or other District, or by virtue of this Act, (as the case may be, and mentioning the Titles of such Act or Acts respectively); and if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in any such Action or Actions, he or they shall have full Costs, to be levied and recovered as other Monies upon Judgments may now by Law be levied and recovered; and that no Action or Suit which may be brought, commenced or prosecuted by or against the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control as aforesaid, or any of them, by virtue or on account of such local Act or Acts of Parliament, or of this Act, in the Name of such their respective Clerk or Clerks, shall abate or be discontinued by the Death, Suspension or Removal of such Clerk or Clerks, or by any Ad or Default of such Clerk or Clerks done or suffered without the Consent or Direction of the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons as aforesaid; but the Clerk or Clerks to the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons for the time being shall be always deemed Plaintiff or Defendant in every such Action or Suit (as the case may be), except in such Action or Actions as shall be prosecuted between the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons and their respective Cferk, or Clerks for the time being; in which Action or Suit any One of the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control as aforesaid, shall or may be Plaintiff or Defendant ( as the case may be); Provided always, that every such Clerk or Clerks or other Person in whose Name any Action or Suit shall be commenced, prosecuted or defended in pursuance of this Act, shall always be reimbursed and paid, out of the Monies to arise by virtue of any such local Act or Acts towards the Expences of paving or repairing the Pavements of the Streets or public Places in any such parochial or other District, either exclusively or jointly with or for any other Objects or Purposes, or of this Act, all such Costs, Charges and Expences as he or they shall be put to or become charged or chargeable with by reason of his or their being so made Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Defendant or Defendants therein; but no such Clerk or other Person ffiSl be personally answerable or liable for the Payment of the fame or any Part of the fame, unless such Action or Suit shall have been brought or commenced, or the Defence of such Action or Suit shall be commenced, without the Order or Direction of the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons, or shall be prosecuted, carried or> and continued contrary to their Approbation and Consent.

CXXI. And be it further enacted, That in any Action, Prosecution, Information, Appeal, Cause, Suit, Hearing, Examination or Proceeding whatsoever, relating to or concerning the Execution of any local Act or Acts of Parliament relating to any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, or re-» lating to or concerning any Rate or Assessment made or to be made upon any Person or Persons in respect of any Property in any such parochial or other District, or in any wise touching, concerning or relating to any such parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, any Inhabitant or Owner or Occupier of Property in any Part of any such parochial or other District may be a competent Witness, and shall be admitted to give Evidence, notwithstanding he might be interested for and on behalf of such parochial or other District, or might or is or then or thereafter should be charged with or liable to pay any Rate or Assessment to be raised, levied and collected within any such parochial or other District by virtue of any local Act or Acts of Parliament or of this Act, or by any other Authority whatsoever.

CX.XII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall at any time or times hereafter in any manner whatsoever wilfully obstruct, hinder or molest any Commissioners or Trustees or any other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in any Streets or public Places in any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, or any Surveyor or Surveyors of Pavements, or any other Officer or Officers, Person or Persons whomsoever, who are or shall be appointed or employed to put in Execution this Act or any local Act or Acts of Parliament by the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons haying {be Control of the Pavements of the Streets and public Places in any such parochial or other District

II within

345

A.D. 1817. 57° GEORGII III. C: xxix'.

within tho Jurisdiction of this Act, in the Performance ox Execution of his or.thrfr Duty, then every Person or Persons so offending shall for the First Offence forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds, and for the Second Offenc? the Sum of Ten Pounds, and for the Third or any subsequent Offence the Sum of Twenty ..Pounds, to be recovered in the same manner in which other Penalties are herein after directed to be recovered by virtue of this Act.

CXXIII. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace, is or are or may be empowered by Law to proceed on the Complaint of the Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in any Streets or public Places in any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, or any of theiq, it shall and may be lawful for such Justice or Justices of the Peace, and he and they is and are hereby required, to proceed on the Complaint of any One of the said Commissioners or Trtiftees or other such Persons, or of their Surveyor or Surveyors of the Pavements, or of their Clerk or Clerks for the time being, or any of them, or of any Person or Persons whom they, or any Two or more of them by Writing under their Hands shall appoint for that Purpose, iq such and the like manner to all Intents and Purposes as if such Complaint had been made by such Commissioners or Trustees or other such Persons as aforesaid, or any or all of them.

CXXIV. And be it further enacted, That in every case wherein no particular Number of Commissioners qr Trustees, or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in any Streets or public Places in any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, are by any local Act or Acts of Parliament relating to such parochial or other District, or by this Act, stipulated and required to be necessary to perform any Act, matter or thing by such local Act or Acts of Parliament or by this Act required or directed to be done and performed, that all and every such Act, matter and thing may be legally and effectually done, executed and performed by any Two or more of such Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control for the time being of the Pavements in the Streets or public Places in the particular parochial or other District for which they are appointed or empowered to act; any thing in such local Act or Acts of Parliament or in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

CXXV. And be it further enacted, That any Justice of the Peace in and for any City, Borough or County within the Jurisdiction of this Act, shall and may do any Act or Deed relative to the Office of the Justice of the Peace directed by this Act or by any local Act or Acts of Parliament, relating to any parochial or.other District therein or otherwise, notwithstanding he shall or may at the same time be a Commissioner or Trusteeot; other Person having the Control of the Pavements in the Streets and public Places, in any parochial or other District within such City, Borough or County, and shall and may aft in the Execution of this Act; or of any local Act or Acts of Parliament, or at any Sessions, or upon any Summons, Appeal or; other Proceeding whatsoever relating to any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, notwithstanding ne shall then be an Inhabitant of any such parochial or other District witbp the Jurisdiction of this Act, or shall pay or may be then or thereafter liable to pav any Rates or Assessmepts charged or to be charged upon any Owners or Occupiers of Property in any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act j apy Law, Statute or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

CXXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Justice or Justices of the Peace before whom any Offender or Offenders shall be conivfted of any Offence against this Act, or against any local Act or Acts of Parliament relating to any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act> or against any Bye Law, Rule or Order made in pursuance of any such local Act or Acts or of this Act, and he ana they sure hereby required, by and with the Direction or Consent of the Commissioners or Truffee« or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in any such parochial or other District, or of their Clerk or Clerks, or Surveyor or Suryeyors of the Pavements for the time being, or of any Person appointed by them or any of them, to allow and pay or to order the Allowance and Payment of such Part of any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture which shall be ipaposed upon and shall be received of any such Offender or Offenders coqvifted before him or them of any such Offence as aforesaid (unless herein otherwise directed)* npt exceeding One Half Part thereof, as the said Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons ag afprrsaidp or their Clerk or Clerks, or Surveyor or Surveyors of the Pavements as aforesaid, or any of them, shall direct or approve, onto the Informer or Informers against such Offender or Offenders, in such Shares and Proportions as to such Justice or Justices shall seem meet; and that the Remainder of such Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, (unjefs herein otherwise directed as aforesaid), shall be paid to and shall belong to the Treasurer or Treasurers Tor the time being to the Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements fa the parochial or other District wherein any such Offence shall have been or shall appear to have been committed, or to such other Person or Persons or Company as the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons shall from time to time appoint to receive the same, and to be applied towards the Costs and Charges of such Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons, and of paving and repairing the Pavements within any such parochial or other District; any other Act, Usage or Custom to the contrary, notwithstanding.

CXXVII. And be it further enacted, That in all Appeals, Hearing or other cases where the Commissioner* or Trustees of other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in any Streets or public Places in any paro-; chial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, or any Justice or Justices of the Peace, is or are by any local Act or Acts of Parliament, or by this Act shall or may be authorized or required, or shall deem it necessary or expedient, to examine any Person or Persons on Oath or Affirmation, it shall be lawful for such Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons, or for such Justice or Justices of the Peace respectively, and they and he are and is hereby respectively authorized and required to administer an Oath or Affirmation to any such Person or Persons, and alfq may require the Production of any Deeds, Instruments or Papers in the Custody of Power of any Person or Persons appealing to them or him, which in their or his Judgment may be necessary to.

57 Geo. III. Yy w iUustrate

; 1

First Offence. Second Offence. Subsequent Offence. Penalty.

Justices to proceed on Complaint of Commissioners.

Two Commissioners may aft where no particular Number is required by any local Act or by this Act.

Justices may act although they are Commissioners, See. er Inhabitants of District.

Justices, with Consent of Commissioners, &c. may make Allowance to Informers out of Penalties which are; o be applied to Purposes of the Act.

Amount of Allowance.

Commissioner*,

Sec. or Justices, may adroiuifter Oath, &c.

and may require the Prtoduftion of Deeds, &c.

346 C. xxix.

57° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1817.

Perjury.

Justices may compel the Attendance of Witnesses.

-Witnesses, on being paid and tendered their Costs, not appearing,

[Penalty.]

Direction as to Service of Notices, Sum* roonfes, &c.

Fines and Penalties, how to be recovered.

How and to whom Penalties paid.

Where Distrefo not found, Atc.

Procccdii.gs.

illustrate the Subject of any such Appeal; and that if any Person or Persons, being so sworn, of haying solemnly affirmed, mall upon his, her or their Examination upon Oath or Affirmation before the said Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons, or before any Justice or Justices respectively, or any of them, wilfully and corruptly give false Evidence, such Person or Persons so offending, and being thereof duly convicted, shall be and is or are hereby declared to be subject and liable to such Pains and Penalties to which by any Law then in being any Person or Persons would be subject and liable who should be convicted of wilful and corrupt Penury.

CXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Justice of Justices of the Peace who is and are made competent, empowered or required to hear and determine any Complaint or Matter under or by virtue of any local Act or Acts of Parliament relating to any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, or under and by virtue of this Act, to issue a Summons under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals to any Person or Persons whomsoever to attend as a' Witness or Witnesses, and to give Evidence upon Oath or solemn Affirmation before any such Justice of the Peace touching any Matter of Fad contained in any Information or Complaint for any Offence against any such local Act or Acts of Parliament, or against this Act, or against any Bye Law, Rule or Order made -ill pursuance thereof, whether on the Part of the Prosecutors or Informers, or Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in any such parochial or other District, or of the Person or Persons complained of, and which Summons such Justice or Justices as aforesaid are hereby required to issue, if thereunto required; and if such Person or Persons so summoned as aforesaid, upon being paid or tendered such Sum for his or their Costs and Charges, Trouble and Attendance, as the said Justice or Justices shall think reasonable, shall refuse or neglect to appear at the time and Place to be for that Purpose appointed, without such Excuse for such his, her or their Refusal or Neglect as shall be approved of by such Justice or Justices, or appearing shall refuse to be examined on Oath or solemn Affirmation, or to give Evidence before such Justice or Justices, then and in every such case every such Person shall forfeit for every such Offence any Sum not being less than Five Pounds, nor exceeding the Sum of Ten Pounds, to be also recovered in the manner herein after directed by virtue of this Act.

CXXIX. And be it further enacted, That all Notices, Summonses, Documents, Demands and Accounts, which are directed and required to be given by any local Act or Acts of Parliament relating to any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, or by this A A, or which are or may be directed or required to be given by any Bye Law, Rule or Order to be made in pursuance thereof, or of any of them, or which shall or may be necessary for carrying into Execution any of the Powers of any such local Act or Acts or this Act, or any or either of such Bye Laws, Rules or Orders, of which the manner of serving the fame is not particularly directed by such local Act or Acts or by this Act, shall be printed or written, or partly printed and partly written, and shall or may be served, either by delivering the fame personally to the Person or Penons, or one of them, to whom such Notices, Summonses, Demands and Accounts respectively are to be given, or by leaving the fame at his, her or their usual or last known Warehouse or Warehouses, Manutadory or Manufadones, Office or Offices, Counting House or Counting Houses, or with any of his or their Partners, Tenants, Clerks or Servants, at his or their last or usual known Place or Places of Abode, or at or upon any Tenements, Premises or Hereditaments belonging to or occupied by any such Person or Persons, or whereunto any such Notices, Summonses, Documents, Demands or Accounts may relate.

CXXX. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties, Forfeitures and Fines by any local Act or Acts of Parliament relating to any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, or by this Act inffided or imposed or authorized to be imposed (the manner of levying and recovering whereof is not in such Act or Acts of Parliament or herein otherwise directed), upon Proof of the Offences respectively, within Three Calendar Months after such Offences respectively shall have been or shall be committed, before any One or more Justices of the Peace for the City, Borough or County wherein the parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act shall be situate wherein any such Offence shaft have been committed, or shall be charged or shall appear to have been committed, either by Confession of the Party or Parties offending, or by the Information of One or more Witness or Witnesses upon Oath or Affirmation, (which Oath and Affirmation such Justice or Justices of the Peace is and are hereby empowered and required to administer without Fee or Reward, and the Informer and Informers are hereby declared to be and is and are hereby rendered in any and every such case a competent Witness or competent Witnesses, ) shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties offending by Warrant or Warrants under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of such Justice or Justices, which Warrant or Warrants such Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered and required to grant; and the Penalties and Forfeitures when recovered (rendering the Overplus, if any there be, after deducing all the Costs, Charges and Expences of any Summonses, Informations, Complaints, Hearings, Warrants, and of such Distress, and the Keeping, Appraisement or Sale thereof, or otherwise relating thereto, unto the Person or Persons whose Goods and Chattels shall be so distrained and fold, ) shall be paid as hereinbefore directed to the Treasurer or Treasurers for the time being to the Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in any such parocnial or other District, or to such Person or Persons or Company as they shall from time to time appoint as aforesaid to receive the same; and to be applied as hereinbefore is directed, and subject to the Powers of rewarding Informers hereinbefore contained 5 and in every such case where pistress is directed to be made, levied or taken by any such local Act or Acts of Parliament or by this Act, and sufficient Distress shall not be found, and such Penalties, Forfeitures and Fines, and Costs, Charges and Expences shall not be forthwith paid, it shall and may be lawful for such Justice or Justices of

A.D. 1817. 57° GEORGII III. C. xxix.

of the Peace, and he and they is and are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant or Warrants under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the City, Borough or County aforesaid, there to remain without Bail*or Mainprize for any time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, unless such Penalties, Forfeitures or Finrs, and all such Costs, Charges and Expences attending on or occasioned by any such Offence, or any Summonses, Informations, Complaints, Hearings, Warrants, or of such Distress, and the Keeping, Appraise-roent or Sale thereof, or otherwise relating thereto, shall be sooner paid and satisfied; and also that any one Justice of the Peace may and is hereby required to ad in any and every case in which the Concurrence of Two Justices of the Peace shall not be expressly required by any such local Act or Acts of Parliament, or by this Act: Provided always, that no Penalty, Forfeiture or Fine inflicted or imposed or authorized to be imposed by virtue of this Act, shall become due or be incurred by any Persons whomsoever for any Offence or Offences under or against this Act, unless such Offences shall have been committed after th^ Expiration of One Calendar Month from the passing of this Act.

CXXXI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Justice or Justices of the Peace, before whom any Person or Persons shall be convicted of any Offence against any local Act or Acts of Parliament relating to say parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, or against this Act, shall and may cause the Convictson to be drawn up in the following Words, or any other Form of Words to the fame Effect.; (that is to say, )

|>E it remembered, That on this Day of, in the Year of

our Lord, A.B. is duly convicted before

of Hist Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the [City, Borough or County, as the case may he,]

of having [here fate the Offence % as the case may be, -\ contrary to the Form of a Statute [or of certain Sta-s tutes, as the case may in that case made and provided: And I [or we, as the case may be,] do declare t and adjudge that the said A.B. hath forfeited for his or her [orx the case may be-\ said Offence the Sum of < and also the Sum of for the Costs, Charges and

i Expences already incurred thereabouts. Given under my Hand [or Hand and Seal, or our Hands, or s our Hands and Seals, as the case may £r,] the Day and Year first above written.*

CXXXII. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall be made for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of any local Act or Acts of Parliament relating to any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, or by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespasser, on account of any Defect or Want of Form in any Proceedings relating thereto; nor shall the Party or Parties be deemed a Trespasser or Trespasser ab initio on account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards done by the Party or Parties distraining 5 but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity may recover full Compeijfa-tion for the special Damage incurred by an Action on the case: Provided always, that no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in any such Action on the case, or in any action commenced against any Person or Persons for any thing done in pursuance of any local Act ov Acts of Parliament relating to any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, or in pursuance of this Act, unless such Action shall be commenced within Twenty eight Days after any alleged Irregularity, Trespass or wrongful Proceeding shall he done, nor unless Notice in Writing of such intended Action shall have been given to the Clerk or Clerks of the Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in any such parochial or other District, or left at hit or their last or usual Place or Places of Abode, Twenty one Days before such Action shall be commenced, signed by the Attorney for the intended Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, specifying the cause orcaufes of such. Action; nor shall any Plaintiff or Plaintiffs recover in such Action for Satisfaction for special Damage or otherwise, or for any such Irregularity, Trespass or other Proceedings, if Tender of sufficient Amends shall be made by or on the behalf of the Party or Parties who shall have committed or caused to be committed every or any such Irregularity, Trespass or wrongful Proceeding, before such Action shall be brought5 and in case no such Tender shall have been made, it shall and may be lawful for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action, by Leave of the Court where such Action shall depend, at any time before Issue be joined in such Action, to pay into such Court such Sum of Money as he, she or they shall think fit; whereupon such Proceedings or Order and Judgment shall be had, made or given in and by such Court, as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court; and that if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in any such Action or Actions shall be nonsuited, or suffer a Discontinuance of such Action, or if upon a Demurrer or Verdict or otherwise, Judgment shall be given for or shall be obtained by the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action, then and in every such cate the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be liable and fubied to the Payment to the Defendant or Defendants of Treble Costs; and the Defendant or Defendants shall have all and every such Remedies for recovering the fame, as any Defendant may have by Law for the Recovery of Costs in any other case.

CXXXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think himself, herself or themselves aggrieved by any Conviction or Order of any Justice or Justices of the Peace acting in and for any City, Borough or County within the Jurisdiction of this Act, for any Offence committed against any local Act or Acts of Parliament relating to any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, or against this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Person. or Persons to appeal to the next'General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace for such City, Borough or County, provided the same shall not be held within Seven Days after such Conviction or Order shall be made, and then to the

Y y a General

347

Form of Conviction.

Distress not to be deemed unlawful for want of Form 5

and Plaintiff in Action for executing Ad not to recover if adequate Amends have been tendered. Limitation of such Action. Notice, fee.

[Treble Costs.]

Appeal from Conviction of Justices,

to General or Quarter Sessions;

348

from Race;

from Bye Law, &c.

to Com m i ffioners, &c.

Relief.

Appeal from Commissioners, &c. to General or Quarter Sessions.

Notice of Appeal.

Recognizance.

Colls.

And on Appeals as to Pavements, full Colls as between Solicitor and Client. Determination of Sessions final. Refuting to obey, Misdemeanor.

If Colls not paid, Action.

Justices to deliver Recognizances to the Clerk to the Commissioners, &c. who may sue on the same.

C. xxix. 57° GEORGII III. A.D. 1817.

General cfc Quarter Sessions of the Peace for such City, Borough or County then next succeeding 5 and also if any Person or Persons shall think himself, herself or themselves aggrieved by any Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, made or to be made for or towards the Expences of paving or repairing the Pavements of the Streets or public Places in any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, either exclusively or jointly with or for or towards any other Objects and Purposes, or by any ByeLaw, Rule or Order made or to be made in pursuance of any such local Act or Acts of Parliament, or in pursuance and by virtue of this Act, or by any other matter or thing done or directed to be done in pursuance of such local Act or Acts of Parliament, or of this Act, then such Person or Persons shall apply for Relief to the Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements for such parochial or other District for which such Rate or Assessment shall then have been made, or by whom any such Bye Law, Rule or Order, or other matter or thing, shall have been made or done or directed to be done, at any Meet ing to be held within Thirty Days next after the making of any such Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, or next after any such matter or thing done and committed by or by an Order of the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons, by which such Person or Persons shall think himself, herself or themselves aggrieved; and the said Commissioners, Trustees or other Persons, are hereby authorized and empowered to givefucn Relief in the Premises as to them shall seem necessary; and if such Person or Persons shall not be satisned with the Determination of such Commissioners, Trustees, or other Persons, or the said Commissioners, Trustees or other Persons, shall neglect within Thirty Days after such Application to determine or to give Notice of such Determination to the Person or Persons so applying for Relief, then and in either of such cases he, she or they may appeal to a Quarter or General Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the City, Borough or pounty within such parochial or other District shall be situate, within Pour Calendar Months next after such Application to the said Commissioners, Trustees or other Persons; but that in all and every such case of Appeal every such Appellant, unless he, she or they shall be Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements as aforesaid, or their Clerk or Clerks, or Surveyor or Surveyors of the Pavements for the time being, or some Person or Persons appointed by them, and whether such Appeal shall be against any Conviction or Order of any Justice or Justices of the Peace, or against any Rate or Assessment, or against any Bye Law, Rule, Order, matter or thing made or done or directed to be done by the said Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons, shall first give or cause to be given Fourteen Days' Notice at lead in Writing of his, her or their Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the matter thereof, signed by every such Appellant, and specifying his, her or their true Residence and Trade or Profession, to the Clerk or Clerks to the said Commissioners, Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements as aforesaid, by delivering such Notice to him or them, or by leaving such Notice for him or them at his or their last or usual Place or Places of Abode, and within Three Days next after the Service of such Notice shall enter into a Recognisance before One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said City, Borough or County, with Two Sufficient Sureties, in the Sum of Fifty Pounds, conditioned to try such Appeal, and to abide the Order of and -to pay such Costs as shall be awarded by the Justices at such Quarter or General Sessions of the Peace for the said City, Borough or County 5 and the said Justices at such General or Quarter Sessions, upon due Proof of such Notice being given as aforesaid and such Recognizance being entered into, in such cases in Which such Notice and Recognizance are hereby directed and required, shall hear and determine the Causes and Masters of such Appeal in a summary way, and award such Costs to the Parties appealing or appealed against as they the said Justices shall think proper; and in all cases wherein the Appeal shall relate to the Provisions contained in this Act for compelling speedy and effectual Reparation of imperfect Pavement, the said Justices 'at such General or Quarter Sessions shall, award full Costs to the Party in whose Favour they shall decide and determine, to be allowed as between Solicitor and Client, and to be settled by the Clerk of the Peace for such City, Borough or County for the time being; and the Determination of such Justices at their Quarter or General Sessions shall be final, binding and conclusive; and that the Recognizances of any Party disobeying, or refuling or neglecting to obey, any Order which may be made by such Justices, shall be forfeited, and that every such Party shall be guilty of a Misdemeanor; and that if any Costs awarded by them, when so settled by the said Clerk of the reace, shall not be forthwith paid, then Double the Amount thereof may be recovered by an Action of Debt or on the case in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminstert wherein rio Essoign, Protection or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed; and that the Payment of any Rate or Assessment shall not be suspended or delayed in consequence of any such Notice of Appeal, or whilst such Appeal may depend, but that the fame and every Part thereof shall and may be demanded, collected and recovered in such and the same manner as if no such Notice of Appeal had been given.

CXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Recognizance and Recognizances entered into by any Person or Persons relating to any Appeal as aforesaid, shall be delivered on Demand to the Clerk or Clerks for the time being to the Commissioners or Trustees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, as to which such Appeal shall relate, by the Justice or Justices who shall have taken the fame; and that the Commissioners or Trustees, or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements of such Parochial or other District, shall and may sue for, recover and receive the Penalty and Penalties or Sum and Sums mentioned in any such Recognizance or 'Recognizances, either in such and the same manner as any Rate, Penalty or Fine may be sued for and recovered by virtue of any local Act or Acts of Parliament relating to any such parochial or other District, or by virtue of this Aftr or by Action or Actions of Debt or on the case, or other Action or Actions in any of His Majesty, s Courts of Record at Westminster, with full Costs of Suit; and that in any such Action or Actions no Essoign, Protection or Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed.

8 CXXXV. And

A.D. 1817. 57° GEORGII III. C. xxix.

CXXXV. And be it further enacted, That no kate or Rates, Assessment or Affeflmejits* uor any Proceeding to be had touching the Conviction of any Offender or Offenders against this Act, or any Order made, or any other matter or thing to be done or transacted in or about the Execution of any local Act or Acts of Parliament relating to any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, or in or about the Execution of this Act, or in pursuance or by virtue thereof, shall be vacated or quashed for want of Form but that any Rate or Assessment, or any matters of Form in any Conviction, Order, Proceeding or other matter and thing, may be amended, as the Justices at any General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace for such City, Borough or County tiiay order and direct 5 nor shall any Rate, Proceeding, Conviction, Order, matter or thing be removed or removable by Certiorari, or by any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or elsewhere; any Law, Statute or Usage to the contrary* notwithstanding.

CXXXVI. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any thing done in Execution or pursuance of any local Act or Acts of Parliament relating, either exclufiyely or jointly with any other Obiefts or Purposes, to the Pavement of any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, until after Twenty one Days* Notice in Writing, signed by the Person or Persons intending to bring such Action or Suit* and Specifying his or their real Residence, and his or their Trade or Profession, shall be thereof given to the Clerk or Clerks to the said Commissioners or Trustees, or .other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, wherein any Fast may be committed, or for which such Action or Suit may be brought 5 nor after Sufficient Satisfaction shall be made or tendered, nor after Three Calendar Months next after the Fast may be committed for which such Action or Suit shall be so brought; and all such Actions or Suits shall be laid and tried in the County of Middlesex or City of London, and not in any other County, City'or Place; and that the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Actions, Suit and Suits, and every of them, may plead the General issue, and give any local Act or Acts of Parliament relating to any such parochial or other District, or this Act, and the Special matter, in Evidence at any Trial or Trials which shall be had thereupon, and that the matter or thing for or on which such Action or Suit shall be brought was done in pursuance and by the Authority of any such local Act or Acts, or of this Act; and if the said matter or thing shall appear to have been so done, or if it shall appear that such Action or Suit was brought before Twenty one Days* Notice was given as before directed, or that Sufficient Satisfaction was made or tendered or paid into Court as aforesaid, or if any such Action or Suit shall not be commenced within the time before for that Purpose limited, or shall be laid in any other County, City or Place than as aforesaid, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants therein; and if a Verdict shall be found for such Defendant or Defendants, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Action or Suit shall become nonsuited, or suffer a Discontinuance of such Action or Suit, or if upon a Demurrer or Demurrers in such Action or Suit, or upon a Verdict or otherwise, Judgement shall be given for the Defendant or Defendants therein, then and in either of the cases aforesaid such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and shall have such Remedies for recovering the same as any Defendant may have for the Recovery of Costs in other cases by Law.

CXXXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all and every the Clauses, Provisions, Articles, matters and things in this Act contained, and applying or relating to any Commissioners or Trustees having the Control of the Pavements in any Streets or public Places in any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, shall also extend and apply to, and all the Powers, Privileges, Indemnities and Authorities hereby conferred upon them shall and may be exercised and enjoyedi by all and every other Persons having the Control of the Pavements in the Streets or public Places in any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, under and by virtue of any local Act or Acts of Parliament or otherwise, and "howsoever such Persons having such Control may be designated, entitled and distinguished in and by such localAct or Acts of Parliament or otherwise, and whether they be so designated, entitled and distinguished as Vestrymen, Committees, Courts or otherwise; any thing contained in such local Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding; and that they and every of them shall and may have, exercise and enjoy all such Powers, Privileges, Indemnities and Authorities, in such and the same manner as if every such public Body and such Persons was or were distinctly and Separately enumerated, nominated and set forth in this Act, and in every Clause, matter and Provision herein contained.

CXXXVIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That neither any Act or Acts of Parliament relating either 'exclusively to the paving or repairing the Pavements of the Streets or public Places in any parochial-or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, or relating thereto jointly with any other Object or Purpose, nor any Clause, matter or Provision therein contained, shall be hereby repealed 5 but that the Commissioners, Trustees or other Persons by any such local Act or Acts of Parliament veiled with the Control or Superintendence of the Pavement of the Streets and public Places in every such parochial or other District* shall retain and may exercise all and every the Powers and Authorities by all and every such local Act and Acts of Parliament conferred upon them or any of them; and that they may from time to time and at all times either aft under and upon all or any of the Provisions, Clauses, Powers and Authorities of such Act or Acts of Parliament or under arty of the Provisions, Clauses, Powers and Authorities of this Act, as they from time to time, upon each Emergency or each particular Occasion, may think proper and deem moll expedient 5 but subject nevertheless to all the Provisions contained in this Act as to the Appointment of Surveyors of the Pavement in every parochial or other District, and as to the means hereby provided for compelling the speedj and effectual Reparation of imperfect Pavement in all Streets and public Places within the Jurisdiction of this Act, and the Regulation and Improvement of such Streets, and Removal and Prevention of Nuisances and Obstructions, according to the Provisions of this Act.

349

Proceedings not quashed for want of Form;

nor removable by Certiorari, &c.

Notice and Limitation of Actions for things done in Execution of local A6h relating to Pavements, See.

Tender of Satisfaction.

[General Issue.]

Treble Cofb.

The Power* conferred on Commissioners and Trustees to belong toVeftry-men, Committees, Courts and all other Persons having the Control of Pavements.

Local Paving Acts of Parliament not hereby repealed.

Proviso for pftate of Marquis Camden in Saint Pancras:

And for the EHite of Lord Sommers:

And for the Westminster and Surrey, &c. Commissioners of Sewers.

Act not to authorize making any Thoroughfare, without Consent of Owner of Estate. Proviso for Psrilhes of Islington and Hackney.

56 G. 3. c. 128. I »8, 19.

Proviso for the Cud Act as above redted.

56 G. 3. c.i»8 I 79*

Houset, See. within the Parish of Saint Mary le bone, within the said Act, to be rated at a specific Sum.

C. xxix. 57 GEORGII III. A.D. 1817.

CXXXIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That neither this Act, nor any Enactment, Clause, Provision, matter or thing herein contained, shall extend or be construed to extend to the Estate of The Most Honourable The Marquis Camden, situate and being in the Parish of Saint Pancras in the County of Middlesex, but that the same shall be completely and entirely exempted therefrom; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

CXL. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That neither this Act, nor any Enadment, Clause, Provision, matter or thing herein contained, shall extend or be construed to extend to the Estate of the Right Honourable John Sommers Lord Sommers, situate and being in the Parish of Saint Pancras in the County of Middlesex, but that the same shall be completely and entirely exempted therefrom; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

CXLI. Provided also, and be it further enacted and declared, That the several Powers and Authorities by this Act granted shall not extend or be construed to extend to enable any Person or Persons whomsoever to have any Control, Right, Power or Authority over the Sewers and other Works now under the Control and Direction of the Commissioners of Sewers for the City and Liberty of Westminster and Part of the County of Middlesex, or for the Limits extending from East Moulsey in Surrey to Ravsnjbourne in Kent; but that all such Powers, Rights and Authorities now vested in the said Commissioners, shall remain and continue, in theqi solely and exclusively, and no others, in such and the same manner to all Intents and Purposes as if this Act had not been passed.

CXLII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to authorize the taking down or removing any Bar, Gate, Rail or other Fence fixed for preventing any Thoroughfare into or from any Square, Street or Way, without the Consent of the Owner of the Estate or Property upon which such Bars, Gates, Rails or other Fences, Squares, Streets or Ways shall be situate.

CXLIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That neither this Act, nor any Enadment, Clause, Provision, matter or thing herein contained, shall extend or be construed to extend to the Parishes of Saint Mary Islington, or of Saint John at Hackney, in the County of Middlesex, although such Parishes are included in the Weekly Bills of Mortality, but that the said Parishes shall be completely and entirely exempted therefrom 5 any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

CXLIV. And Whereas by an Act passed in the Fifty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

intituled An Act to amend Two Acts made in the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for opening a more convenient Communication from Mary le bone Park to Charing Cross, and for paving the Streets to be made in Mary le bone Park; and to enable His Majesty to grant small Portions of Land as Scites for public Buildings, or to be used as Cemeteries within the Bills of Mortality; it was enacted, that it Should be lawful for the Commissioners for executing that Ad to authorize and permit the building or erecting and making of any Porticoes, Arcades and other covered Ways projecting from any Buildings or Houses

which Should or might be built on the Sides of the new Streets, Squares, Circuffes, Ways, Courts, Passages

or Places comprised within the Provisions of the said Act, extending over any Footways of the said Streets,

Squares, Circuftes, Ways, Courts, Passages or Places under the Restrictions therein mentioned; and to per-

mit the erecting or making, or continuing or suffering to remain the Fronts of any Houses or Buildings in the said Streets, Squares, Circuffes, Ways, Courts, Passages and Places, in such manner as that some Fronts

might recede behind or advance before others and with Bow Windows or other Projections, and with Viran- das, Alcoves, Balconies, Pilasters, Columns and Shop Windows, or other Projections under the Restrictions

therein mentioned 5' Now therefore be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be con ftrued to extend to alter, abridge, repeal or affect any of the said Provisions in the said recited Act of the Fifty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty contained, or to authorize or empower any Surveyor of Pavements, or other Person or Persons, to remove or alter, or to require the Removal or Alteration of any Porticoes, Arcades or other covered Ways, Bow Windows, Virandas, Alcoves, Balconies, Pilaster Columns, Archi-tedural Ornaments or other Projections which have been heretofore or shall be hereafter authorized or permitted, by the Commissioners for the time being for executing the said recited Act, to be made in or to any Houses or other Erections which shall have been or shall or may be eredecTor built in any of the Streets, Squares, Circuftes, Ways, Courts, Passages or Places comprised within the Provisions of the said recited Act of the Fifty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty.

CXLV. And Whereas by the said last mentioned Adit was enacted, that such of the Houses, Buildings,

Lands and Hereditaments, which were intended to be taken and used under the Provisions and for the Purposes of the first Ad therein recited, as are situated in the Parish of Saint Mary le bone, and also the Houses arid

Buildings to be erected on the said Lands, should for ever thereafter, in making any Rates or Assessments for the paving, repairing, watching, lighting and cleansing the several Streets and other Places in the said Parish of Saint Mary le bone, be charged and assessed thereto, as being altogether and in the whole of the yearly Rent or Value of Six thousand and eighty four Pounds, and no more; and that the fame should for ever there -

after be charged and assessed ana rated at the said yearly Rent of Six thousand and eighty four Pounds,

whether the Rents or Values of the fame should be more or less Be it therefore further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be construed or extend to alter, repeal or annul the Provisions contained in the said recited Act of the Fifty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, with Relation thereto; but that all such Houses, Buildings, Lands and Hereditaments comprised within the Provisions of the said recited Act of the Fifty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, as are situate within the said Parish of Saint Mary le bone, shall for all the Purposes of this Act be charged and afieffed as being altogether and in the whole of the said yearly Rent or Value of Six thousand and eighty four Pounds, and no more$ and that the said Sum of Sip

11 thousand

351

A.D. 1817. 57° GEORGII III. C. xxix — xxxviii.

thousand and eighty four Pounds shall at all times hereafter, and for all the Purposes of this Act, be deemed and taken to be the annual Rent or Value of all such Houses, Buildings, Lands and Hereditaments; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

CXLVI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to extend to the Collegiate Church of Saint Peter Westminster, which has a Pavement of its own to maintain, or to such Part or Part9 of the immediate Close thereof, which have been hitherto exempt from paving Rates; nor to.give Power to the Commissioners or Tmftees or other Persons having the Control of the Pavements of any parochial or other District under the Operation of this Act, to purchase or to pull down any Houses, Walls or Buildings, being Part of the said Collegiate Church, Westminster School and the Buildings thereto appertaining, situate within the ancient Close of the fame Collegiate Church, or in College Street, Dean Street^ Smith Street or The Sanctuary, and which are adjoining to Dean's Yardy or adjoining to any of the Houses contiguous to DeaidsYardand the Yards or Play Grounds belonging to the fame Houses; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

CXLVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That neither this Act, nor any Enactment, Clause, Provision, matter or thing herein contained, shall extend or be construed to extend to any Turnpike Road or Turnpike Roads or to any Part of any Turnpike Road or Turnpike Road3, whether the same shall be paved or unpaved, now being in any parochial or other District within the Jurisdiction of this Act, but that the same shall be completely and entirely exempted therefrom; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any Wise notwithstanding.

CXLVIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others without being specially pleaded.

Cap. xxx.

An Act to regulate the loading of Ships with Coals in the Port of Newcastle upon Tyne. (b)

[16th June 1817.]

Cap. xxxi.

An Act for fixing the Dues, Duties and Payments for all Goods, Wares and Merchandize, landed on or shipped from the Pier or Quay of the Town of Penzance in the County of Cornwall, and on all Ships and Vessels resorting to the said Pier or Quay, or to the Harbour of Penzance.

[16th June 1817.]

Cap. xxxii.

An Act for the further Improvement of the Town and Harbours of Greenock; for establishing and supporting a Harbour Police $ and for the better regulating the Poor of the Three Parishes of Greenock.

£i6th June 1817.]

Cap. xxxiii.

An Act for altering and amending an Act of the Fifty second Year of His present Majesty, for regulating the Police of the City of Edinburgh and the adjoining Districts, and for other Purposes relating thereto.

£i6th June 1817.]

Cap. xxxiv.

An Act for making the Hamlet of Poplar and Blackball, in the County of Middlesex, a separate and distinct Parish; and for erecting a Parish Church therein, and other Purposes relating thereto, [\6l\ijune 1817.]

Cap. xxxv.

An Act for enlarging the Church Yard of the Parish of Chrifi Church in the County of Surrey; and for other Purposes relating thereto.

[16th June 1817.]

Cap. xxxvi.

An Act for enlarging the Church Yard, and providing additional Burying Ground, for the Parish of Bradford, in the West Riding of the County of York.

[16th June 1817.]

Cap. xxxvii.

An Act for making and maintaining a Railway or Tram Road from Bull's Head Lane, in the Parish of Mansfield, in the County of Nottingham, to communicate with the Cromford Canal at Pinxton Bajin in the Parish of Pinxton, in the County o? Derby.

[16th June 1817.]

Cap. xxxviii.

An Act for inclosing Lands within the Parishes of Norton and Heckingham, in the County of Norfolk; and for draining certain Lands in the said Parish of Norton.

[16th June 1817.]

Cap.

Proviso for the Collegiate Church of Westminster and Places contiguous thereto;

and for Turnpike Roads.

Public A a.

50 G. 3. c. 191.

13 G.j. c. 28. a9 G. 3. c. 43., 41 G. 3. c.li., (U.K.)

43 G. 3. c.lxxxvii. 50 G. 3. c. dxyir.

32 G. 3. c. dxxil. 56 G. 3. c. lxxiv.

41 G. 3. c. 109.*

52 C. xxxix. 57° GEORGII III. A.D. 1817.

Cap. xxxix.

An Act to amend an Act, paflfedin the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty, for improving and rem-dering more commodious such Parts of the County and County of the City of Dublin as are situate on the South Side of the River Anna Liffey, and West of His Majesty's Castle or Dublin; and for the Appointment of an Inspector of the Presentments and other Accounts of the County of the City of Dublin.

£i6th June 1817.]

[31 G. 2. c. 19. 33 G. 2. c. 15. 7 G. 3. c. 7. 21 & 22 G. 3. c. 17. 23 £53*24 G. 3. r. 31. 26G. 3. r.32. 27 G. 3. r. 43. 30 G. 3. r. 19. 36 G. 3. r. 54. 39 C?. 3. r. 53. 40 G. 3. c. 61. 7r//& A3s; and 47 G. 3. 2. (£7. AT.) r. lxxiv. extended to this Act, § l.]

Commissioners

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful to and for the said Commissioners

not to remove to takedown, remove or make use of, for any of the Purposes of this Act, any Messuages, Houses or

Buddings, except Buildings, other than and except such as are specified, mentioned and declared in the Schedule hereunto

«.n Schedule. aMe|

Misnomers not

III. Provided also, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commis-to prevent Exe- sioners to take down, alter, remove and make use of any Messuage, House or other Building, and to cut cution of A<&. into, through, acrof6 or over, and make use of the Lands and Grounds whereon the same shall be situate, for any of the Purposes of the said recited Acts and this Act, in any such Street, Lane, Way or Passage as aforesaid, not with (landing the Name or Names of the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers thereof, is or are not mentioned in the Schedule to this Act, in all cases where it shall appear to any Two or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the City and County of the City of Dublin, and be certified T>y them under their Hands, that the Name or Names of such Owner or Owners, Occupier or pccupiers, hath or have been omitted by Mistake in the said Schedule, or that instead of his, her or their Name or Names, the .Name or Names of some other Person or Persons hath or have been by Mistake inserted therein; any -thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

Members for the

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Members who serve in Parliament for the County of Dublin for County of JDub- the time being, shall be and become Commissioners for carrying the said recited Acts and this Act into Execution, in as full, ample and beneficial a manner, and with such and the like Powers and Authorities! and subject to such and the like Rules, Orders and Directions, as if they had been nominated pr appointed by the said recited Acts or any of them.

V. And be it further enacted, That all and every Suit and Suits at Law or in Equity, which are now carrying on and prosecuting against the said Commissioners, or defended by the said Commissioners in their own Names, shall and may from and after the passing of this Act be carried on, prosecuted apd. defended by the said Commissioners in the Name of their Clerk or Clerks, Secretary or Secretaries, or the Person or Persons appointed thereto for the time being; and that all Suit or Suits at Law or iin Equity, touching or concerning any Contract or Contracts or Agreements heretofore made or entered into by the said Commissioners, shall be carried on, prosecuted and defended in the Name of such Clerk or Clerks, Secretary or Secretaries for the time being; and that all such Suits and Proceedings in any Coorl of Law or Equity, in the Name of such Clerk or Clerks, Secretary or Secretaries, shall be as good and efEeftual to all Intents and Purposes as if such Suits and Proceedings had b?en commenced, prosecuted and ejefended, or carried on, in the Name of the said Commissioners or any of them 5 apd in case any Bill or Petition shall be filed or exhibited in any Court of Equity against the said Commissioners for the time being, or any of them, or their Clerk or Clerks, Secretary or Secretaries for the time being, for or on account of any matter or thing by the said Commissioners, or .any of them made or done in Execution of the Powers, Authorities, or Trusts heretofore or hereby vested in them the said Commissioners or any of them, shall not be obliged to answer such Bill or Petition; but that the Answer of such Clerk or Clerks, Secretary or Secretaries, to such Bill or Petition, shall be deemed and taken to be the Answer of the said Commissioners, and shall be binding upon them to all Intents and Pursuit not to abate poses whatsoever; and in case such Clerk or Clerks, Secretary or Secretaries, shall happen to die, - or be by Death or Re- rem0ved by the said Commissioners, while such Suit or Suits shall be depending, that then and in such case ^Secretary*1 Suit or Suits shall not abate by the Death or Removal of such Clerk or Clerks, Secretary or Secretaries,

but shall be carried on and defended in the Name of the succeeding Clerk or Clerks, Secretary or Secretaries, or if more than one, in the Name of the Survivor, and shall stand to all Intents and Purposes in the same State and Condition as it was immediately before the Death or Removal of such former Clerk or Clerks, Secretary or Secretaries.

A Certificate by

VI. And be it enacted, That on all Indictments and Criminal Proceedings in all cases whatever, in all Clerk or Secre- Courts of Law or Equity and befort all Magistrates in the Kingdom of Ireland, a'Certificate of any Order, Proceedin^sof^ Pr°ceeding, Appointment or other Act of the said Commissioners, under the Hands and Seal of the Commissioners, Clerk or Clerks, Secretary or Secretaries of the said Commissioners for the time being, shall, without roncluGve Evi- further Proof, be deemed and taken as conclusive Evidence that such Order, Proceeding, or other Acts as dence thereof. shall be thereby certified, is the Order, Proceeding, Appointment, or Act of the Commissioners for making Certificate of wide and convenient Streets in the City of Dublin; and every such Certificate of the Appointment of of their Clerk or Clerks, Secretary or Secretaries, shall be eonclusive Evidence in like manner that the Person CJerk, vidence. or f0 name<j jn such Appointment is the Clerk or Clerks, Secretary or Secretaries to the said Commissioners.

110 to be Commissioners.

Suits may be prosecuted or defended in the Name of the Clerk, Secretary, 8tc.

A.D. 1817. 57° GEO. RGII IIL C. xxxix/ 353

VII. Provided always, That every such Clerk or Clerks, Secretary or Secretaries, in whose Name any clerk or Secre-Actions or Suits shall be prosecuted or defended in pursuance of this Act, shall be fully reimbursed and tary reimbursed. paid, out of the Money which shall arise from any Rates or Assessments to be levied under this Act, all such Costs, Damages, and Expences as by the Event or In consequence of any such Action or Proceeding he or they shall pay, bear, expend or be put unto, or become chargeable with by reason of his or their being so made Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or Defendant or Defendants, as aforesaid.

VIII. And be it enacted, That in all the cases where the said Commissioners or their Successors shall Preroifes situate think it necessary to purchase any Grounds, Houses, Buildings, or Premises, Part whereof shall be situate pardy in the

in the County of Dublin, and other Part whereof shall be situate in the County of the City of Dublin, it 90U, lly of shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners or their Successors to cause such Premises, fheOt^ima whether situate in the County or County of the City of Dublin aforesaid, to be valued by one and the be^alued by, fame Jury, they the said Commissioners or their Successors causing Six of the Jurors to be impannelled and one Jury, sworn for such Valuation to be Men of the County of Dublin, and the other Six of such Juries to be Men of the County of the City of Dublin; and that all and every the Powers and Authorities vetted in the said Commissioners by any former Acts, touching or concerning any Valuation or Valuations by a Jury, shall and may extend and be construed to extend to all Valuations to be made in pursuance of this Act.

[Public Act.]

IX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notictf'of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded*

The SCHEDULE to which the Act refers.

Description of Preroifes. Where situate.

A Dwelling House No. 57, Fishamble Street

Two Dwelling Houses 58 and 59, fame Streep \ c

A Dwelling House and) Warehouse - j A Dwelling House and) Premises - 3 A Dwelling House A Dwelling House A Dwelling House A Dwelling House 60, fame Street No. 17, Skinner Royr 18, fame Street 19, fame Street 20, fame Street 21, fame Street

A Dwelling House 22, fame Street

A Dwelling House Three Dwelling Houses -A Dwelling House A Dwelling House 23, fame Street 24* 25, 26, fame Street 27, fame Street 28, fame Street

A Dwelling House 29, fame Street

A Dwelling House 30, fame Street

A Dwelling House \ 31, fame Street

A Dwelling House 32, fame Street

A Dwelling House 33, fame Street

A Dwelling House 34, fame. Street

A Dwelling House A Dwelling House .Three ruiuous Houses } j ' 35, fame Street 36, fame Street No. 1, 2, 3, Christ Church- \ yard - - J

A Dwelling House 9, fame Street

j A Dwelling House 1 A Dwelling House 1 Two Dwelling Houses Two Dwelling Houses A Dwelling House A Dwelling House 57 Geo. III. 10, fame Street 11, fame Street 12 and i2f, fame Street 13 and 14, fame Street 15, fame Street 16, fame Street Z

1

Owners.

Joseph Smith, Esq, Representative 1 of Patience Fuite 3

Berkley Buckingham Smyth Staf,

ford, a Minor Thomas Murphy, Elizabeth White, Earl of Moira

Abraham Mason -

Ambrose Boxwell -

Assignees of John T^udor Ditto ditto -

Ditto ditto -

John Hudson, the Assignees of John 1 Tudor -.J

Assignees of John Tudor ,-

Dean and Chapter of Christ Church George Harrison ' -

Richard Folds, Joseph Ducket Robert Mulock, Sir Compton Dom- ville, Bart. - - 3

Bernard Campfie, Jane Haddock, thel Dean and Chapter of Christ > Church j

Thomas Gilcrift, Jane Haddock, ) Dean & Chapter of Christ Church J Sir Compton Domville, Bart, Hickman Blaney Molesworth, Arch- deacon King - - J

John Hynes, Dean and Chapter of \ Christ Church 3

Dean and Chapter of Christ Church Ditto ditto - - -'.

Ditto ditto...

George Dowdall, the Dean* and) Chapter of Christ Church J Robert Williams, William Hall Robert Williams, William Hall*William Hall Rev. John Gorges -

Ditto ditto...

Dean and Chapter of Christ Church

Occupiers.

Thomas Perry. Judith M'^aun.

Charles^O'Neil. William Osborne,

Martin Harney.

Ambrose Boxwell. Terence O'Loughlin Edward Murphy. Unoccupied.

Joseph Malone,

Unoccupied.

Unoccupied.

John Thorpe. Stephen Strech.

John Wright,

Matthew Tommin.

Thomas Fairbrother. Bridget Perry. George Friend*

John Hynes.

Unoccupied.

Unoccupied.

Unoccupied.

John Bate.

John Riordari. Unoccupied.

Charles O'Neil. Patrick Kirk.

Mary Petit.

Jane Bell.

354 C. xxxix, xl.

57° GEORGII< III.

SCHEDULE — continued.

A.D. 1817.

Description of Premift*. Where situate.

A Dwelling House No. 47, Kevin Street

A Dwelling House A Dwelling House A Dwelling House - A Dwelling House A Dwelling House 48, fame Street 49, fame Street No. 7, St. Patrick's South! Close ... S 6, fame Street 5, fame Street

Four small Dwelling Houses No, 1, 2, 3, 4, Mitre Alley

A Dwelling House.-A Dwelling House 5, fame No. 5J, fame

A Dwelling House 6, fame -

A Dwelling House 7, fame - /

A Dwelling House St. Patrick Street - J

A Yard -.A Dwelling House Same Street ... Same Street ... r

A Dwelling House 5.7, fame Street.

A Dwelling House v 58, faipe Street j

Two Dwelling Houses 5^9 and 60, fame Street i

A Dwelling House and 7 Warehouse - 3 A Dwelling House A Dwelling House, -A Dwelling House A Dwelling House , Two Dwelling Houses.-A Dwelling House A Market House for the! Sale of Corn - 3 36, Bride Street \ 57, fame Street 1, Cannon Street 2, fame Street 3, fame Street and 5, fame Street 6, fame Street St. Thomas Street

Owners.

Occupiers.

William Collin89 Dean and Chapter ] of St. Patrick's Cathedral j Ditto ditto -

Ditto ditto -

Vicars Choral of St. Patrick's Cathedral

Ditto ditto -

Ditto ditto -

Thomas Mathews, Vicars Choral of 7 St. Patrick's Cathedral - 3

Vicars Choral of St. Patrick's Cathedral Vicars Choral of St. Patrick's James Lyons^Vicars Choral of St. 7 Patrick's Cathedral - 3

Thomas Mathews, Vicars Choral ofi St. Patrick's Cathedral Assignees of William Egan, a Bank- 1 rupt, Bridget Doyle, Richard I Corballes, Archdeacon of [ Dublin - - J

Ditto, ditto -

Ditto, ditto...

Michael Frayne, Francis Hanna, T Petty Canons of St. Patrick's > Cathedral - - - J

John Byrne, Francis Hanna, Petty 7 Canonsof St. Patrick's Cathedral \ Dean and Chapter of St. Patrick's!

Cathedral - - - j

Edward Con liable, Petty Canons of 7 Patrick's Cathedral - 3

Ditto ditto -

Ditto ditto -

Ditto ditto -

Ditto ditto -

Ditto ditto -

Ditto ditto -

Corporation of the City of Dublin -

David Drifcoll.

Joseph O'Brien. George Cluefs.

William Collins.

Mr. Thomas Bourne* William Maguire.

William Collins.

Unoccupied.

Unoccupied.

Darby Brion. Charles Smyth.

John Lynch.

Edward Kelly. Edward Downey.

Thomas Codd.

James Towers.

Mary Gorman.

William Robinson.

Unoccupied.

Robert Tomkim. James Towers.

James Towers. Alexander Copeland James Towers.

Cap. xl.

An Act for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers granted to the Principal Land Coal Meters for the City and Liberty of Westminster) and for extending the Limits of their Office to the Parish of Saint Duke Chelsea. £l6th June IS17.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for explaining, amending and reducing into one Act of Parliament the federal A&j 4 polfcdfor more effectually preventing the Frauds and Abuses committed in the Admeasurement of Coals within the City and Ltberty of Westminster, and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster adjoining thereto, and the several Parifoes of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint Mary le bone, and such Part of the Parish of Saint

36 G. 3. c. 61. «* Andrew Holborn as lies in the County of Middlesex: And Whereas another Act was passed in the Thirty

c sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for further continuing and amending the several Adsfaffedfor preventing the Frauds and Abuses committed in the Admeasurement of Coals within the

City and Ltlerty of Westminster, and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster adjoining thereto, and the several Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields and Saint Mary le bone, and such Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew

4&G.3-C. Ixxxis. i Holborn as lies in the County of Middlesex: And Whereas another Act was passed in the Forty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to remove Doubts as to certain A3s relating to the Admeasurement of Coals in the City and Liberty of Westminster and Parts adjacent; and to revive and continue off A3 passed in the Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, relating to the Admoafutcmmt\ of Coals within the Limits aforesaid, and to indemnify all Persons who have a3ed in pursuanct of any

H. 4 of

AJX181.7. 57° GEORGII III. C.xfc

9 of the Provisions of the said fid: And Whereas, by virtue of the first of the said recited Acts, an Office9was established within the City and Liberty of Westminster, called by the Name of the Land Coal Meter's

Ofece.for the City and Liberty of Westminster, ' to be managed by such Two Persons as should be nominated9 and appointed by His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors; which Two Persons should be called by the Title

of( The Principal Land Coal Meters for the City and Liberty of Westminster* and continued by the last of the said recited Acts until the Twenty fourth Day of Juke One thousand eight hundred and fevtntten, and from thence until the End of the then next Session of Parliament: And Whereas, by Letters Patent under i the Privy Seal of His present Majesty, respectively bearing Date the Third Day of March in the Thirty9eighth Year of His Reign, and the Twenty third Day of December, in the Forty seventh Year of His Reign,

1 His said Majesty granted to John Baker of Northumberland Street, Westminster, Gentleman, and Alexander9Tulloch of Saint Albans Street, Westminster, Gentleman, the said Land Coal Meter's Office for the City and Liberty of Westminster, and nominated and appointed them the Principal Coal Meters for the City and Linerty

f of Westminster, during His Royal Will and rleafure: And Whereas by an Act passed in the Forty seventh 47^.3. SeflT. 2.9Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for repealing the several Acts for regulating the c, l*VIII,

9 Vend and Delivery of Coals within the Cities of London and Westminster, and Liberties thereof, and tn cer-9 tain Parts of the Counties of Middlesex, Surrey, Kent and Essex, and for making better Provision for the fame, the several A6bs of Parliament hereinbefore referred to were repealed, and other Provisions and Regu-9 lations were made for preventing Frauds and Abuses in the Admeasurement and Delivery of Coals within the Limits in the said Act mentioned; and by the said Act it was enacted, that the said John Baker and ' Alexander Tulloch, the Two Person9 then last nominated and appointed by His said present Majesty, and then holding and exercising the Office of Principal 'Land Coal Meters for the City of Westminster, should9remain and continue such Principal Land Coal Meters for the Purpose of admeasuring Coals within the 9, City and Liberty of Wefimhfler, and for that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster adjoining thereto, and for the several Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint Mary le bone, and for such Part of the Parish of Saint9Andrew Holborn as lies in the County of Middlesex, and for other Purposes mentioned in the said Act, save9 and except he or they should die or be removed from such Office or Offices by His Msjsfty, His Heirs and Successors, which Removal His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, are thereby empowered to make,

until the Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, and from thence to9the End of the then next Session of Parliament: And Whereas the Regulations contained in the said recited Act have been found very beneficial to the Consumers of Coals within the Limits therein V comprised s And Whereas the Term for which the said John Baker and Alexander Tulloch were continued Principal Land Coal Meters as aforesaid hath nearly expired, and His Majesty has been graciously9pleased that the fame should be renewed in Manner herein after mentioned: And Whereas Doubts have arisen9whether the said Principal Coal Meters have the Power of suspending or dismissing the labouring Land9Coal Meters appointed by them by virtue of the said recited Act $ and it is therefore expedient that such9Power should be expressly given to them: And Whereas by the said recited Act of the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of Wis present Majesty, and by an Act made in the Fifty fikth Year of the Reign of Hi* 56 G. 3. c.xxi.

9 present Majesty, intituled An Act for preventing Frauds in the Admeasurement and Delivery if Coals

within the federal Parishes in the County of Middlesex lying between the Parish of Saint Luke Chelsea and the Mouth of the River Colne near Staines; and also between Lhnehouse Hole and the Mouth of the River9Lee near Black wall; and also within the fevered Parishes in the Counties of Middlesex and Essex, adjoining9to both Banks of the River Lee and the Branches thereof between the River Thames and Edmonton,

9 Regulations have been made for preventing Frauds in the Admeasurement and Delivery of Coals in all the9Places adjoining the River Thames between the Mouth of the River Lee near Blaeiwafl and the Month of the River Colne near Staines, excepting only the said Parish of Saint Lube Chelsea: And Whereas, since

the Establishment of the Land Coal Meter's Office for the City and Liberty vVWestminster, the said Parish of Saint Luke Chelsea hath greatly increased in Population and Buildings, and the Houses and Street*

9 therein adjoin to and communicate with certain Parts of the City and Liberty of Westminster: And9Whereat the Provisions of the said Act of the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty are liable to be

gveatly evaded by carrying Coals landed in the said Parish of Saint Luke Chelsea into the City and Liberty

of Wfiminster; and it is apprehended that if the Regulations contained in the said recited Act of the forty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty were extended to the said ParWh of Saint Luk$

9 Chelsea, they would be of great Benefit to the Inhabitants of the said Parish, and would prevent the

Provisions of the said Act of the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty from being

9 evaded: And Whereas, in conrsequence of the immediate Vicinity of the said Parish of Saint Luke Chelsea9to the said City and Liberty of Wefimiifier, the said Parish of_Saint Luke Chelsea might with peculiar9Convenience be comprised within the Limits of the said Land Coal Meter's Office for the City and Liberty of Westminster May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be ena6bed; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That Land Coal

from and after the paffiag of this Act the said Land Coal Meter's Office for the Cky and Liberty of Meter's Office

Westmmfer shall be deemed and taken to be the Principal Land Coal Meter's Office, not only for the said for

City and Liberty of Westminster, and for that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster adjoining thereto, and for ^pal oSie the said several Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint Mary le Bone, and such Part of the said Partth of cheUea. Saint Andrew Holborn as lies in the County of Middlesex, but also for the said Parish of Saint Luke Chelsea:

Provided always, that in addition to the Land Coal Meter's Office already established under the said recited A6bs in and for the City and Liberty of Wfimifier, there shall be an Office? to be situated in the Parish of Saint Luke Chelsea, for the Accommodation of the Inhabitants thereof.

Z z 2 II. And

1

Regulations of 47 0.3. Se(T a. c.lxviil extended to Chelsea.

John Baker and Alexander Tul-loch to be Principal Laud Coal Meters for Westminster, &c. and Chelsea (uti-less removed) for the further Term of 14 Years.

His Majesty to appoint Principal Land Coal Meters upon any Vacancy.

Principal Land Coal Meters may suspend or dismist labouring Meters.

Treasury may make Regulations, and remove, See. Principal and other Meters, &c.

aiui appoint othets, and all'o Silariu.

C.il if GEOttQII HR A.D. 1817.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act* all the Regulations, Provisions, Powers, Authorities, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, matters and things in the said Tecited Act of the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty contained concerning the City* and Liberty of Westminster and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster adjoining thereto, and the said several Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint Mary le Bone, and such Part of the Parish. of Saint Andrew Holhom as Hes in the County of Middlesex, or concerning the Land Coal Meter's Office for the said City and Liberty of Westminster, or the principal or labouring Coal Meters belonging to the fame; or concerning the Admeasurement, Sale, or Delivery of Coals, or the Sums of Money to be paid for admeasuring Coals, ' or the storing or warehousing of Coals, or any other Act, matter or thing whatsoever to be done under* the Provisions of the said Act, within the same City and Liberty, Places and Parishes, shall extend and be construed to extend to the Parish of Saint Luke Chelfeay and shall operate and be in force, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever as if the said Parish of Saint Luke Chelsea had been originally included and specified in the said several recited Acts, and comprised within the Limits of the said Land Coal Meter's Office for the City and Liberty of Westminster, and as if the said Parish of Saint Luke Chelsea had been specified with the said several Pari (hes in' the said last recited Act mentioned, in all Regulations, Provisions, Powers, Authorities, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, matters and things in the said Act specified, and in all Forms directed to be used' thereby, together with the Names of the said City and Liberty of Westminster and that Part of the Duchy* of Lancaster adjoining thereto, and the several Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint Mary le Bone, and* such Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew Holhom as lies in the County of Middlesex, when and so often as the fame Names occur therein, and as if the Title of this Act were inserted in addition to the Title of the said recited Act, in all Forms directed to be used by the said Act, in which the Title of the said recited Act' is directed to be inserted, and as if the fame respectively were severally and separately reenacted in this Act, in relation to the said Parish.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said John Baker and Alexander Tulloch, the Two Persons

nominated by His said present Majesty, and now holding and exercising the Office of Principal Land Coal Meters for the City and Liberty of Westminster, shall remain and continue and are hereby appointed such Principal Land Coal Meters for the Purpose of admeasuring Coals within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster adjoining thereto, and in the several Parishe3 of Saint Giles in the' Fields, Saint Mary le Bone, and such Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew Holhom as lies in the county of * Middlesex, and also within the said Parish of Saint Luke Chelsea, and for other the Purposes io the said recited Act of the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty and this Act mentioned or' referred to, save and except they or either of them shall die or be removed from such Office or Offices, by' His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, which Removal His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, is and are hereby empowered to make, ), from the Expiration of the Term limited by th&said recited Act of the Forty" seventh Year of the Reign of ft is present Majesty, for and during the further Term of Fourteen Years, ' and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in case, and when and as often as the said John Baker and Alexander

Tullochy or either of them, or any other Principal Land Coal Meter to be from time to time appointed for the' Purposes of the said recited Act of the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, shall be' removed from his Office, or the 'time limited for the Execution of such Office shall expire, or shall die, or become incapable of acting in the Execution of his Office, then it shall be lawful for His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, to nominate and appoint the fame, or any other Person or Persons, as the ode may happen, ' to be Principal Land Coal Meter, in the Room or Stead of such Principal Land Coal Meter, who shall be so removed, or whose time limited for the Execution of his Office shall expire, or who shall die or become* incapable of acting in the Execution of his Office, for any Term not exceeding Fourteen Years, and so totiet quoties, as often as any such case shall happen.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Principal Land Coal Meters for the time being for the City and

Liberty of Westminster, and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster adjoining thereto, and the said several Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields and Saint Mary le honey and such Part of the Parish of Saint Andrensf If of horn as lies in the County of Middlesex, and the said Parish of Saint Luke Chelsea, or either of them, may, ' from time to time, suspend or dismiss the Labouring Land Coal Meters appointed or to be appointed by virtue of the said recited Act of the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty or this Act, ay and when they or he shall in their or his Discretion think fit.*'

VI. Provided always nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act it shall and may be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, ' or any Three or more of them, to make such Rules and Regulations, set* better securing to the Public a justf Quantity and Quality of Coals, as he or they shall deem proper; and also to fnfpend or dismiss any principal Land Coal Meters, or Labouring Land Coal Meters, appointed or to be appointed by virtue of the said recited Act of the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or of this Act, as and when he or they shall in his or their Discretion think fit; and also, that it shall and may be lawful for such Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners, as the case may be, to appoint from time to time such or so many other fit and proper Persone as he or they may deem sufficient and necessary to perform and execute, or assist in performing and executing, the several Duties required to be performed and executed by the said recited Act of the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or by the Regulations of the said Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners, by the Principal Land Coal Meters, or Labouring Land Coal Meters, with such Salaries as

shall

e

A.D. 1817. 57° GEORGII III. C.xl — odvi.'

shall be ordered and appointed by the said Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners, to be paid out of the Monies which shall be lawfully collected under the said recited Act, at the Office of the Principal Land Coal Meters for the City and Liberty of Westminster, and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster adjoining thereto, and the several Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint Mary le bone, and such Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew Holborn as lies in the County of Middlesex, and also for the said Parish of Saint Luke Chelsea; and Principal Meter that neither the said John Baker and Alexander Tulloch, or any other Principal Land Coal Meter to be not to remove appointed under or by virtue of this Act as aforesaid, shall have any Power or Authority to remove or dismissho."raj^"led any of the Persons so appointed by the Lord High Treasurer of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and unless authorised Ireland, or any Three or more of the Commissioners appointed to execute that Office, unless -expressly so to do. authorized so to do by such Lord High Treasurer of* Commissioners.

[Public Act.]

VII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

Cap. xli;

An Act for lighting the City and Suburbs of Glasgow with Gas, and for other Purposes relating thereto.

£i6th June 18(7.]

Cap. xlii.

An Act to repeal an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, for preventing Frauds in the Admeasurement and Deliver)'of Coals within the several Parishes lying contiguous to the Water Side in the County of Kent.

[16th June 1817.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Fifty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled 56 G. 3. c. 78.

An Act for preventing Frauds in the Admeasurement and Delivery of Coals within the several Parishes lying contiguous to the Water Side in the County of Kent, a certain Principal Land Coal Meter was appointed for executing the Provisions thereof, which said Principal Land Coal Meter was'

' thereby directed and required, from time to time, to nominate and appoint a /Efficient Number of labouring

Land Coal Meters for the Admeasurement of Coals fold within the several Parishes of Saint Paul and Saint

Nicholas Deptford, Saint Alphege Greenwich, Saint Luke's Charlton next Woolwich > Saint Mary Woolwich,

Plumflead, Erith, Dartford, Stone, Swainfcombe, Northjleet, Gravesend and Milton next Gravesend, in the Town of Gravesend, and the Parish of Denton, lying contiguous to or adjoining the Water Side, in the said

County of Kent; and certain Regulations were thereby made respecting the Vend and Delivery of Coals fold within, the fame respectively: And Whereas the Regulations of the aforesaid Act have not been found to be beneficial, but, on the contrary thereof, have been and are inconvenient and burthensome to the Inha-

bitantB of the said Parishes, and ought to be repealed May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may

be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act shall be, and the same Act is hereby repealed, and declared to be null Recited Act and void, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.'repealed.

[Public Act.]

II. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

Cap. xliii.

An Act to continue and amend an Act made in the Forty-second Year of His present Majesty, for repairing 42 G. 3. c. xcvii. the Road from Causeway Head near Stirlings through the County of Clackmannan, towards Queen's Ferry, and certain Roads branching out of the fame. (c) [16th June 1817.]

Cap. xliv.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing certain 130.3.0.112. Roads leading from Truro, and other Roads communicating therewith, in the County of Cornwall; and aa G. 3. c. 89. for building and keeping in Repair a Bridge over the River there, (r) [16th June 1817.] r«Ptaled>

42 G. 3. c.iv.

Cap. xlv.

An Act for making and keeping in Repair a Carriage Road from or near the Town of Brough under Stain-more, in the County of Westmoreland, to Middleton Bridge, in the Parish of Roma/dkirk, in the North Riding of the County of York, with a Branch from or near Chapel House to Esvlcflon Bridge, in the same Parish. (a)*J [16th June 1817.]

Cap. xlvi.

An Act for continuing f and amending an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from St am* 35G. 3. C. 15a..ford, in the County of Lincoln, through Oakham, to the Great North Road, in the Parish of Greetham, in the County of Rutland, (a) [16th June 1817.]

[Additional Trustees.']) [Nq Term mentioned, vide §1. 26.]

Cap.

£5# 0.xlvii — lvlii. 57° GEORGII III. AJX 1817.

Cap. xlvii.

An Act for making and keeping in Repair a Carriage Road from the Township of Manchtfler to Newton Chapelt in the Township of Newton9 with a Branch to the River Medlock, in the Township of Droyl/den* in the County Palatine of Lancaster. (c) [loth June 1817.]

Cap. xlviii.

330.3.0.90. An Act for (hutting up and discontinuing a certain Way Or Passage called Old Paris Garden Lane, situate in the Parish of Christ Church in the County of Surrey, and for felling and disposing of the Ground and S6ii thereof.

[16th June 1817.]

3J 0-3-(')

C 43. Term to Cap.*lix.

An Act to continue an Act, passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirty-fifth Year of His prefect Ma-Act, thencefotth jesty, for improving and repairing the Turnpike Road leading from Dublin to Mullingar, and for repealing

continued for the several Laws theretofore made relating to the said Road.

[16th June 1817.]

31 Years, &c.

Cap A.

38O.3. c.li. An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of an Act of His present Majesty, for keeping in Repair the Road leading from the Town of Rochiakt in the County Palatine of Lancqfierf to the Town of Burnley, in the said County; and for making Two new Branches of Road to communicate therewith., (c) [16th June 1817.]

[.Additional Trustees. Former Tolls to ceqfe. New Tolls granted.]

CAP. li.

An Act for making and maintaining a Road from Quebec in the Parish of Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York.9 to Homefield Lane End in the feme Parish, with a Bridge or Bridges on the Line of such Road. (J.) [16th June 1817.]

[Royal Family exempt.]

Cap. lii.

36 G 3. c. 13a. At* AA for more effeAuafly repairing the Road from the Bridge of Dee9 southward, through the County of repealed as to'Kincardine, to Stonehaven9 and from thence, by Inverbervie and by Laurencekirk, to the Lower and Upper Turnpike Roads. Bridges over the River North EJk9 and for making and repairing other Roads in the said County, (b)

[loth June 1817.]

Cap. liii.

An Act For settling the Right of Patronage or Presentation of or to a Chapel to be called Stanfied Chapel, in the parish of Stoughton, in the County of Sussex.

[20th June 1817.]

Cap. liv.

An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from the Town of Crowldnd9 in the County of Lincoln, to the Town of Eyes in the County of Northampton, [a) [20th June 1817.]

Cap. Iv.

13 G. 3. c. 98. An Act to continue the Term and alter and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for

35 G. 3. c. 165. repairing the Road from Wrotham Heath to Foots Cray9 and from IVrotbam Heath to Maiddone, in the County of Kent; and the Road from the said Road into the Turnpike Road from Mereworth to Hadlow in the said County, (c) [20th June 1817.]

Additional Trustees

Cap. lvi.

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Lothian Road, near the City of Edinburgh* to join the Foeth and ClydeNavigation near Falkirk, in the County of Stirling.

[27th June 1817.]

\ fc 14 O.3.

).46-

>0 3(1.) 37, recited.

Cap. Ivii.

An Act for giving further Powers to the President and Assistants of the Charitable Society of the Town of Belfyflt m tfye County of jintrim9 to supply the said Town with Water, and to improve their Estates.

[27th June 184 7.3

Cap. lriii.

An Act for Building a Bridge across the Rivet Irytrell, from Water Street in the Township of Salford9 to Saint Mary's Gate in the Township of Manchcjcr, all in the County of Lancaster; and for making proper Avenues tissreto.

[27^/11^1817.]

Cap.

A.D. 181^. 57° GEORGII III. C. fix, lx. 359

Cap. lix.

An Act for granting further Powers for improving the Town of Great Bolton, in the County of Lancaster. 0.3. c. 71.

[27th June 1817.]

Cap lx*

An Act for granting an Equivalent for the Diminution of the Profits of the Office of Gauger of the City of London, and increasing the Payments to be made by Brokers.

[27th June 1817.]

WHEREAS by Letters Patent, bearing Date the Twentieth Day of June, in the Eighteenth Year qi LtiursPatent the Reign of His Majesty King Edward the Fourth, in Consideration of the Sum of Seven thousand stoth June, Pounds, Part of the Monies then owing by His said Majesty to the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, His said Majesty did grant to the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, and ofu wfaLon! their Successors, (among other things therein mentioned, ) the Office of Gauger within the City of London: doo, confratd And Whereas the said Grant was afterwards confirmed t>y certain other Letters Patent, respectively bearing by Letters Pa-Date the Eighteenth Day of October, in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of King Charles the First, and the tent, 18th 0£h Twenty fourth Day of June, in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second: And Whereas 14 c8/*X. until the Completion of the Docks authorized to be made by certain Acts of Parliament made and passed in Cara*'

the Thirty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Year 39 G. 3. c. lxix.

of the Reign of His said present Majesty, which are respectively called the West India Docks, and 39& 40G.3. the London Docks, the Gaugeable Liquors imported into London were accustomed to be landed c. xlvii. within the said City, and the Gauger appointed as the Deputy of the Lord Mayor of the said City was accustomed to gauge such Liquors by virtue of the Grant contained in the aforesaid Letters Patent, and the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens received Profits and Revenues to a considerable Amount in respect thereof: And Whereas, upon the Alienation of the Office of Deputy Gauger by Anthony Harrtfon Esquire, (who succeeded his Father therein, and had held the Situation Twenty three Years and upwards, ) in Favour of his Brother Nicholas Bacon Harrtfon Esquire, the said Nicholas Bacon Harrtfon, on the Eighteenth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and six, was duly appointed to the said Offiqe of Deputy Gauger, under the yearly Rent of Seven hundred and Fifty Pounds: And Whereas previous to the Appointment of the said Nicholas Bacon Harrison, the said Office of Gauger had been exercised for upwards of a Century all over the Port of London, and it was considered that he would have the Right of gauging in the said Docks; and in consequence of the London Dock Company having disputed that Right, the Question was tried in His Majesty's Court of King's Bench, in the Year One thousand eight hundred and seven, when such Right was confirmed by the Verdict of the Jury; but upon a new Trial at Bar in the said Court of King's Bench, in the Year One thousand eight hundred and nine, granted upon the Application of the said Dock Company, it was determined that the Right of guaging did not extend to the Scites of the said Docks: And Whereas the said Acts of Parliament require the greater Part of the Liquors imported into London to be landed in the said Docks, and in consequence thereof the said Deputy Gauger, and the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens have sustained considerable Loss from the Diminution of the Profits of the said Office of Gauger within the said City of London: And Whereas the said Nicholas Bacon Harrison departed this Life on the Twenty third Day of January One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, and Letters of Administration with his Will annexed have been granted to Charles Church out of the Prerogative Court of the Archbishop of Canterbury: And Whereas it is just and expedient that some Compensation should be made to the said Administrator of the said Nicholas Bacon Harrison, and to the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens for the Diminution of the Profits of the said Office: And Whereas by an Act made and passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of Her Majesty Queen Anne, intituled An Act for 6 Ann. c. 16. repealing the At1 of the First Tear of King James the First, intituled An Act for the well garbling of Spices, and for granting an Equivalent to the City of London, by admitting Brokers f after reciting that the Office of Garbler was Part of the Revenues of the City of London, and was then let by Lease to William Stewart, under the Rent of Three hundred Pounds per Annum, the Profits of which Office and the Right of the said William Stewart to the fame, by repealing the said Act, would be very much diminished; it was enacted, that from and after the Determination of the then Session of Parliament, all Persons that should aft as Brokers within the City of London and Liberties thereof, should from time to time be admitted so to do by the Court of Mayor and Aldermen of the said City for the time being, under such Restrictions and Limitations for their honest and good Behaviour as that Court should think fit and reasonable, and should upon such their Admission pay to the Chamberlain of the said City for the time being, for the Uses therein'and herein after mentioned, the Sum of Forty Shillings; and should also yearly pay to the said Uses the Sum of Forty Shillings upon the Twenty ninth Day of September in every Year; aH which Monies should in the first Place be applied for and towards the paying and satisfying to the said William Stewart the Sum of Nine hundred and sixty seven Pounds Ten Shillings, for a Compensatioit for his Interest in the said Office; and that from and after the full Payment of the said Sum of Nine hundred and sixty seven Pounds Ten Shillings to the said William Stewart, all the Monies arising by such Admissions and yearly Payments should go to and be enjoyed by the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London; and it was further enacted, that if any Person or Persons, from and after the Determination of the said then present Sessions of Parliament, should take upon him to act as a Broker, or employ any oth^r under him to act as such within the said City and Liberties, not being admitted as aforesaid, every such Person so offending should forfeit and pay to the Use of the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the said City, for every such Offence, the Sum of Twenty five Pounds, to be

S6o

Brokers admit, ted after July I, to pay the additional Sums herein mentioned.

6 Ann. c. 16. §5. repealed.

Brokers alting without Admil-fion.

[Penalty.]

[Public Act.]

50 Of 3. c. ccvii.

51 G. 3, c. lxvi.

C.lx, lxr, lxii. 57° GEORGII III. A.D. 1817.

recovered in Manner therein mentioned: And Whereas a Compensation may be made to the said Administrator of the said Nicholas Bacon Harrifony and to the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, for the

Loss sustained by them respectively in consequence of the Diminution of the Profits of the said Office of

Gauger, by. increasing the Sums of Money to be paid by Persons hereafter to be admitted to act as Brokers within the said City of London and Liberties thereof as aforesaid; and it is expedient that the Penalty imposed upon Persons who shall act as Brokers, not being duly admitted as aforesaid, should be increased May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Common?, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all Persons that from and after the First Day of July next after the passing of this Act shall be admitted to act as Brokers within the City of London and Liberties thereof by the Court of Mayor and Aldermen of the said City for the Time being, in pursuance of the said recited Act of Parliament, shall upon such their Admission, over and above the Shim of Forty Shillings required to be paid by the said recited Act, pay to the Chamberlain of the said City for the time being the Sum of Three Pounds, and shall also yearly pay to the said Chamberlain, over and above the yearly Sum of Forty Shillings required to be paid by the said recited Act, the Sum of Three Pounds, on the Twenty ninth Day of September in every Year; all which Monies shall go to and be enjoyed by the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, subject to the Payment of such Compensation to the Administrator of the said Nicholas Bacon Harrifoiiy for the Loss sustained by him in the Diminution of the Profits of his said Office as aforesaid, either in a gross Sum of Money, or by annual Sums for any Number of Years, as shall be agreed upon between the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, and the said Administrator of the said Nicholas Bacon Harrison.

II. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited Act as imposes a Penalty of Twenty five Pounds upon any Person who shall take upon him to act as a Broker, or employ any Person under him to act as such, not being admitted in pursuance of the said recited Act, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed; and that from and after the passing of this Act, if any Person shall take upon him to act as a Broker, or employ, or cause, permit or suffer any Person or Persons to be employed with, under or for him to act as such within the said City and Liberties, not being admitted in pursuance of the said recited Act, every such Person so offending shall forfeit and pay to the Use of the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the said City, for every such Offence, the Sum of One hundred Pounds, to be recovered by Action of Debt, in the Name of the Chamberlain of the said City, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record, in which no Protection, Essoign or Wager of Law shall be allowed, or any more than One Imparlance.

III. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

Cap. lxi.

An Act to enable Peltro William Tomkins, of New Bond Street, in the City of Westminster, Engraver to the Queen's Most Excellent Majesty, to dispose of his Collection of Paintings, Drawings and Engravings, together with several Copies of certain Books therein mentioned, and the Lease of the Premises called The Brittish Gallery of Pictures, by way of Lottery.

[27th June 1817.]

'*. Cap. lxii.

An Act to amend Two Acts for maintaining and improving the Commercial Bocks in the Parish of Saint Mary Rotherhithe, in the County of Surrey.

[7th July 1817.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for maintaining and improving the Docks and Warehouses called The Commercial Docks, and for.making and maintaining other Docks and Warehouses to communicate therewith, all in the Parish of Saint Mary ' Rotherhithe in the County of Surrey s And Whereas by the said Act the several Persons therein named, with other Persons therein described, were created a Joint Stock Company, by the Name of The Commercial Dock Company, ' for the Purpose of maintaining and improving a certain Dock formerlycalled Greenland Docky and other Docks and Premises adjoining thereto, and making other Docks, Timber Ponds, Sluices, Outlets, and other Works, necessary for the Accommodation of Vessels laden with*Timber and other Articles in the said Act mentioned: And Whereas by tke said Act the said-Company were authorized to raise and contribute among themselves for the Purposes set forth in the said Act, in addition to the Shares then already created or Sums then already subscribed for, a further Sum not exceeding ' the Sum of One hundred and thirty thousand Pounds; which additional .Sun* of One hundred and thirty thousand Pounds, together with the Sum of One hundred and thirty thousand Pounds then already subscribed for, c it was thereby enacted Should form One Joint Capital Stock of the said Company: And Whereas the whole 1 of the original Subscriptions of One hundred and thirty thousand Pounds, and also the whole of the further Sum of One hundred and thirty thousand Pounds authorized to be raised by the said Act, have been raised and expended towards the Purposes of the said Act, in the Purchase of the said Docks and other Premises, and f in making other Docks and Timber Ponds for the Reception and Discharge of Timber Ships, and the*Admission and Storing of Timber, Deal, and other Wood Goods, and in making Warehouses and other Works, and rendering the Premises fit and proper for the warehousing and bonding of Timber and other f Wood Goods, and affording Security to Hta Majesty's Revenue: And Whereas another Act was passed in the Fifty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled an Act to amend and render more effectual an Act of His present Majesty, for maintaining and improving the Docks and Warehouses called The 1 Commercial Docks, in the Parish of Saint Mary Rotherhithe in the County of Surrey, and for extending

I3 4 the

A.D. 1817.

57° GEORGII IH.

C.lrii. 36 K

the Powers of the said Act: And Whereat by the said last recited Act the said Company were authorized

to raise and contribute among themselves, for the Purpose of improving, completing, and maintaining the

Dock* Feeders, Aquedu&s, Entrances, Way* Roads, Bridges, Offices, Sluices, Wharfs, Warehouses,

and Works then already made or to be made in pursuance or by Authority of the said Acts, the further Sum of One hundred and thirty thousand Pounds, by the Creation of Two thousand six hundred additional

Shares of Fifty Pounds each; and which additional Sum of One hundred and thirty thousand Pounds allowed to be raised under the said last recited Act, upon Two thousand six hundred Shares, and the Shares then already subscribed for, making in the whole Three hundred and ninety thousand Pounds, it was

thereby enacted, should make One Joint Capital Stock of the said Company: And Whereas the said Company have raised the Sum of Forty thousand Pounds, Part of the said Sum of One hundred and thirty

thousand Pounds authorized to be raised as aforesaid, by the Creation of Eight hundred new Shares of

Fifty Pounds each, and have expended the Monies so raised for the Purposes of the said Acts, and in rendering their Docks, Ponds, Works, and Premises more commodious and useful for the Trade of the Port of London, and affording Security to His Majesty's Revenue in the warehousing and bonding of Timber, Deals,

and other Wood Goods 5 and the Company have also proceeded to raise a further Sum of Money by the Creation of Two hundred and seventy-five new Shares of Fifty Pounds each, on which they have made Calls amounting to Fifty Pounds per Cent. thereon, and are proceeding to get in the whole of the said last mentioned Calls under the Provisions of the said last recited Act: And Whereas it is expedient, in order to

enable the said Company to raise the Remainder of the Money so authorized to be raised as aforesaid, and more effectually to carry the Purposes of the said Acts into Execution, that the Powers and Provision9 of the said recited Acts should be amended and enlarged May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted 5 and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That (in case the Majority of the Proprietors of the said Docks entitled to vote, and respectively present at any Company em-

Two Meetings to be specially called for the Purpose, by Notice to be inserted in the London Gazette, and also in powered to bor-

Three of the Daily Newspapers printed or published in London, Fourteen Days at the least previous to the r°w at , merest

First of Such Meetings, and the Second of such Meetings to be held Ten Days at least after the First of such 76»l5oL

Meetings, shall deem at expedient and determine to borrow at Interest, or raise by granting Annuities, the Sura

of Seventy six thousand two hundred and fifty Pounds, being so much of the said Sum of One hundred and thirty thousand Pounds authorized to be raised by the said recited Act of the Fifty first Year of the Reign of

His present Majesty as the said Company have not already raised or proceeded to raise by the Creation of additional Shares in the manner thereby prescribed, or in case they shall deem it expedient and determine to raise

Part only of the said Sum of Seventy six thousand two hundred and fifty Pounds by way of Augmentation of

their Capital Stock, and to borrow at Interest or raise as aforesaid the Remainder thereof, ) it ftiallbe lawful for the said Company to borrow and raise the said Sum of Seventy six thousand two hundred and fifty Pounds, oi;

any Sum or Sums of Money, Part or Parts of the said Sum of Seventy six thousand two hundred and fifty

Pounds, and which may not be hereafter subscribed for in the manner prescribed by the said recited Act of the

Fifty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, either by way of Mortgage of the Lands, Tenements, ami secure by

Docks, Hereditaments and Premises, and Real Estates of the said Company or any Part thereof, together with Mortgage.

or Separately from the Rates and Charges which the said Company are by the Said recited Acts or otherwise

authorized or allowed to demand and take, pr by Mortgage of such Rates and Charges Separately from the said

Estates, or by granting Annuities charged upon and to be payable out of the said Lands, Tenements, Docks.

Hereditaments and Premises, and Real Estates, or any Part thereof, together with or Separately from the said Rates and Charges, or to be charged upon and payable out of the said Rates and Charges only during the

natural Life of the Purchaser or rurchafers of such Annuity or Annuities respectively, or during the Life or

Lives of any Person or Persons to he nominated by and on the behalf of such rurchafer or Purchasers, which

Annuity or Annuities shall be granted and made payable either with or without Benefit of Survivorship, and in

Such manner as the Said Company shall think proper, subject to the Provisions of this Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That eveij such Mortgage so to be given as a Security for any Sum or Sums of Money so to be borrowed as aforesaid shall be in the following Form, or in any other Form of Words to the same Effect; videlicet,

4 TJY virtue of an Act passed in the Fifty seventh Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled^ Form of MortA a [here insert the Title of this Act-\, we, the*Commercial Dock Company, ' in confidential of the gage*

Sum of to us paid by do mortgage

unto the said his, her or their Executors, Administrators and Amgns,

4 ^or Successors and Aligns, as the case may be,] all and Singular the Lands, Tenement* Docks, Hereditaments and Premises of and belonging to the said Company, Situate and being in the Parish of Saint Mary '4 Rotherhithe in the County of Surrey, and also all and singular the Rates and Charges arising by virtue of Two Acts, one passed in the Fiftieth 'tear of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act for maintaining and improving the Docks and Warehouses called The Commercial Docks, and for making and maintaining '4 other Docks and Warehouses to communicate therewith, all in the Parish of Saint Mary Rotherhithe in tot County of Surrey; and the other passed in the Fifty first Year of the Reign of King George the Third,

'*intituled An Act to amend and render more cjjedval an Act of His present Majesty, for maintaining and improving the Docks and Warehouses called The Commercial Docks, in the Parish of Saint Mary Rotherhithe in the County of Surrey, and for extending the Powers of the Jmd Ad, [in case the Mortgage is not intended to 1 comprise both the Real ERfite and Rates and Charges, or only a Part of the Real Eft ate, describe what is in-57 Cjso. III. 3 A«tended

Proviso may be inserted in Mortgages to receive the Money or a Share in the Joint Stock.

Form of Grant of Annuity.

How to be

executed.

Moit^a.es and Aonuit'e* to have Preference according to rheir Priorities. Regulations as to granting Annuities.

C.lxii. 57° GEORGII III. A.D. 1817.

tended to be charged] and all the Estate, Right, Title and Interest of the said Company in and to the fame, ter

hold unto the said his, her or their Executors, Administrators and

Assigns, [or Successors or Assigns,] until the said Sum of together*

1 with Interest for the fame after the Rate of per Centum per Annum, shall be

repaid. Dated the Day of

And every such Mortgage, being executed by Three of the Directors of the said Company for the time being, shall be binding on the said Company, and be valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and all and every Person and Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Aggregate or Sole, to whom any Mortgage or Mortgages shall be made, shall be entitled to the full Benefit of such Mortgage or Mortgages respectively, with Preference according to the Order and Course of Priority of their respective Securities.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful to insert in any Mortgages to be made as aforesaid, if the Majority of the said Company, or the Proprietors present and entitled to vote at any Two such Meetings as aforesaid, shall think fit, an Agreement by which a Right shall be given to the respective Persons or Bodies Politic or Corporate, who shall advance and lend the said Money, or any Part thereof to the Persons who for the time being shall be entitled thereto, to have an Option of having their several and repec-tive Loans repaid in Money, or of being admitted to have such a Share of the Capital Stock of the said Company in lieu thereof, at such time or times, and upon and under such Terms, Provisions and Conditions in all Relperts, (and with or without such Powers to the Directors for the time being, or any Three or more of them, with the Consent of the Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, who shall so advance or lend Money on such Securities as aforesaid, or of their Executors, Administrators, Successors or Assigns, to vary or alter such Terms, Provisions and Conditions, ) as shall be determined upon by the Majority of such Proprietors present*at such Two Meetings as aforesaid; and the Insertion of any such Agreement in any such Mortgages or Securities as aforesaid, signed by any Three or more of the Directors of the said Company for the time being, shall be conclusive Evidence for the Benefit and Security of the Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, who shall advance Money upon such Securities, and his, her and their Executors, Administrators, Successors or Assigns, that such Agreement was inserted with such Consent as is above required, and shall be binding and conclusive on the said Company.

IV. And be it further enacted, That any Grant of any such Annuity as aforesaid shall be made in the Words following, or in Words to the like Effect; (that is to say),

BY v*rtue an Act passed in the Fifty seventh Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act [here insert the Title of this Act] We, The Commercial Dock Company, io consideration of the Sum of to us paid by do grant unto the said his, her or their Executors, Administrators and Assigns, [or Successors

and Assigns, as the case may be,] an Annuity of to be charged upon, and

to be paid to the said his, her or their Executors, Administrators or Assigns, [or

Successors or Assigns] [in case it is not intended to comprise all the Landi, &c. then describe only the Parcels intended to be comprised, and if the Rates and Charges are not intended to be comprised, then omit the f Description] out of the Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments and Premises, and Real Estates of and belonging to the said Company, and on and out of the Rates and Charges arising by virtue of Two Arts, One

passed in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act for maintaining and improving the Docks and Warehouses called The Commercial Docks, and for making and maintaining other

Docks and Warehouses to communicate therewith, all in the Parish of Saint Mary Rotherhithe in the County of Surrey; and the other passed in the Fifty first Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act of His present Majesty, for maintaining and improving the

Docks and Warehouses called The Commercial Docks, in the Parish of Saint Mary Rotherhithe in the County of Si\i*rey, and for extending the Powers of the said Act, an Annuity of

to be payable to the said his, her or their Executors, Administrators or Assigns,

[or Successors or Assigns, as the case may be,] during the Life of or the Lives of

[//* more than One] and the Life of the Survivor of them [a/ the case may be],

and a proportionable Part of the said Annuity to be paid up to the Day of the Decease of < or to the Day of the Decease of the Survivor of [as the case

may be]. Dated the Day of One thousand eight hundred and

And every such Grant of Annuity, being executed by Three of the Directors of the said Company for the time being, the Chairman or Deputy Chairman of the Court of Directors of the said Company for the timp being, being One of such Three Directors, shall be binding on the said Company, and be valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes whatsoeyfer 5 and the Purchasers of such Annuities respectively shall be entitled thereto, and to the full Benefit thereof respectively, with Preference according to the Order and Course of, Priority of their respective Securities for such Annuities respectively: And in case the Money authorized to be raised as aforesaid shall be raised partly by Mortgage and partly by Annuity, in such case the Mortgagees and Annuitants respectively shall be entitled to the full Benefit of their respective Securities and Assurances, with Preference according to the Order and Course of Priority of the Mortgages and Annuities respectively.

V. And for preventing any improvident Grants of Annuities under this Art, be it further enacted, That no Annuities shall be granted by virtue of this Art for any single Life, at any higher Rate than the following j (that is to say, ) when the Age of the Annuitant, or Person for whose Life the Annuity shall be

14 granted.

A.D. 1817. 57° GEORGII III. .C.lxii.

fronted, shall not exceed Thirty five Years, the Annuity to be granted shall not exceed the Rate of Eight 'ounds Three Shillings for each One hundred Pounds of the Consideration Money paid for the Purchase thereof; when the Age of such Person shall not exceed Forty Years, the Annuity.to be granted shall not exceed the Rate of Eight Pounds Ten Shillings for each One hundred Pounds of the Consideration Money j when the Age of such Person shall not exceed Forty five Years, the Annuity shall not exceed the Rate of Nine Pounds for each One hundred Pounds of the Consideration Money; when the Age of such Person shall not exceed Fifty Years, the Annuity shall not exceed the Rate of Nine Pounds Twelve Shillings for each One hundred Pounds of the Consideration Money; >vhen the Age of such Person shall not exceed Fifty five Years, the Annuity shall not exceed the Rate of Ten Pounds Eight Shillings for each One hundred Pounds of the Consideration Money; when the Age of such Person shall not exceed Sixty Years, the Annuity shall not exceed the Rate of Eleven Pounds Eight Shillings for each One hundred Pounds of the Consideration Money; when the Age of such Person shall not exceed Sixty five Years, the Annuity shall not exceed the Rate of Twelve Pounds Seventeen Shillings for each One hundred Pounds of the Consideration Money; when the Age of such Person shall not exceed Seventy Years, the Annuity shall not exceed the Rate of Fifteen Pounds One Shilling for each One hundred Pounds of the Consideration Money 5 and when the Age of such Person shall not exceed Seventy five Years, the Annuity shall not exceed the Rate of Eighteen Pounds Ten Shillings for each One hundred Pounds of the Consideration Money.

VI. And be it further enacted, That a Transcript or Copy of every such Mortgage or Grant of Annuity, or an Entiy or Memorial thereof, containing the Dates, Names of the Parties, and Sums of Money paid, shall be made in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk of the said Company; which Book or Books may be perused at all seasonable times by any of the Proprietors of the said Undertaking or other Persons interested, without Fee or Reward.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Politic, Corporate or .Collegiate, to whom any such Mortgage or Grant of Annuity shall be made as aforesaid, may from time to time personally, or by Attorney thereunto lawfully authorized, assign and transfer such Mortgage or Grant of Annuity to any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, and so totiei quot'us; and that the Asignment and Transfer shall and may be made by Indorsement on such Mortgage or Grant, and in the Words or to the Effect following; (that is to say, ) /

4 J in Consideration of the Sum of paid by

«*do hereby assign and transfer the within Security, and all my Right, Title and Interest in and to the < fame, and all Benefit and Advantage to arise therefrom, unto the said his, [her or theirj

Successort, Executors, Administrators and Assigns. Witness my Hand and Seal, this Day of .'

VIII. And be it further enacted, That every Transfer shall, within Thirty Days after the Date thereof, be produced and left with the Clerk of the said Company, who shall within Ten Days then next cause an Entry or Memorial to be made thereof in like manner as of the original Securities; and after such Entry made, but not till then, every Person or Persons to whom such Asignment or Transfer shall be made, shall be entitled to the Benefit of such Mortgage or Grant, and the future Payments thereon, and to all Benefit and Advantage arising therefrom; and for the Entry of every original Mortgage or Grant, and of every fuett Assignment and Transfer, the said Clerk shall be paid by the Party to whom such Mortgage or Grant or Transfer shall be made, the Sum of Five Shillings and no more.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Interest of the Money which shall be borrowed on Mortgage as aforesaid, and the several Annuities so to be granted as aforesaid, shall be paid Half Yearly to the several Parties entitled thereto, in Preference to any Dividend or Distribution among the Members of the said Company, and shall be duly provided for and set apart before such Dividend or Distribution shall be made or declared.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Sum or Sums of Money so lent and advanced on Mortgage shall be paid off and discharged (faveand except with the Consent of the Person or Persons entitled to receive such Sum or Sums of Money) unless Six Calendar Months* previous Notice in the London Gazette shall have been given by the said Company of their Intention to pay off and discharge the fame 5 and that at the Expiration of the said Six Calendar Months, all Interest shall cease to be paid on the Principal Sums relative to which such Notice shall have been given, unless the said Principal Sums shall not have been paid off by Default of the said Company.

XI. And be it further enacted, That in case all or any of the Sums of Money which shall or may be advanced on Loan to the said Company on such Mortgages as aforesaid, shall at any time afterwards be paid off and discharged by the said Company, that then and m every such case it shall be lawful for the said Company, with such Consent of Two Courts of Proprietors, to be specially called for such Purpose as hereinbefore mentioned, again to borrow or raise on Mortgage, as is hereinbefore mentioned, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the whole, with the Amount of the Monies then outstanding and unpaid on such Mortgages as aforesaid, and the Money which may have been raised by Grants of Annuities, the said Sum of Seventy six thousand two hundred and fifty Pounds, and so toties quot'us.

XU- And Whereas the said recited Act of the Fifty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty contains 4 a Provision for regulating the time when the Persons who shall subscribe for the said new Shares or any of them*shall be entitled to a rateable Share or Proportion of the Profits of the said Company, and also for regulating the Payment of Interest in the jneantime; And Whereas Doubts have been entertained as to the Meaning and Construction of such Provisions; Be it therefore enacted, That so much of the said recited Act of the Fifty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty as ena&s, that the several Persons who shall subscribe for the Two thousand six hundred new Shares hereby authorized to be raised or created or any of them, shall not be

3 A 2 entitled

Entries of Mortgages and Grants of Annuiries to be made in the Company's Books.

Mortgages and

Annuities transferrable by Indorsement.

Entries of Transfers to be made in die Company's Books.

Interest and Annuities to be paid Half Yearly.

Notice to be given of paying oft Mortgages.

In case any of the Sum* advanced shall be paid eft, the Company may again borrow the Money,

51 G. 3. c. hvi. §

c.

: $64 & ixii.

5 f GEORGII III.

A.D. 181y.

repealed as to future Shares. Company empowered to fix time when new Shares shall be entitled to Profits.

Company may fell Lands not wanted for the Purposes of the Aa.

When Pieces of Land are to be sold, the first Offer to be made to the original Proprietors.

f Sic. Difference respeaing Price to he settled by a Jury.

Purchaser not answerable for Application of Purchase Money.

emitted to any rateable Share or Proportion of the Profits of the said Company until after the Expiration of One Year, to be computed from the Day on which the said Two thousand six hundred new Shares shall be created, and that in the meantime the federal Persons who shall subscribe for new Shares as aforesaid shall be entitled to receive, and the Company shall pay to him or them respectively, Interest on the several Sums to be paid by them or him in respect of such new Shares, at and after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per An-ttvfb, from the time or times on or at which such Sum or Sums of Money shall be by them or him paid, mall, as to act or any Shares hereafter to be raised or created, be and the fame is hereby repealed.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Company shall be delirous to raise, and shall hereafter raise any Part of the Money which they are authorized to raise as aforesaid, and which now remains un-Tailed, by the Creation of new Shares, that then and in such case it shall be lawful for such Two several General Courts of Proprietors of the said Company as in the said fast recited Act are mentioned, to determine and dhreft the time or times when or from which all or any such new Shares hereafteT to be created as aforesaid shall be entitled to a rateable Share or Proportion of the Profits of the said Company, and to make all such Rules and Regulations respecting the fame, and for Payment of Interest in the meantime, as to them shall Teem expedient; and it shall also be lawful for such Two several General Courts of Proprietors of the said Company to rrtake, or to authorize the Directors of the said Company for the time being to make, such Allowance or Allowances, Deduction or Deductions to the Person or Persons who shall subscribe for all or any of the new Shares as aforesaid, for or in respect of Payment of the Monies to be paid For such new Shares as aforesaid before the time or times when the instalments or Calls would become due and payable, to such Extent, or within such Limits, and with and under such Rules and Regulations, or without any such, as to the said Courts of Proprietors shall seem expedient.

XIV. And Whereas by the said recited Act of the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the said Company are authorized to fell any Lands, Buildings and Hereditaments which they might purchase under

the Provision8 of the said Act, and which might not be necessary to be made use of For the Purposes of the said Act; but Doubts may be entertained whether the said Company are by the said Act empowered to fell any of the Lands, Buildings or Hereditaments belonging to or purchased by or for the Use of the said Company previously to the passing of the said Act, or purchased under the Provisions of the said Act of the Fifty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and which may not be necessary for the Purposes aforesaid Be it therefore further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Company to sell and dispose of any Part or Parts -not wahted for the Purposes of the said recited Acts or of this Act, not only of such Lands, Buildings or Hereditaments as have been purchased in pursuance of the said recited Act of the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, but also of any Lands which at the time of the passing of the said Act belonged to or had been purchased by or for the Use of the said Company, or which have been purchased in pursuance of the Provisions of the said Act of the Fifty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty; and all and every the Powers, Clauses and Provisions contained in the said Act of the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enabling the said Company to fell Lands, Buildings and Hereditaments not wanted for the Purposes of the said Act, and relative to such Sale, shall, so far as the case will apply, extend to such Lands, Buildings and Hereditaments as belonged to or had been purchased by or for the Use of the said Company previous to or at the Time of the passing of the said Act of the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His Drefent majesty, and which have been purchased in purfance of the Provisions of the said Act of the Fifty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty's Provided always, that the said Company before they shall sell and dispose of any of the Lands, Buildings or Hereditaments whish have been purchased in pursuance of the said recited Acts or either of them, and not wanted for the Purposes of the said recited Acts or of this Act as aforesaid, shall first offer the fame for Sale to the Person or Persons of whom the same shall have been purchased; and if such Person or Persons shall then and thereupon refuse, or shall not agree (except with respect to or on account of the Prfce thereof) to purchase the fame, an Affidavit to be made and sworn before a Matter or Matter Extraordinary in the High Court erf Chancery, or before One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Surrey (who are hereby respectively empowered to take such Affidavit), by some Person or Persons no way interested in the said Lands, Buildings or Hereditaments, Rating that such Offer was made by or on the behalf of the said Company, and that such Offer was then and thereupon refilled, or was not agreed to by the Person or Pefons to whom the fame was made, shall in all Courts whatsoever be sufficient Evidence and Proof that such Offer was made, and was refused, or not agreed toby the Person or Persons to whom such Offer was made (as the case may be); and in such f case such Person or Persons shall be desirous of purchasing such Lands, Buildings and Hereditaments, and he, she or they, and the said Company shall differ or not agree with respect to the Price thereof, then the Price or Prices thereof shall be ascertainea by a Jury, in manner in the said recited Act of the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty directed with respect to disputed Value of Premises to be taken and purchased in pursuance of the said Act; and the Money to arise by Sale or Sales of such Lands, Buildings and Hereditaments shall be applied by the said Company to the Purposes of the said recited Acts and of this Act; but the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof shall not be answerable or accountable for any Misapplication or Non application of such Money; provided nevertheless, that as to such of the Lands, Buildings, and Hereditaments which belonged to ot were the Property of the said Company before or at the time of the passing of the said Act of the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or such as have not been purchased by the said Company under the Provisions of the said recited Acts or either of them, it shall not be necessary or requisite for the said Company to offer the fame Lands, Buildings or Hereditaments to Sale to the Person or Persons respectively of or from whom they have or shall or may have purchased the fame respectively.

13 XV. And

C.

A.D. 1817. 57° GEORGII III. C.lri. 36j

XV. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Ordinary or Extraordinary General Court or Meeting How Deed (h41 of the said Company, or of the Proprietors thereof, shall have resolved to fell any Lands, Buildings or be executed. Hereditaments belonging to the said Company, it shall be lawful for any Three of the Directors of the said Company for the time being (the Chairman or Deputy Chairman of the Court of Directors for the time being

being One of such Three Directors )to execute such Deeds and A flu ranees as shall be requisite to effect such Sales; and the Execution by such Three Directors as aforesaid of such Deeds and AiTurances shall he full Such Execution and concluGfe Evidence to and for the Purchaser or Purchasers, that the Hereditaments sold to him or them condusive Evi-are not wanted for the Purposes of the said recited Acts or either of them, and of the Consent of the said Company, or of such Ordinary or Extraordinaxy Court or Meeting of the said Company, or of the Proprietors, n*J*J"* to such Sale or Sales; and such Deeds and Assurances so executed as aforesaid shall be valid and effectual to wamea* nil Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as fully as if the said Directors were absolute Owners of the Hereditaments intended to be conveyed.

XVI. And for better regulating the Entry of any Memorial of any Transfer or Sale of a Share or Shares Regulations in the said Stock of the said Company, be it further enacted, That no Memorial of any Transfer or Sale of respefiing Me-auy Share or Shares of and in the Stock of the said Company shall be made and entered, until the Clerk of moriibofTr«ns-the said Company shall have endorsed on the Certificate or Certificates, or Deed of Transfer to the Seller, asen> c*

by the said last recited Act are directed to be produced to the Clerk of the said Company for the time being as therein mentioned, a Memorandum or Declaration, signed by such Clerk, of the Transfer and Sale of any Share or Shares of and in the Stock of the said Company.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the Tonnage or Admeafnrement of all Ships and Vessels required To ascertain the to be registered by any Act or Acts of Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or Tonnage or Ad-of either of such Kingdoms, and trading or coming to or departing from the Port of London, and liable to J*sure|"«nt the Payment of any of the Rates and Charges of or for Tonnage allowed to be taken under the said recited to t^Dockl 0* Acts, or either of them, shall be ascertained according to the certified Tonnage in the Ship's Register; and the Mailer or other Person having the Command of any such Ship or Vessel is hereby required to produce

such Certificate of Registry at the Time of Payment of the said Rates and Charges, to the Person or Persons who shall be authorized to collect and receive the same by the Directors of the said Company or a

Quorum of them; and in case of any Dispute in respect of the Tonnage of any Ship or Vessel not required

to be registered, or of any Foreign Ship or Vessel, then the Tonnage of any such Ship or Vessel shall be ascer-

taioed in the manner and according to the Directions of an Act passed in the Twenty sixth Year of His pre- 260.3. c. 6o.

sent Majesty, intituled An Act for the Encouragement of Shitting and Navigation. S

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That for more ealily collecting the said Rates and Charges, the Collectors, &c.to

Collector and Collectors thereof, and such other Person and Persons as the said Directors shall from time to h*ve Access to time duly appoint in this behalf, shall at proper and seasonable times have at the Custom House free Access^lhe

to and Inspection of the respective Registers and Papers of all and every Ship and Ships resorting to the Port Culton House of London, on or after their Entry or Clearance at the Custom House, without any Fee or Reward for such

Access and Inspection.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That if the Collector or Collectors of any of the said Rates and Charges, Power to mea-

or such other Person or Persons as the said Directors shall duly nominate and appoint in that behalf, and the sure, &c. Ships >A$after pr other Person having the Charge or Command of any such Foreign Ship or Vessel, cannot agree and Vessels .about and ascertain the Tonnage of such Ship or Vessel, then and in every such case it shall be lawful for the where Tonnage^ laid Collector or Collectors, or Person or Persons appointed as aforesaid, from time to time, and at all conve- c agrfC

nient and reasonable times, to flop, detain, enter into, weigh, measure and gauge the fame; and in case the P^'

fame shall upon such weighing, measuring or gauging, appear to be of greater Tonnage than shall be then.set forth and contained in the Account which shall have been given thereof, then the Mailer or Person giving in such Account shall pay the Costs and Charges of such weighing, measuring or gauging j all which said Costs and Charges, upon Refusal of Payment thereof on Demand, shall and tfiay be recovered and levied by such Ways and Means, and in such manner, as the said Rates and Charges are hereby appointed to be recovered and levied; but if any such Ship or Vessel shall be found to be of the lame or of less Tonnage than the same shall by such Account appear to be of, then the said Collector or Collectors, or such other Person or Persons respectively, shall pay the Costs and Charges of such weighing, measuring or Costs of mes/ur-gauging, and shall also pay such further Damages as shall appear to any One or more Justice or Justices ing, &c. of the Peace a ding in and for the County of Surrey f on Oath of any credible Witness, to have arisen from such Detention; and in Default of immediate Payment thereof by the Collector or Collectors, it shall be lawful for any such Justice or Justices to issue his or their. Warrant or Warrants, authorizing any Person or Persons to levy the Amount of such Cods, Charges and Damages, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Collector or Collectors, or of the said Company; and if any Surplus Money shall remain after Payment of such Cods, Charges and Damages, and the reasonable Costs and Charges of such Didress and Sale, (to be ascertained, in case of Dispute, by any such Justice or Justices, ) such Surplus Money shall be returned on Demand to the Party or Parties on whom such Didress shall be so made; and if any Mader, obstructing such Commander or other Officer of any Ship or Vessel, or any other Person or Persons whomsoever, shall obdrud Meifurement, or hinder any Person or Persons Tq employed from weighing, measuring or gauging any Ship or Vessel in &c* pursuance of this Act, every such Mader, Commander or other Person shall for every such Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, over and above the said Rates and Charges. Penalty.

XX. And be it further enacted, That for further preventing the Hazard and Danger of Fire within the Further Provi-said Docks, and on board Ships and.other Vessels therein, no Person whosoever shall from and after the fion to prevent passing of this Act, at any time after the Hour of Four in the Evening, or before the Hour of Seven in the Accidents by

Morning, Fire*

366 lxii.

57° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1817.

How Debts to be proved in case of Bankruptcy of Debtors to the Company.

50 G. 3. c.ccvii. §19.

repealed.

Three of the Directors to be a Quorum.

Powers of former Acts extended to this Act.

Regulating the Payment of Cods of ascertaining Damages,c.

Jury as by 30 G. 3. c.'trcvii,

>43-

Expence of Act hoyr to be paid.

Morning, between the Twenty ninth Day of September and the Twenty sixth Day of March in every Year, or after the Hour of Seven in the Evening, or before the Hour of Five in the Morning, between the Twenty fifth Day of March and the Thirtieth Day of September in every Year, smoke any Tobacco, or other Material used for smoaking, either within the said Docks, or on board any Ship or vessel in or within the said Docks, upon Pain of forfeiting for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, to be recovered and applied as any Penalty not exceeding that Amount may bt recovered and applied under the said recited Acts or either of them.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That in all cases under any Commission or Commissions of Bankrupt awarded or to be awarded against any Person or Persons who is or are or shall be indebted to the said Company, or against whom the said Company shall or may have any Claims or Demands, it shall and may be lawfuLto and for any Person or Persons in the Employ 01 the said Company, who shall from time to time be in that behalf nominated and appointed by Writing under the Hand of the Treasurer of the said Company for the time being to appear, and he and they is and are hereby authorized and empowered to appear and ad on behalf of the said Company in respect of any such Debt, Claim or Demaud, before the Commissioners under any Commission of Bankrupt, either personally, or by his or their Affidavit to be duly sworn and exhibited in the usual manner, in order to prove and establish any such Debt, Claim or Demand under such Commission; and every such Person or Persons so to be nominated and appointed shall in all such cases be admitted and allowed to make Proof or tender a Claim under any such Commission of Bankruptcy, on behalf and for the Benefit of the said Company, in respect of the Debt or Debts, or other Demands of the said Company against such Bankrupt or Bankrupts, in like manner as any other Person or Persons, being a Creditor or Creditors of such Bankrupt or Bankrupts in his or their own Right, might or could do in respect of his or their Debt or Debts; and any Person or Persons to be nominated or appointed in manner aforesaid, shall have full Power and Authority to appear on behalf of the said Company at any Meeting of the Creditors of any such Bankrupt or Bankrupts, and to vote thereat in respect of any Debt or Debts which shall be admitted and allowed to be proved on behalf of the said Company under any such Commission of Bankrupt as aforesaid, in like manner as any other Creditor or Creditors of such Bankrupt or Bankrupts could or might do in respect of the Debt or Debts by him or them proved under such Commission or Commissions of Bankrupt.

XXII. And Whereas by the said Act of the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty it was enacted, that not left than Five of the Directors of the said Company should be a Quorum capable of acting, and thereby empowered to ad at the ordinary Meetings of the said Directors: And Whereas it

would facilitate the Dispatch of Business if a less Number of Directors were required to constitute a

Quorum; 9 Be it therefore further enacted, That so much of the said Act of the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as constitutes not less than Five of the said Directors a Quorum capable of acting at the ordinary Meetings of the said Directors, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, Three of the said Directors shall be a Quorum capable of acting, and are hereby empowered to ad at the ordinary Meetings of the said Directors.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That all Powers, Provisions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, matters and things contained in the said recited Act of the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, (so far as the same are not by the said recited Act of the Fifty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty or by this Act altered, varied or repealed, ) and all the Powers, Provisions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, matters and, things contained in the said recited Act of the Fifty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, (so far as the same are not hereby altered, varied or repealed, ) shall extend to this Act, and the several matters and things herein contained, and shall and maybe exercised, applied, used and put in force as effect-ually for the Purposes of this Act as if the fame were herein repeated and reenacted.

XXV. And Whereas it is expedient that Provision should be made for the Payment of reasonable Cods,

Charges and Expences in cases in which Claims may be made for any Damage which may arise or happen to the Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments of any Person from the making the new Docks, Basins, Ponds, Sluices, Entrances and other Works authorized by the said recited Acts to be made; Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, in case the said Company, and any Person or Persons to whose Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments any Damage shall arise or happen, cannot agree upon the Compensation or Satisfaction to be made for such Damage, and a Jury shall be summoned as directed in the said recited Act of the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty to ascertain the Amount of such Damage, then and in such case, if the Sum awarded by the Jury shall exceed the Sum which shall previously have been offered or tendered by or on behalf of the said Company, such Person or Persons shall be entitled to and have his, her or their reasonable Costs and Charges to be paid by the said Company 5 and if the Sum awarded by the Jury shall not exceed the Sum which shall have been previously offered or tendered by or on behalf of the said Company, then the said Company shall be entitled to and have reasonable Costs and Charges to be paid by the Person or Persons to whom the Compensation shall be awarded, in the like manner as in cases of Satisfaction awarded by a Jury for the Purchase of Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments under the Provisions of the said recited Acts; any thing therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Directors shall pay and discharge all the Costs and Charges of obtaining and passing this Act with and out of any of the Monies already foblcribed or hereafter to be subscribed or borrowed by or for the Use of the said Company, or with anfl out of the other Monies received pr to be received by them or on account of the said Company.

A.D. 1817. 57° GEORGII III. lxii — lxxiii. 367

[Public Act.]

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

Cap. lxiii.

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Arun to Chichester Harbour, and from thence to Langstone and Portsmouth Harbours, with a Cut or Branch from Hunfton Common, to or near the City of Chichester; and for improving the Navigation of the Harbour of Langstone, and Channels of Langstone and Thorney.

[7th July 1817.]

Cap. lxiv.

An Act to amend and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for improving the Navigation 7 G. 3.0.97. of the River Hull and Frodingham Beck, and extending the same to the Town of Great Driffield, in the 4*G.3. c.cxxxiv. County of York.

[7th July 1817.]

Cap. lxv.

An Act for enlarging the Market Place and regulating the Market in the Town of Taunton, in the County 9G. 3. c. 44. of Somerset, and for improving the said Town; and for amending an Act of His present Majesty relative thereto.

[7th July 1817.]

Cap. lxvi.

An Act to amend and continue an Act of the Thirty sixth Year of His present Majesty, for improving certain 36 G. 3 c. 131. Roads in and through the Forest of Dean, in the County of Gloucester, and several other Roads therein mentioned, (c) [7th July 1817.]

[One half additional Toll on Sundays, computing from Twelve o9 Clock on Saturday Night to Twelve o9 Clock on Sunday Night. — $5 G. 3. c. 119. extended to this Act. §9.]

Cap. lxvii.

An Act for continuing f and amending Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads 18 G. 3. c. 97. leading from the Town of Taunton, in the County of Somerset. (a) [7th July 1817.] 39 G. 3.

[Additional Tolls. — 18 G. 3. c. 97. as to Surveyors getting Materials repealed. §23.] c. xxxviii.

\ [Wo Term mentioned, vide §1.41. of this Act. — 18 G.3. r.97. is before in Part repealed by 39 G. 3. c. xxxviii.

and by 39 & 40 G. 3. c. lxi.]

Cap. lxviii.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from 37 G: 3' c<1^ Cambridge, to the Old North Road near Arrington Bridge, in the County of Cambridge, (r). - " Justice* settling

[7th July 1817/] Disputes about

[Additional Trustees. Former Tolls to cease. New Tolls granted.]*Tolls, and he

ing Distresses.

Cap. lxix. §11.

An Act for amending and rendering more effectual an Act of His present Majesty, for draining Lands in 33G. 3. c. 109.

South Holland; and for continuing J and amending another Act of His present Majesty, for maintaining 35 G. 3. c. 66.

iank, and the Road thereon, from Spalding High Bridge to Brother House, all in

and repairing a certain Bank,

the County of Lincoln.

X [No Term mentioned, vide §69. 94. of this Act.]

[10th July

mfe, all in ly 1817.]

Cap. lxx.

An Act for improving the Harbour of Blakeney, within the Port of Blakeney and Clay, in the County of Norfolk.

[10th July 1817.]

Cap. lxxi.

An Act for amending and rendering more effectual an Act of His late Majesty King William the Third, for n & i2 W. 3, making the River Lark, aljas Burn, navigable.

[10th July 1817.] c.aa.

[New Commissioners. — Power to take new Tolls in Lieu of former Tolls.]

Cap. lxxii.

An Act for rebuilding the Church and improving the Church Yard of the Parish of Saint Paul Shadwell, in the County of Middlesex. [loth July 1817.]

Cap. lxxiii.

An Act for raising Money, by Annuities or otherwise, for the Purpose of erecting a Workhouse for the Use aaG.3. c. 35. of the Poor of the Parish of St. John of Wappsng, in the County of Middlesex.

[10th July 1817.]3 3*

Cap.

3^8

35 G. 3. C. 156.

36 G. 3. c. 48. repelled as to getting Materials. §17.

Commissioners of Ntwl Asylum nay nuke use ef Money given fro the Pstn-otic Fond.

[Public Act.]

C. lxxiii — lxxvi. 5 70 GEORGII III. A.D. 1817.

Cap. lxxiv.

An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from the Neath Turnpike Road, at or near Ahernant^ through Merthyr Tidvill, in the County of Glamorgan, to join the Turnpike Road within the Abergavenny District, near Rbyd y Blew House, in the County of Monmouth, (a) [10th July 1817.]

[ Additional Trusteet. One half Toll additional on Sundays, computing from Twelve o9 Clock on Saturday Night to

Twelve o9 Clock on Sunday Night.]

Cap. lxxv.

An Act to continue and amend an Act passed in the Thirty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, for altering the Road from Macclesfield to Congleton, in the County of Chefer. (c) [10th July 1817.]

[Additional Trustees. Former Tolls repealed. New Tolls granted.']

Cap. lxxvi.

An Act to empower the Commissioners of the Royal Naval Asylum to make use of any Part of the Accumulation of the Interest of the Monies which were given by the Committee for managing the Patriotic Fund for the said Commissioners, for the Purposes of the said Asylum.

[1 rth July 1817.]

WHEREAS at a General Meeting of the Committee for managing the Patriotic Fund, held at Lloyd90 Coffee House, in the City of London, it was refolded, that the Sum of Forty thousand Pounds should be paid to the Commissioners of the Royal Naval Asylum, out of the Contributions made on the Day of Thanksgiving, on their undertaking, by a Resolution of their Board, to maintain and educate such Chfldrerr of either Sex as should be recommended by the Committee for managing the said Patriotic Fund, and was within the Rules of the said Royal Asylum: And Whereas in the Month of August One thousand eight hundred and six, Sixty-one thousand Pounds, Coofoh dated Three Pounds per Centum Bank Annuities, were transferred by the Committee of the said Patriotic Fund to Samuel Thornton and John Julius Angerjlein>

acting for the Commissioners of the said Royal Naval Asylum: And Whereas the Interest upon the said Capital Sum has been permitted to accumulate: And Whereas the Commissioners for the Management of the said Rojal Naval Asylum have, by a Retaliation of their Board, undertaken to maintain and educate such Children>f either Sex as may be recommended by the Committee tar managing the said Patriotic Fmmd, and are within the Rules of that Iuftitutkm: And Whereas doubts are entertained whether the said Commissioners can make use of any Part of the Accumulation of the Interest of the said Capital Sum ta transferred to the said Samuel Thornton and John Julius Augcrflein, in Trust as aforesaid, tar the Purposes of the said Charity,

without the Authority of Parliament; 9 fie it therefore enacted, by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of thi6 Ad it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of the said Royal Naval Asylum, for the time being, to make use of the said Accumulation, or such Part thereof as shall be thought necessary for the carrying on the benevolent Purposes of the said Institudon*

II. And be it futthtf enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of u such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

PRIVATE

Pr. $6$

A.D. 1817. 57° GrfiDEGli IH.

PRIVATE ACTS,

PRINTED BY THE RING'S PRINTER,

AND WHEREOF THE PRINTED COPIES MAY BE GIVEN IN EVIDENCE.

N.B. To each of these ABs is annexed a Clause in the Form following:

u And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the several Printers to The Kingss Most Excellent Majesty, duly authorized to print the Statutes of the United Kingdom, and that a Copy thereof, 44 so printed by any of them, shall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Justices and others*" -

Cap. 1.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Drayton, in the County of Somerset.

V

Cap. 2.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Erifwell, in the County of Suffolk.

Cap. 3

An Act for inclosing Lands within the Manor of Emley, in the County of York.

Allotment to Rector in lieu of Small Tithes, §18.

[17th March 1817.] [29th March 1817.] May 1817.]

Cap 4*

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Costoa otbenfrife Cajkn UaoktH in the County of Wooctfier.

[23d May 1817.]

N'-

Cap. g. r 1 — 1

An Act for repealing certain Parts of an Act of His present Majesty, for inclosing Lands in the Manor of AJbatriq, and in the several Parishes of Aspatria, Brumfield and AUbaUows> in- the County of Cumherlandp. and for amending the said Act.*\2$dMay 1817.]

Lands in Blennerhqffet exempted from Tithes, $4.

Cap. 64

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Orleton in the County of Hertford. {23d May 1817O

Cap. 7.

An Act for inclosing Lapds in the Townftup of Burton Salmon in the Parish of Monkfryftone, in the County of Yorkj [jyt May 1817.]

Cap 8t

An for inclosing Lands so the Township of Willey, in the Parish of Prefieign, in the County of Hereford.

[23d May 1817.]

Cap. 9.

An Act for vesting port of the Settled EAntes of Edward Gilbert Esquire, otherwise Edward Scott Esquire, in Traftees* to be sold $ and for applying the Produce in or towards the Discharge of the Incumbrances on the said Estates. [ 16th June 1817.]

Cap. 10.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Meltham, in the Parish of Almondbury, in the West Riding of the County of York. [itfth June 1817.]

57 Geo. III. 3 B Cap.

4XO.3. c. 109.

S % G. 3. c. 128.

41G. 3. c. 109.

370 Pr.C. 11 — r22. 57° GEORGII Hi. A.D. 1817.

Cap II.

An Act for allotting Lands in the Township or Liberty of Littlemore, in the Parishes of Saint Mary the Virgin and Yeftley, otherwise Iffley, in the County of Oxford.

[16th June 1817.]

a Allotment to Provost and Scholars of Oriel College and their Lessee as Impropriators in lieu of Tithes in < Saint Mary the Virgin, 619. Allotment to the Archdeacon of Oxford and his Lessee as Impropriators in et lieu of Tithes in Yeft ley, §20.

' Cap. i«.

An Act for inclosing and exonerating from Tithes, Lands in the Parish of Easton on the Hill, in the County of Northampton. £l6th June 1817.]

Cap. 13.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Trawden, in the Chapelry of Colne, and Parish of Whalley, in the County of Lancaster. [i6thViw 1817.]

Cap. 14.

41 0.3. c. 109, An Act for inclosing Lands within the Manors, Townships or Pivisions of Underharrow and Bradleyfield in the Parish of Kirkby in Kendal, in the County of Westmoreland* [16th June 1817.]

Cap

An Act for vesting certain Estates, devised by the Will of John Seacome, and now held in undivided Shares in Trustees, to be sold; and for investing the Purchase Monies of the Shares of such of the Parties interested as are Infants in the Purchase of other Estates, to be conveyed to them according to their respective Rights and Interests in lieu of such Shares.[20th June 1817.]

Cap. 16.

An Act to enable the Trustees for the time being of the Charity Estates of William Hickey deceased, situate in Richmond, in the County of Surrey, to grant Building and Repairing Leases thereof.

[20the/iMi 1817.]

Cap. 17.

An Act for confirming and establishing the Sales made by Ann Ftjb Widow, and Frederick Klein, of the < - Estatea devised to them for Sale by the Will of John Fish Esquire.

[20th June 1&17. J

Cap. 18.

An Act for inclosing Ramsdown and Liddaton Down Commons, in the Parish of Milton Abbott in the County of Devon.

[20th June l8iy*J

H Allotments not difehafged from Tithes, §38.

Cap. 19.

An Act for dividing and inclosing Heworth Moor in the Manor or Township of Heworih, in the North Riding of the County of York; and for extinguishing the Rights of Stray and Average over certain Lands called JHalf Year Lands, fittiate in the Suburbs or PrecinAs of the City of York.

[20th June 1817.] " Certain Screeds of Land as herein described fold or allotted to His Majesty, §22, 23.

Cap. 20.

41 G. 3. c. 109. An Act for inclosing and exonerating from Tithes Lands in the Parishes of Fornham Saint Martin.2nd Forn-

recited. bam ga\nt Genoveve otherwise Fornham Saint Genovieve, in the County of Suffolk.

[20th June 1817.]

" Annual Rents in lieu of Tithes, §34. When Tithes to cease, §38.

Cap. 21.

An Act for vesting in Trustees in Fee Simple, in Trull for Samuel Robert Gauffen Esquire, discharged from certain Entails created therein, and from other Rights and Interests, a Fee Farm Rent of Seven hundred and fifteen Pounds and Eleven pence Three Farthings, heretofore the Estate of the Right Honourable John Lord Offulfton deceased.

[27th June 1817.]

Cap. 22*

An Act for vesting the settled Estates of William Lifter Fenton Scott Esquire, iq Trustees, in Trull to be sold; and for laying out the Purchase Monies arising from such Sale, in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses* [27th June 1817.]

Cap.

A.D. 1817.

57° GEORGII III.

Pr. C 23 — 33. 371

Cap. 23.

An Act for empowering the Judges of the Court of Session in Scotland to fell such Parts of the Estates of Seaforth and others, situated in the County of Ross, which were entailed by Francis Lord Seaforth deceased, as mall be sufficient for Payment of the Debts and Provisions which affect or may be made to affect the said entailed Estates, and for granting certain Powers relative to Leases and Feus of Parts of the said entailed Estates.

[27th June 1817.]

Cap. 24.

An Act to authorize the Trustees of the dAeased James Schaw to grant Building Leases, and Feus of certain Parts of the Lands and Barony of Preston, to fell the Superiority thereof, and for other Purposes relating thereto.

[27th June 1817.]

Cap. 25.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Hollington, in the several Parishes of Longford and Bratlsford, in the County of Derby.

[27th June 1817.]

u Allotments to Tithe Owners, &c. $ 18. Compensation for Tithes of ancient Inclosures, §19, 20.

" Allotment in lieu of Tithes of ancient Inclosures belonging to Persons not entitled to Allotment of Open M Lands; 4 22. When Tithes to cease, §23. Allotments in lieu of Tithes fenced, &c. for Three Years " at the Public Expence, §27. Tithe Owners not liable to Expences of Act, §43.

Cap. 26.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Fulbrook, in the County of Oxford.

[27th June 1817.] 41G. 3. c. 109.]

c< Allotments in lieu of Re&orial and Vicarial Tithes, §18. Such Allotment to be fenced at the Expence recited*

" of Proprietors of the Lands subject to the Tithe, 22. Time to which Tithe Owners may receive " Tithes, §24.

Cap. 27.

An Act to enable James Rocheid Esquire, and the Heirs of Entail succeeding to him in the Estate of Inver-- hith\ to grant Feus thereof upon certain Terms and Conditions.

[30th Julie 1817.]

Cap. z8.

An Act for exchanging an Estate in the County of Kent, belonging to the Earl of Thanet, for an Estate in the same County, devised by the Will of Thomas Holmes.

[7th July 1817.]

Cap. 2^1

An Act for making a Partition of the Estates of Loftocb, Anderton, Heaton, Horwich, Rum worth and Ad-ling ton, in the County Palantine of Lancaster, of the late Henry Blundell Esquire.

[7th July 1817.]

Cap. 30.

An Act for confirming an Exchange made by Philip Cell Esquire, of certain of the Settled Estates of Philip Cell Esquire, deceased, in the County of York, for other Estates in the County of Derby.

[7th July 1817.]

Cap. 31.

An Act for effectuating an Exchange between Richard Peter Whish Clerk, Rector of the Rectory and Parish Church of Meejfden otherwise Miffenden, in the County of Hertford, and Armytage Gauffen esquire, of the Rectory House and Part of the Uiebe Lands of the said Rectory, for a House and Lanas in the said Parish of Meefden otherwise Miffenden, belonging to the said Armytage Gauffen.

[7th July 1817.]

Cap. 32.

An Act for vesting certain Estates, devised by the Will of Sir James Tylney Long, in the Counties of Dorset and Tor by in Trustees, to be sold; and for laying out the Money thence anting (after Payment of certain specific Incumbrances) in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled, in lieu thereof, to the same Uses.

[7th July 1817.]

Cap. 33.

An Act to enable the Prebendary of the Prebend of The Moor, in the City of London, founded in the Cathedral Church of Saint Paul in London, to grant a Lease of certain Meftuage6, Buildings, Lands and Hereditaments, situate in the Parish of Saint Giles without Cripple gate, in the said City, Parcel of the said Prebend, in manner therein mentioned; and to enable the granting of Sub Leases for repairing and otherwise improving the same. £7th July 1817.]

3 B 2 Cap.

3 n

41 O.J. recited.

4i O.3

recited.

3*0.3.

recited.

Pr. 0.34 — 3$. 57° GEORGII Hi A.B. 1817.

Cap.

C*I09* An Act for mdofing Lands in the Manor of Barlow, in the Townflrips of Great Barlow and Little Barlow, in the Parishes of Stanchy and Dr onfield, in the County of Derby.

[7th July 1817.]

i Allotment in heu of Tithes to the Duke of Dtmmshire and the Rector of Stavtley, §22.; and in Heu of a u yearly Payment of Tithes belonging to the Duke of Portland, fj2.; to the Vicar of Dronfield, §23.; u to William Howard, §24.; to the Duke of Portland, f 11.; to the Curate of Barlow, in Lieu of a yearly Pay-u ment out of Tithes belonging to the Duke of Portland, f 32. Manor of Barlow discharged from Tithes, " §. 34. Proprietors not having an Interest in the Lands indofed equal in Value to the Tithes of his or her " other Estates, to make good me Deficiency* §35. Fencing Tithe Allotments, §36.

Cap. 35.

c. 109. An Act for improving a certain Piece of Land called Common Wood, in the Liberty of the Borough of Holt otherwise Lyons, in the County of Denbigh.

[7th July 1817.*}

Provifp for Royalties, &c. of His Majesty's Lordship of Brookfield and Tale, §39.; and for his Rights as " Lord of the Manor of Bromfield and Tale, f 41.

Cap. 36. "

An Act for vesting a certain Estate, late of Peter Walk den, oi Chorley, in the County of Chester, Yeoman* deceased, situate in Chorley aforesaid, in Trustees, in Trull, to be sold, for paying off Incumbrance thereon; and for purchasing other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses.

[10th July 1817.]

Cap. 37.

An Act to enable the Vicar for the time being of the Parish of Bolton, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to sell and convey in Fee Simple a certain Portion of the Glebe Land belonging to the Vicarage of Bolton.

[10th July i8«7.]

Cap. 38*

An Act for confirming an Agreement relating to the Reversion expectant of certain Estates in the Counties of Warwick and Chester, late of Sir Lifier Hotte Baronet, deceased, and Property belonging to Abraham Bract-bridge Esquire; and for veiling such Estates and Property in Trustees, to convey and allure the feme according to the said Agreement.

[10th July 1817.]

12

[INDEX removed.]

STATUTES at Large, &c.

Anno Regni GEORGII III. Britanniarum Regis, Quinquagesimo Octavo.

AT the Parliament begun and holden at WeMmifJkr, the Twenty fourth Day of November, Ann* 4 /^\ Domini 1812, in she Fifty third Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the

Third, by the Grace* of God, of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, King,

Defender of the Faith; And from thence continued, by several Prorogations, to the Twenty seventh

Day of January 1818; being the Sixth Session of the Fifth Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

CAP. I.

An Act to repeal an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to continue qn Act to empower His Majesty to secure and detain such Persons as His Majesty shall Jufpeft are conspiring against His Person and Government.

[31st January 1818.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in' the4 last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to empower His t Majesty to secure and, detain such .Persons as Sis Majesty % shall fu/feS are conspiring against His,

Person and Government; which Act Was to continue in force until the first Day of July One thousand eight hundred and seventeen: And Whereas another Act was afterwards passed in the fame Seffiori of Parliament, intituled An Act to continue an Act to enifower Hit' Majesty to secure and detain such Persons as His Majesty shall suspeQ are conspiring against His Person and Government f which last mentioned Act was to

continue in force until the First Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eighteen: And Whereas it

is deemed no longer necessary for the Public* Safety that the said last mentioned Act, or the Provisions

therein contained* Should remain in force Therefore be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said last mentioned Act shall from and after the passing of this Act be and the fame is hereby repealed,

CAP. II.

An Act to suspend, until the End of the present Session of Parliament, the Operation of an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, to provide for the more deliberate Investigation of Preferments to be made by Grand Juries for Roads and Public Works in Ireland, and for accounting for Money raised by such Preferments.

[18th February 1818.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the last Session.of Parliament, intituled An Act to provide for the 4 W more deliberate Invejligation of Preferments to be made by Grand Juries for Roads and Public Works in Ireland, and for accounting for Money raised by such Preferments: And Whereas it is expedient that the Operation of the said Act Humid be suspended in manner herein after mentioned Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act, and all every the Provisions, matters and things therein contained, shall Hand and be and continue fuf-peaded and inoperative from the passing of this Act until the End of this present Session of Parliament$ and that from and after the passing of this Act all and every Act and Acts of Parliament repealed, altered, varied, amended or in anywise afiefted by the said recited Act of the last Session, or by the Operation thereof, or of any Clauses or Provisions therein, shall be revived and shall stand, be and continue of the fame Force, Virtue and Effect, in all respects, and to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, until the End of this present Session of Parliament, at if the said recited Act of the last Session had not passed, and not otherwise

58 Geo. III. 3 C nor

57 G.3* S> 57 G»3* c. 55.

57 G. 3- c 55

repealed.

57 G. 3. c. 107 suspended.

378 C. 2 — 5- 58° GEORGII III. A.D. 1818.

nor any further \ any thing in the said recited Act of the last Session contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

Act may be al-

II. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be amended, altered or repealed by any Act or Afte to

ter«i, fee. this jje passe<j in this present Session of Parliament.

C °n* [See Cap. 67. post.]

CAP. III.

An Act for continuing to His Majesty certain Duties on Malt, Sugar, Tobacco and Snuff, in Great Britain; and on Pensions, Offices and Personal Estates, in England; for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and eighteen.

[23d February 1B18.]

[Thit AS it the fame at 57 G. 3. c. 5. except at to the Wordt u and for receiving the Contributions of " Persons receiving Pensions and holding Offices, " which are inserted in the Title of that A3, — at to the Omission in thit A3 of Se8. 38. in 57 G. 3. c. c. — at to Datet, — at to the SeSiont that are here retained, — ana it to the Omission of the Wordt " by the Authority aforesaid, " in Sediont 5. 7. 10, 11, 12, 13, 14. and 15. and which are inserted in the cor ref ponding SeSiont of 57 G. 3. c. 5. and of the fame Wordt in Sediont 48, 49. 51. and 52. of thit A8y which are inserted in Se3ions 49, 50. 52. and 53. of 57 G. 3. c. $.] Monies paid into

XL. And be it further enacted, That there shall be provided and kept in the Office of the Auditor of the unto*tto Act Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster One Book of Register, in which all the Money that shall Audi be entered be paid into the Exchequer at Westminster for the said Rates and Duties hereby granted on Sugar, Malt, fepirate from Tobacco and Snuff, and also the Rates and Assessments hereby granted on Personal Estates, and on Offices other Payments, and Employments of Profit, Pensions, Annuities and Stipends, mail be entered and registered apart and dif-tinct from all other Monies paid and payable to His Majesty.

L. And be it further enacted, That the Surplus of the Monies arising from the Rates, Duties and Assessments granted and imposed by this Act, after paying off and satisfying all the Exchequer Bills issued by virtue of this Act, together with the Interest that may become due thereon, and the Charges of exchanging and circulating the fame, shall, as the Surplus of any such Monies respectively shall be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer at Westminster, be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

Surplus Monies to be carried to Consolidjted Pund.

CAP. IV.

An Act for raising the Sum of Thirty Millions, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and eighteen.

[23d February 1818.]

" TREASURY may raise ao, oooo, ooool. by Exchequer Bills, in manner prescribed by 48 G. 3. c. 1 i* " The Clauses, &c. in recited Act extended to this Act. §2. Treasury to apply the Money raised. $ 3-" Exchequer Bills to be payable out of the Supplies for next Session. §4. Interest $\d.per Cent, per Diem* €t $ 5. Exchequer Bills to be current at the Exchequer after April 5, 1819. — -j 6. Bank of England may advance 20, 000, 0001. on the Credit of this Act, notwithstanding 5 & 6 W. & M. — §7- Act may be altered* " amended or repealed this Session. f 8.

CAP. V.

An Act to indemnify such Persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and for extending the time limited for those Purposes respectively, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nineteen; and to permit such Persons in Great Britain as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, to make and file the fame on or before the First Day of Hilary Term One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, and to allow Persons to make and file such Affidavits, although the Persons whom they served shall have neglected to take out their Annual Certificates.

[17th March 1818.]

[Thit A3 it the fame at $ 7 G. 3. c. 14. except the Wordt " and to allow Persons to make and file such t€ Affidavits, although the Persons whom they served shall have neglected to take out their Annual u Certificates, " which are added in the Title of thit A3; and except also the Dates and the SeSiont which remain.]

Persons who*VII. And Whereas many Persons have omitted to cause Affidavits to be made, and afterwards to be filed

shall esufe Con-«in the proper Office, of the actual Execution of several Contrafts in Writing entered into by them to serve as t^as to be «n-«Clerks to Attornies or Solicitors, Scriveners or public Notaries, in Great Britain, and such Contract, and the <UvUs of1 haring*Indenture thereof, to be enrolled within the time in which the fame ought to have been done; and many served as Clerks Solicitors, Attornies, Notaries, and others, may have omitted to take out annual Certificates, or to enter the to Attornies, V fame in the proper Office, and many Infants and others may thereby incur certain Disabilities; ' For pre-Ac. to be filed venting thereof, and relieving such Persons, be it enacted, That every Person who at the passing of this Act before Hilary shall have neglected or omitted to cause any such Affidavit or Affidavits as aforesaid to be made and filed, or trm l81^ such Contract or Indenture to be enrolled, and who, on or before the First Day of Hilary Term One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, shall cause such Contract or Indenture to be enrolled with the proper Officer in that Behalf; and One or more Affidavit or Affidavits to be made, and afterwards to be filed in such

14* manner

A.D. 1818. 58° GEORGII III. C. 5, 6.

manner as the fame ought to have been made and filed in due time, shall be and is hereby indemnified, freed, and discharged from and against all Penalties, Forfeitures, Incapacities, and Disabilities, in or by an Act or Acts of Parliament mentioned and incurred or to be incurred for or by reason of such Neglect or Omission; and every such Affidavit and Affidavits so to be made, and which shall be duly filed on or before the First Day of Hilary Term One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, shall be as effectual to all Intents and Purposes as if the fame had been made and filed within the respective times the fame ought, by the Laws now in being for that Purpose, to have been made and filed $ and that the respective Officer or Officers who ought to receive, file, enter, or register such Contraor Indenture', or Affidavit or Affidavits, shall not refuse to receive, file, enter, or register the fame, by reason that the Attorney, Solicitor, or Notary Public, to whom such Infant or other Person shall have been articled or have contracted to serve, shall have neglected to take out his annual Certificate, or to register the fame, but such Officer or Officers are hereby directed and empowered to receive, file, enter, or register the fame, notwithstanding such Omission 5 and that every Person who shall have regularly served any Attorney or Attornies, Solicitor or Solicitors, Public Notary or Public Notaries, for the Term of Years required by Law, shall not be prevented or disqualified from being admitted an Attorney, Solicitor or Public Notary, by reason of any Omission of the Person or Persons to whom he served for the said Term, or for any Part thereof, having lo neglected to take out his annual Certificate or to register the the fame; provided that such Person is otherwise entitled to be created and admitted to such Office by the Laws now in force relating thereto.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Action, Suit, Bill of Indictment, or Information, shall from and after the passing of this Act be brought, carried on or prosecuted against any Person or Persons hereby meant or intended to be indemnified, recapacitated or restored, for or on account of any Forfeiture, Penalty, Incapacity or Disability whatsoever, incurred or to be incurred by any such Neglect or Omission, such Person or Persons may plead the General Issue, and upon their Defence give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence upon any Trial to be had thereupon,

CAP. VI.

An Act for indemnifying Persons who, since the Twenty sixth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, have acted in apprehending, imprisoning or detaining in Custody Persons suspected of High Treason or Treasonable Practices, and in the Suppression of tumultuous and unlawful Assemblies.

[17th March 1818.]

WHEREAS a traitorous Conspiracy was formed in Great Britain for the Purpose of overthrowing* by means of a general Insurrection, the established Government, Laws and Constitution of this Kingdom s And Whereas divers Persons have tumultuoufiv, unlawfully and in a disorderly manner*assembled together in Great Britain, under Pretence or for the Purpose of proceeding to London in such Numbers as greatly to disturb and endanger the public Peace and Tranquillity, and to cause Terror and Intinydation in the Minds of His Majesty's loyal and peaceable Subjects: And Whereas in order to secure the internal Peace and Tranquillity of the Country, and to counteract such traitorous Conspiracy, it has been deemed necessary, since the Twenty sixth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, ' from time to time to apprehend, commit, imprison and detain in Custody divers Persons suspected of High Treason or Treasonable Practices, and to seize the Papers of divers of such Persons, and also to disperse the Persons so tumultuously, unlawfully and in a disorderly manner assembled together as aforesaid, and to apprehend, commit and detain in Custody divers of such last mentioned Persons, and to search the Houses of divers Persons for Arms and other offensive Weapons concealed or suspected to be concealed therein: And Whereas in case the Acts and Proceedings of the several Persons concerned or employed in such apprehending, committing, imprisoning and detaining in Custody, and dispersing and seizing and searching as aforesaid, should be called in question, it may be impossible for them to justity or defend the fame without an open Disclosure of the Information given, and the means by which the said traitorous Designs and unlawful Purposes were discovered; and it is necessary for the Safety and Protection of the Persons by whose Information and means the fame have been discovered, and for the future Prevention of similar Practices, that such Information and means should remain secret and undisclosed x And Wh&eas some of the said Acts done may not have been strictly justifiable in Law, but being done for the Preservation of the public Peace and Safety, it is fit that the Persons doing the fame should be saved harmless in respect thereof Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all personal Actions, Suits, Indictments and Prosecutions, heretofore brought, commenced, preferred or exhibited, or now depending or to be hereafter brought, commenced, preferred, or exhibited, and all Judgments thereupon obtained, if any such there be or mall be, and all Proceedings whatsoever against any Person or Persons for or on account of any Act, matter, or thing by him or them done or commanded, ordered, directed or advised to be done, since the Twenty sixth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, for apprehending, committing, imprisoning, detaining in Custody or discharging any Person or Persons who hath or nave been imprisoned or detained in Custody for High Treason, or Suspicion of High Treason or Treasonable Practices, not relating to Coin, or for apprehending, committing, imprisoning or detaining in Custody any Person or Persons who have been imprisoned or detained in Custody for having been so tumultuously, unlawfully, and in a disorderly manner assembled as aforesaid, or for dispersing any Persons so assembled as aforesaid, or for seizing the Papers of any such Person or Persons, or for searching Houses for Arms and other ofilenfive Weapons as aforesaid, shall oe discharged and made void $ and that every Person

3C 2 by

379

indemnified and discharged from Penal tie*;

and Officer to receive and en^ roll, or file, such Contract or Affidavit.

Person having served Clerkship not disqualified by reason of hi* Matter not having taken out Certificate.

[General Issue.]

Persons prosecuted, and hereby meant to be indemnified, may plead the

Reciting that a traitorous Conspiracy waa formed in G. B., to overthrow the Government, aBd that it had been deemed necessary to imprison and detain several Per-foos suspe#ed of High Treason, &c. and to feiie their Papers, &c.; and that it was necessary to protect the Inform, ers against such Persons.

A#ions and Proceedings on account of any thing done in apprehending and imprisoning Persons charged with High Treason, &c. made void, and the Persons against whom such Actions are brought indemnified.

380 C. 6. .58° GEORGII III. A.D. 1818.

Gcacr.il Mite.

[Double Costs.]

In Actions brought in Scot-bml Defenders allowed their Expences.

[Proviso.]

Application may be made to the Court in which the Action shall be brought, or to one of the Judges if the Court be not fitting, to day Proeeedings, &c.;

and on Proof by Oath or Affidavit of such Action commenced, Order may be made.

Double Cefta.

Proviso for Application to set aside Order.

[General Issue.]

In Actions hroucht injre-hnd,

Double Costs;

Tud Order to day Proceeding! on summary Application.

by whom any such Act, rfutter, or thing shall hate bean done, or commanded, ordered, directed or advised to be done, shall be freed, acquitted, discharged and indemnified, as well against The King's Majesty, Hit Heirs and Successors, as against the Person and Persons so^apprehended, committed, imprisoned or detained in Custody, discharged, or dispersed, and all and every other rerson and Persons whomsoever.

II. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit hath been or shall be brought, commenced, or had in any Court of that Part of the United Kingdom called England, against any Person or Persons for or on account of any such Act, matter, or thing as aforesaid, he and they may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence; and if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or forbear further Prosecution, or suffer Discontinuance in any such Action or Suit, or if a Verdict shall pass against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs therein, the Defendant or Defendants shall have and be entitled to Double Costs, for which he or they shall have the like Remedy as in other Cases in which Costs by Law are given to Defendants; and if any such Action or Suit hath been or shall be brought, commenced or had in any Court within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, the Court before whom or in which such Action or Suit shall be brought, commenced or had, or shall be depending, shall allow to the Defender or Defenders therein the Benefit of the Discharge and Indemnity hereinbefore provided, and shall further decern the Pursuer or Pursuers to pay the Defender or Defenders the lull and real Expences which he or they shall be put to by such Action or Suit: Provided always, that in such Cases in which any such Action or Suit shall have been commenced before the Twenty seventh Day of February now last past, and in which the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Pursuer or Pursuers, shall not have continued since the Twenty seventh Day of February, or shall not hereafter continue the Proceedings in any such Action or Suit, such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Pursuer or Pursuers, shall not be liable to any Costs or Expences.

III. And be it further enacted, That if any Action, Suit, Indictment, Information, Prosecution or Proceeding hath been or shall be brought, commenced, preferred, exhibited or had in any Court against any Person or Persons for or on account of any such Act, matter or thing as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the Defendant or Defendants, Defender or Defenders, in any such Action, Suit, Indictment, Information, Prosecution or Proceeding, or for any of them, to apply by Motion, Petition or otherwise, in a summary Way, to the Court in which the fame hath been or shall be brought, commenced, preferred, exhibited or had, or shall be depending, if such Court shall be fitting, and if not fitting, then to any one of the Judges or Justices of such Court, to stay all further Proceedings in such Action, Suit, Indictment, Information, Prosecution or Proceeding; and such Court, and any Judge or Justice thereof when the said Court shall not be fitting, is hereby authorized and required to examine the matter of such Application; and upon Proof by the Oath or Affidavit of the Person or Persons making such Application, or any of them, or other Proof to the Satisfaction of such Court, Judge or Justice, that such Action, Suit, Indictment, Information, Prosecution or Proceeding is brought, commenced, preferred, exhibited or had for or on account of any such Act, matter or thin? as aforesaid, to make an Order for flaying Execution and all other Proceedings in such Action, Suit, Indictment, Information, Prosecution or Proceeding, in whatever State the same shall or may then be; and the Court or the Judge or Justice making such Order for Stay of Proceedings in any Action or Suit as aforesaid shall also order unto the Defendant or Defendants, Defender or Defenders, and he or they shall have and be entitled to Double Costs for ?dl such Proceeding as shall be had or carried on in any such Action or Suit after the passing of this Act, and for which Costs he and they shall have the like Remedy as in Cases where Costs are by Law given to Defendants or Defenders: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons, being a Party or Parties to any such Action, Suit, Indictment, Information, Prosecution or other Proceeding, to apply by Motion, Petition or otherwise, in a summary Way, to the Court in which the fama shall have been brought, commenced, preferred, exhibited or had, or shall be depending, to vacate, discharge or set aside any Order made by any Judge or Justice of that Court for (laying Proceedings, or for Payment of Costs as aforesaid, so as such Application be made within the first Four Days on which such Court shall fit next after the making of any such Order by any Judge or Justice as aforesaid; and such Court is hereby required to examine the Matter of such Application, and to make such Order therein as if the Application had been originally made to the said Court, but nevertheless in the meantime, and until such Application shall be made to the said Court, and unless the said Court shall think fit to vacate, discharge, set aside or reverse the Order made by any such Judge or Justice as aforesaid, the same shall continue in full Force to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever,

IV. Provided also, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit hath been or shall be brought, commenced or had in any Court in that Part of the U.nited Kingdom called Ireland\ for, or by reason, or on account of apprehending, committing, imprisoning, detaining in Custody or discharging out of Custody, any Person or Persons in Ireland who have or hath been charged with High Treason, or Suspicion of High Treason or Treasonable Practices, committed or carried on, or pledged to have been committed or carried on in Great Britain, any Person or Persons against whom any such Action or Suit hath been, or shall be brought, commenced or had, may plead the General Issue, and give in Evidence this Act and the Special Matter, and shall be entitled to Double Costs in like Cases in which any Defendant or Defendants sued in Great Britain is or are hereby declared to be entitled to Double Costs, and shall have the like Remedies for the fame; and the Court in Ireland in which such Action or Suit hath been or shall be commenced whilst fitting, and the respective Judges thereof whilst the Court is not fitting, are and is hereby empowered, authorized and required, upon Applications made for that Purpose ip a summary Way by any Defendant or Defendants, to examine the Matter of such Applications, and thereupon to make Orders as to Haying Execution and other Proceedings, and as to Double Costs, in such and the like Manner as is hereinbefore enacted and provided with respect to Applications made to any Court or Judge in England, and with such and the like Power to the Courts when fitting to vacate, discharge or set aside any Orders made by jany Judge of such Court when the said Court was not fitting.

A.D. 1818.

58° GEORGII III. C. 6, 7, 8. 381

V. And be it farther enacted by the; Authority aforesaid, That all and everj Person and Persons discharged Persons dif-Out of Custody as aforesaid, although hie shall not have been discharged according to Law, shall be deemed and °* ,

taken to have been legally discharged out of Custody. S.lty dir.

1 charged.

CAP. VII.

An Act to indemnify all Persons who have been concerned in aclvifing, issuing or carrying into Execution any Order or Orders for permitting the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods and Commodities in Foreign Bottoms into and out of certain of His Majesty's West India Hands.

[17th March 1818.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King Charles Recital of Stat.

the Second, intituled An Act for the encouraging and increasing of Shipping and Navigation, and by 12 Car. a. c. 18. other Acts of Parliament now in force, no Goods or Commodities whatsoever can be imported into or exported out of any Lands, Hands, Plantations or Territories to His Majesty belonging, or in His Majesty's Possession, or which may hereafter belong unto or be in the Possession of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, in Afiay Africa or America, in any other Ship or Ships, Vessel or Vessels whatsoever, but ui such Ships or Vessels as do truly and without Fraud belong only to the People of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland\ or of any of the Territories thereof, in the manner and subject to the Exceptions and Regulations in the said Acts respectively contained; but Whereas, notwithstanding the said Acts, His Majesty's *Governor of the Hand of Dominica, and the Person acting as Governor of Saint Lucia> have found themselves under the Necessity of opening, with the Advice of their respective Councils, the Ports of the said Hands for a limited time, for the Importation of certain Articles necessary for the Supply of the said Hands, Colonies, Settlements and Territories, in Foreign Bottoms, and in like manner for the Exportation of certain Articles the Produce of the said Hands in return for the fame: And Whereas such Importation and Exportation as aforesaid are contrary to the said Acts of Parliament, but being permitted from the Necessity of the Occasion, the fame ought to be justified by an Act of Parliament, and rendered valid and of due Force in Law, and all Persons advising or issuing any Order or Permiilion of the said Governor, or Person aft in g as such, ought to be respectively justified : Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Orders and Permissions be and be deemed valid accordingly, and of due Force in Law; and that all personal Actions and Suits, Indictments, Informations and all Prosecutions and Proceedings whatsoever, which have been or shall be hereafter prosecuted or commenced against any Person or Persons for having advised or issued or carried into Execution any such Order or Permission at any time before the passing of this Act, be, are and shall be -discharged and made void by virtue of this Act; and that if any Action or Suit shall be prosecuted or commenced against any Person or Persons for or by reason of any such Act, matter or thing so advised, commanded, appointed or done, he, she or they may plead the General Hue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence; and if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in any Action or Suit so to be prosecuted or commenced in that Part of the United Kingdom called England, or that part called Ireland, or in the said West India Islands, shall become nonsuit, or forbear further Prosecution, or suffer Discontinuance, or if a Verdict shall pass against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall recover his, her or their Double Costs, for which he, she or they shall have the like Remedy as in Cases where the Costs by Law are given to the Defendants; and if any such Action or Suit as aforesaid shall be commenced or prosecuted in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, the Court before which such Action or Suit shall be commenced or prosecuted shall allow to the Defender the Benefit of the Discharge and Indemnity thereby provided, and shall further allow him his Double Costs of Suit in all such Cases as aforesaid.

II. And be it also enacted, That if any Action or Suit hath been already commenced against any Person or Persons for any such Act, matter or thing so advised, commanded, appointed or done, it shall and may be lawful for the Defendants or Defenders in such Actions or Suit respectively, in whatever Court in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or in the said West India Hands, such Action or Suit shall have been commenced, to apply to such Court or Courts respectively to ft ay all Proceedings thereon respectively, by Motion in a summary Way, and such Court or Courts are hereby required to make Order for that Purpose accordingly; and the Court or Courts making such Order shall allow and award to the Defendants or Defenders respectively Double Costs of Suit, for which they shall respectively have the like Remedy as in Cases where the Costs are by Law given to the Defendants or Defenders.

CAP. VIII.

An Act to authorize the Governors of the Hospital of King Charles the Second for ancient and maimed Officers and Soldiers of the Army of Ireland, (usually called the Royal Hospital at KiU mainhanty) to suspend or take away the Pensions of such Pensioners of the said Hospital as shall be guilty of any Fraud in respect of Prize Money or Pensions, or of any other gross Misconduct.

[17th March 1818.]

And that rite Governors of Dominica and St. Lucia had been obliged to open the Pom of the said Islands for Importation and Exportation of certain Arti- ' cles, as herein mentioned.

Orders for the Importation of Articles into certain Ports contrary to the recited Act declared validj and on Action brought,

[General Issue.]

Double Costs;

and in Actions in Scotland, Indemnity and Double Colb.

If any Actions brought, Proceedings may be Hayed on lum-mary Applica-

Double Colli.

(usually called the Royal Hospital at Kilmainhamy) to take away or suspend the Pensions payable at the

said

A.D. 1818.

Governors may suspend or take away Pensions of Pensioneis guilty of Fraud, or of attempting, &c. groCa Miscon-du£t

54 G. 3. c. a6.

54 G. 3. C. 2J.

56 G. 3. c. 69.

54G. 3. C. a6. continued.

Recital of Stat. 55 G. 3. c. 108.

§136.

S 6 G.3C. 10.*57-

And that 55 G. 3. C.T08, ougtot to have

C. 8, 9, 10. 58° GEORGII III.

said Hospital of such Persona aa shall be guilty of Frauda or other grofa Miscondu& Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, upop Complaint and Proof being made to the Satisfaction of the Governors of the said Hospital, or any Three of them, that any Fraud either with respect to the Receipt of Prize Money or pension, or any other Money in the Nature of Allowance or Bounty Money, hath been or shall be attempted or practised by any Person being a Pensioner of the said Hospital, or that any such Pensioner hath attempted or practised any other gross Misconduct, it shall and may be lawful for the Governors of the said Hospital, and they are hereby authorized to suspend or entirely to take away the pension payable at the said Hospital to the Person so offending; and upon the Order of the said Governors under their Corporate Seal, or of any Three or more of such Governors, under their Hands and Seals, the pension therein mentioned shall be suspended or altogether taken away, according to the tenor of the said Order 3 any thing in any other Act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

CAP. IX.

An Act to further continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, Two Acts of the Fifty fourth Year of His present Majesty, for repealing the Duties of Customs on Madder imported into Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof.

[17th Mmch 1818.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fifty fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for repealing the Duties of Customs on Madder imported into Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof to continue in force until the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and seventeen: And Whereas another Act was passed in the same Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to reSify 4 a Mijlake in an Act of the present Session of Parliament, for repealing the Duties of Customs on Madder imported into Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof: And Whereas an Act was passed in the Fifty sixth Year of His present Majesty* Reign, intituled An Act to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, Two Acts of the Fifty fourth Year of His present Majesty, for repealing the Duties of Customs on Madder imported into Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof: And Whereas it is expedient that the said first recited Act, as altered by the second recked Act, should be further continued Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, ana Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said first recited Act, as amended by the said second recited Act, shall be further continued until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eighteen.

CAP. X.

An Act to rectify a Mistake in an Act, passed in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and to indemnify certain Persons in relation thereto.

[17th March 1818.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and passed on the Twenty second Day of June in the said Year, intituled An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters: And Whereas it was in and by the said Act enacted, that the said Act should continue in force within Great Britain from the Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and fifteen to the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, and within Ireland, and in Jersey, Guernsey> Alderney, Sari and Isle of Man

and the Iffands thereto belonging, from the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fifteen until the First Day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, and in Gibraltar, Spain and Portugal from the Twenty fifth Day of August One thousand eight hundred and fifteen to the Twenty fifth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, and in all other Parts of Europe where His Majesty's Forces might be serving, and in the JVefi Indies, North America and Cape of Good Hope, from the Twenty fifth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and fifteen to the Twenty fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, and in all other Places from the Twenty fifth Day of February One thousand eight hundred and sixteen to the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seventeen: And Whereas an Act passed in the Fifty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters: And Whereas it was by the said Actenacted, that the said Act should continue in force within thefeveralandrespective Countries and Places mentioned as aforesaid for the several and respective Periods in the said last recited Act specified, and in all other Places from the Twenty fourth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and seventeen to the Twenty fifth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and eighteen: And Whereas the Acts passed for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, have always been made to continue, in all such other Places as aforesaid, for a much longer Period than in the Places specified in the said Acts, on account of the Distance of such other Places, and to allow of sufficient time for the Transmission of the Act of the following Year; and the said Act of the Fifty fifth Year aforesaid ought therefore to have been continued, according to the usual Course of the said Acts, as to such other

Places,

A.D. 1818. 58° GEORGII III. C. 10, 11. 383

Places, until November One thousand eight hundred and seventeen 2 And Whereas March was inserte4in the said been continued last mentioned Act by Mistake instead of November; and by reason thereof, and of the succeeding Act of the tlll, N°v*

Fifty sixth Year of His Majesty's Reign being made to continue in such distant Places for the usual Periods March had

without such Mistake in the preceding Act having been discovered, the Provisions of the said Acts have been inserted in.

not been in force in the East Indies, and such other distant Parts and Places; and it is therefore expedient .dead of Novem-

and necessary that such Mistake and Omission should be remedied, and that sill Acts, matters and things ber.

' which would, if the said tirft recited Act had been in force during the said Period, been valid and effectual,

should be confirmed, and that all Persons who have during the said Period exercised any Powers or Authorities, or done any Act, matter or thing, which would have been authorized by the said Act, if the fame

had been in force, should be indemnified; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty,

by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all Powers and Authorities used and exercised, Acts done to be and all Orders which have been issued, given and obeyed, and all Acts done, and matters and things which valid notwith-have happened or arisen in relation to the Punishment of Mutiny and Desertion, and the Preservation of th5 h

Discipkne, and the Payment of the Army and their Quarters, which would, if the Provisions of the said first Date 0f\^tinu-recited Act had been in force, have been valid and effectual, shall be and are hereby confirmed, and declared to aDCem first re-be as valid and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes as if such Mistake had not arisen, and as if the said first cited Act, and recited Act had been continued to the Twenty fifth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and seven- Persons indem-teen, and the Provisions thereof had been in full Force and Effect 5 and all Persons who have issued or obeyed mfied*

any Orders or done any Act in relation thereto, and all other matters and things which would have been good, valid and effectual under the Provisions of the said first recited Act, if the said Act had been continued to the said Twenty fifth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, shall be and are hereby declared to be fully indemnified and wholly released from any Action, Suit or other Proceedings for or in respect of having issued or obeyed any such Order or done any such Act, and for or in respect of any such matters and things as aforesaid, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the said first recited Act had been in full Force and Effect during such Period as aforesaid.

CAP. XI.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

[17th March 1818.]

WHEREAS the raising or keeping a Standing Army within the United Kingdom of Great Britain 4 W and Ireland in time of Peace, umefs it be with the Consent of Parliament, is against Law: And Whereas it is judged necessary by His Majesty, and this present Parliament, that a Body of Forces should be continued for the Safety of the United Kingdom, the Defence of the Possessions of His Majesty's

Crown, and the Preservation of the Balance of rower in Europe, and that the whole Number of such Number of

Forces should consist of One hundred and thirteen thousand six hundred and forty effective Officers and Forces, 113, 640.

Men, (including the Forces stationed in France, ) and also Four thousand two hundred Officers and Men proposed to be disbanded, but exclusive of the Officers and Men belonging to the Regiments now employed in the Territorial Possessions of the East India Company, or ordered from thence to Great Britain:

And Whereas no Man can be forejudged of Life or Limb, or subjected in time of Peace to any Kind of c Punishment within this Realm by Martial Law, or in any other manner than by the Judgment of his Peers,

and according to the known and established Laws of this Realm; yet nevertheless, it being requisite, for the retaining all the before mentioned Forces in their Duty, that an exact Discipline be observed, and that Soldiers who shall mutiny or stir up Sedition, or shall desert His Majesty's Service, be brought to a more exemplary and speedy Punishment than the usual Forms of the Law will allow Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if any Every officer or Person who is or shall be commissioned or in Pay as an Officer, or who is or shall be lifted or in Pay as a Non Private Man, Commissioned Officer or Soldier, shall at any time during the Continuance of this Act begin, excite, cause or during the Conjoin in any Mutiny or Sedition in His Majesty's Land or Marine Forces, or shall not use his utmost Endea-

yours to suppress the fame, or coming to the Knowledge of any Mutiny or intended Mutiny, shall not without mrninv or desert Delay give Information thereof to his Commanding Officer 5 or shall mi(behave himself before the Enemy; &c. y* or shall ffiamefully abandon or deliver up any Garnfon, Fortress, Post, or Guard committed to his Charge, or which he shall be commanded to defend; or shall compel the Governor or Commanding Officer of any Garrison, Fortress or Post, to deliver up to the Enemy, or to abandon the fame; or shall lpeak Words, or use any other Means to induce such Governor or Commanding Officer, or others, to miffiehave before the Enemy, or ffiamefully to abandon or deliver up any Garrison, Fortress, Post or Guard committed to their, respective Charge, or which he or they shall be commanded to defend; or shall leave his Post before relieved; or shall be or shall be found deeping on his Post; or shall hold Correspondence with, or give Advice or Intelligence to found deeping any Rebel or Enemy of His Majesty, either by Letters, Messages, Signs or Tokens, in any manner or way upon or (hill de-whatsoever; or shall treat or enter into any Terms with such Rebel or Enemy, without His Majesty's Licence, or Licence of the General or Chief Commander; or shall strike or use any Violence against his d[f0bey hiifu-0* superior Officer, being in the Execution of his Office; or shall disobey any lawful Command of his superior perior Officer, Officer; or shall desert His Majesty's Service; all and every Person or Persons so offending in any of the (hill suffer matters before mentioned, whether such Offence shall be committed within this Realm, or in any other of His Pca^h»01 such

Majesty's '*1

Court Martial may inflict. Persons accused of capital Crime*, fce. to be delivered over to the Civil Magistrate, Stc.

Commanding Officer not delivering over such Offender,

disabled.

Proceeding* Sec. of Courts Martial to be transmitted to the Judge Advocate General to be preferred.

Mutter Rolls Ten Miles dif-tant from London, to be closed within 14 Hours after the Muf-ter, and returned within Seven DaystotheCom-miflary General o? Mullers, &c. Altering, &c. of fame.

Forfeiture of Office and Penalty, 10l. Carriages in Scotland how to he provided. Rate*.

Persons employed in the Commissariat, and Office of Storekeeper, liable to the Provisions of this Att, while serving with the Forces.

Continuance of

Aa.

C. 11. 58° GEORGII III. A.D. 181S.

Majesty's IJominions, or in Foreign Parts, upon Land or upon the Sea, shall suffer Death, or such other Punishment as by a Court Martial shall be awarded.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Officer, Noa Commissioned Officer or Soldier shall be accused of any Capital Crime, or of any Violence or Offence against the Person, Effate or Property of any of His Majesty's Subjects, which is punishable by the known Laws of the Land, the Commanding Officer and Officers of every Regiment, Troop, Company or Party, is and are hereby required to use his and their utmost Endeavours to deliver over such accused Person to the Civil Magistrate 5 and shall also be aiding and assisting to the Officers of Justice in the seizing and apprehending such Offender, in order to bring him to Trial: And if any such Commanding Officer shall wilfully neglect or refuse, upon Application made to him for that Purpose, to deliver over any such accused Person to the Civil Magistrate, or to be aiding or assisting to the Officers of Justice in apprehending such Offenders, every such Officer so offending, and being thereof convicted, upon any Information or Indictment in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in any of His Majesty's Courts in Scotland, or in Dublin, shall be deemed and taken to be ipso facto cashiered, and shall be utterly disabled to have or hold any Civil or Military Office or Employment within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or in His Majesty's Service, and a Certificate thereof shall be transmitted to the Judge Advocate in London

XXXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That every Judge Advocate, or Person officiating aa such at any General Court Martial, do and he is hereby required to transmit, with as much Expedition as the Opportunity of time and Distance of Place can admit, the original Proceedings and Sentence of such Court Martial to the Judge Advocate General in London; and the said original Proceedings and Sentences are ta be carefully kept and preferred in his Office, to the end that the Persons entitled thereto may be enabled, upon Application to such Office, to obtain Copies thereof, according to the true Intent and meaning of this Act.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That in Great Britain the Deputy or Deputies of the Commissary General shall, upon every Half Yearly Muster taken by him or them respectively of any Regiment, Troop or Company in His Majesty's Service, al any Place Ten Miles distant from London, close the Muster Rolls of the said Regiment, Troop or Company within Twenty four Hours after such Muster shall have been made, and shall return the Rolls so taken by the Post or other safe Conveyance, within Seven Days after their being closed, to the Commissary General of Musters; who shall and he i9 hereby directed and required to transmit One Set of every of the said Rolls to the Secretary at War, One to the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Land Forces, and One to the Comptrollers of the Accounts of the Army, on or before the First Day of May and Twenty ninth Day of September respectively following such Half Yearly Muster 1 And no Alterations or Indorsements shall be maae in or upon the said Muster Rolls, other than in the Case of Orders of Leave or Dates of Commissions, and other than involuntary Errors or literal Mistakes in writing or transcribing the said Muster Rolls, upon Pain of forfeiting their respective Employments, and the Sum of Twenty Pounds for every such Offence to any Person who shall sue for the same.

LXXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the Carriages for the Service of the Forces from time to* time quartered or marching in Scotland shall be provided in like manner and at the Rates, and the Furniffier of such Carriages shall be paid, as was directed by the Law in force in Scotland at the time of its Union with England: Provided always, that a Cart with one or more Horses, for which the Furnither shall demand and receive the Sum of Nine pence per Mile, shall be required to carry Fifteen Hundred Weight at the least.

CXXXVI. And Whereas Doubts have arisen whether Officers and Persons commissioned or employed in

the Commissariat Department, or in the Office of Storekeeper to His Majesty's Regular Forces, be within the Intent and meaning of this Act Be it declared and enacted, That all Officers and Persons who are or shall be commissioned or employed in the Commissariat Department, or as Storekeeper, or under the Storekeeper General, who are or shall be serving with any Part of His Majesty's Forces at Home or Abroad, and are or shall be placed under the Command of any General or other Officer having Commission from His Majesty, shall be, to all Intents and Purposes, liable to the Provisions of this Act, and to the same Rules and Articles of War, and the same Penalties and Punishments, as in the Cafex>f His Majesty's other Forces.

CLVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be and continue in force within Great Britain from the Twenty fourth Day of March in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, until the Twenty fifth Day of March in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and nineteen; and shall be and continue in force within Ireland, and in Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark and Isle of Man, and the Islands thereto belonging, from the First Day of April in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, until the First Day of April in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and nineteen; and mall be and continue in force in France, and in the Netherlander from the Twenty fifth Day of July in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, until the Twenty fifth Day of May in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and nineteen; and shall be and continue in force within the Garrison of Gibraltar, and in Spain and Portugal* from the Twenty fifth Day of May in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and.eighteen, until the Twenty fifth Day of June in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and nineteen; and shall be and continue in force in all other Parts of Europe where His Majesty's Forces may be serving, and in the West Indite ^nd America, from the Twenty fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, to the Twenty fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen; and shall be and continue in force within the Cape of Good Mope, the Isle of France and Bourbon and Islands thereto belonging, Saint Helena and the Western Coast of Africa, from the Twenty fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, to the Twenty fifth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and nineteen; and shall be and continue in force in all other Places from the

13* Twenty

A.D. 1818. 58° GEORGII III. C. 11, 12. 385

Twenty fifth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, to the Twenty fifth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and twenty.

[Thu AS it the fame* and all the Schedules are also the fame* at 57 G. 3. c. 12. and 57 G. 3. c. 35. except at to Dates* Numbert of Forces* &c. and the SeSiont that are here retained.3

CAP. XII.

An Act for the regulating of His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore.

[17th March 1818.]

WHEREAS it may be necessary, for the Safety of the United Kingdom, and the Defence of the Possessions of the Crown of Great Britain and Jr eland* that a Body of Royal Marine Forces should be employed in His Majesty's Fleet and Naval Service, under the Direction of the Lord High Admiral or*Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland: And Whereas the said Royal Marine Forces may frequently be quartered on Shore, or sent to do Duty on board Transport Ships or Merchant Ships or Vessels, or Ships or Vessels of His Majesty not being in f Commission, or any Convict Hulk or Ship, where they will not be subject to the Laws relating to the Government of His Majesty's Forces by Sea; yet nevertheless it being re^uifite, for the retaining of such Forces in their Duty, that an exact Discipline be observed; and that Marines who shall mutiny or stir up Sedition,

4 or shall desert His Majesty's Service, be brought to a more exemplary and speedy Punishment than the Law

will allow; Be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eighteen. After March

if any Person being entered or in Pay as an Officer of Royal Marines, or who is or mall be lifted or in ray as iSr8, every

a Non Commissioned Officer or Private Man in any Division of Royal Marines in His Majesty's Service, and °Jer»

on the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eighteen shall remain in such Service, or (^Officer

during the Continuance of this Act shall be voluntarily entered and in Pay as a Marine Officer or Private an(j p, ivate

Man m His Majesty's Service, and being ordered or employed in such Service, at any time during the Con- Man,

tinuance of this Act on Shore in any Place within the said Kingdom, or in any other of His Majesty's

Dominions, or in Foreign Parts, or on board any Transport Ship or Merchant Ship or Vessel, or any Ship or

Vessel of His Majesty not being in Commission, or any Convict Hulk or Ship, shall begin, excite, who shall mutiny

cause or join in any Mutiny or Sedition in the Company to which he doth or shall belong, or in any other or desert*c*

Company, Troop or Regiment, either of Marine or Land Forces, in His Majesty's Service 5 or shall not use

his utraoft Endeavours to suppress the fame, or coming to the Knowledge of any such Mutiny or intended

Mutiny, shall not without Delay give Information thereof to his Commanding Officer 5 or shall desert His Majesty's Service; or being actually entered as a Marine in any Company, mall lift himself in any other or lift in any

Company, Troop or Regiment, or enter as a Seaman in His Majesty's Service, without first having a other Regiment,

Discharge in Writing from the Officer commanding in Chief the Company in which he last served as a Marine, &f*

in which Case he (haB be reputed a Deserter 5 or shall be found (leeping upon his Post, or shall leave it before or shall be found

relieved; or shall hold Correspondence with any Rebel or Enemy of His Majesty, or give them Advice or fleePin8 upon or

Intelligence of any kind, by any Ways or Means, or in any manner whatsoever; or shall treat with such^rt h"

Rebels or Enemies, or enter into any Condition with them without His Majesty's Licence, or Licence of the'c

Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland* or Three or more of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for the time being; or shall strike or use any Violence against his Superior Officer being in the Exe-

cution of his Office 5 or shall disobey any lawful Command of his Superior Officer; all and every Person and perior^Officer*;

Persons so offending in any or either of the Matters before mentioned on Shore, in any Part of this Kingdom, shall fufier

or in any other of His Majesty's Dominions, or in Foreign Parts, or on board any Transport Ship or Merchant Death, or such Ship or Vessel, or any Ship or Vessel of His Majesty not being in Commission, or any Convict Hulk or Ship, Punishment t« a

shall suffer Death, or such other Punishment as by a Court Martial shall be inflicted. (haiunflid:

III. And be it also enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for such Courts Martial respectively, Coum Mirtiaj by their Sentence or Judgment, to inflict Corporal Punishment, not extending to Life or Limb, on any may ^or-Marine for Immorality, Misbehaviour or Neglect of Duty, on Shore, in any Place or Places within this poral Pumflr-Kingdom, or in any other of His Majesty's Dominions, or m Transports or Merchant Ships or Vessels, or any ment for Ins-Ship or Vessel of His Majesty not oeing in Commission, or any Convict Hulk or Ship, during the Con- moralities, &c. tinuance of this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Lord High Admiral, Admiralty em-or Three or more of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, at any time during powered to make the Continuance of this Act, to make and establish Rules and Articles in Writing under his or their respective of

Hand or Hands 5 which Articles shall be judicially taken Notice of by all the Judges, and in all Courts what- Mutiny and De-soever, for the Punishment of Mutiny and Desertion, Immorality, Misbehaviour and Neglect of Duty, in any fertion.&q. of His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces, while on Shore in any Part of this Kingdom, or in any other of His Majesty's Dominions, or in Foreign Parts, or in Transport or Merchant Ships or Vessels, or any Ship or Vessel of His Majesty not being in Commission, or any Convict Hulk or Ship, and for bringing Offenders against the same to Justice; and to erect and constitute Courts Martial, with Power to try, hear ana determine and to consti-any Crimes or Offences specified in such Rules and Articles, and inflict Punishments by Sentence or Judgr tute Court* ment for the fame, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act 5 and all such Articles of War shall from time to time, as soon after the same shall have been established as the fame tan be done, be transmitted 58 Geo. III. 3D by

3^6

High Constable, &c. neglecting to qutr-ter Marines;

or taking Money to excofe any Person from quartering; Victuallers refusing to receive Marines.

[Penalty.]

How disposed of.

Justices may order High Constables, &c, to give an Account of the Number of Officers and Private Men, and the Names of Persons with whom quartered.

Constables, &c. may apprehend suspected Deserters, and carry them before a Just ice; who may examine such Persons, and if found to be a Marine may convey him to Prison.

Justice or Clerk not to take a ?ee;

and transmit an Account to Secretary of Admiralty, &c.

Gaol Keeper to receive the Subsistence, Arrears of Pay, &c. of Deserters^utnot to take any Fee.

C. 12. 58° GEORGII III. A.D. 1818.

by the Secretary of the Admiralty for the time being to the Judges of His Majesty's Courts at Westminster and Dublin and into Scotland respectively.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any High Constable, Con liable, Beadle or other Officer or Person whatsoever, who by virtue or colour of this Act shall quarter or billet, or be employed in quartering or billetting, any Marine Officers, or Private Men, shall neglect or refuse for the Space of Two Hours to quarter or billet such Officers or Marines, when thereunto required, in such manner as is by this Act directed, provided sufficient Notice be given before the Arrival of such Forces; or shall receive, demand, contract or agree for any Sum or Sums of Money, or any Reward whatsoever for or on account of excusing, or in order to exenie, any Person or Persons whatsoever from quartering or receiving into his, her or their House or Houses any such Officer or Marine; or in case any Victualler, or any other Person liable by this Act to have any Officer or Marine billetted or quartered on him or her, shall refuse to receive or to afford proper Accomodation to or to victual any such Officer or Marine so quartered or billetted upon him or her as aforesaid; or shall refuse to furnifti or allow, according to the Directions of this Act, the several things hereinbefore respectively directed to be furnished or allowed to Non Commissioned Officers or Marines so quartered or billetted on him or her as aforesaid, at the Rate which is or shall be established by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force in that behalf, and shall be thereof convicted before any-one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of the County, City or Liberty within which such Offence shall be committed, either by his own Confession, or by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses (which Oath the said Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered to adminif-terl, every such High Con liable, Con liable, Beadle or other Officer or Person so offending, shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Five Pounds, or any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, nor less than Forty Shillings (as the said Justice or Justices before whom the Matter shall be heard, shall in his or their Discretion think fit); to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods of the Person offending, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of such Justice or Justices before whom such Offender shall be convicted, or of One or more of them, to be directed to any other Constable within the County, City or Liberty, or to any of the Overseers of the Poor of the Parish where the Offender shall dwell; and the said Sum of Five Pounds, or the said Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings, when levied, to be paid to the Overseers of the Poor of the Parish where the Offence shall be committed, or to some one of them, for the Use of the Poor of such Parish.

XXX. And for the better preventing Abuses in quartering or billetting the Royal Marines in pursuance of this Act, be it further enacted, That it mall and may be lawful to and for any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace within their respective Counties, Cities or Liberties, by Warrant or Order under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, at any time or times during the Continuance of this Act, to require and command any High Constable, Constable, Beadle or other Officer who shall quarter or billet any Royal Marines in pursuance of this Act, to give an Account in Writing unto the said Justice or Justices requiring the fame, of the Number of Officers and Private Men who shall be quartered or billetted by them, and also the Names of the Housekeepers or Persons upon whom every such Officer or Private Man shall be quartered or billetted, together with an Account of the Street or Place where every such Housekeeper dwells, and of the Signs (if anyj belonging to their Houses, to the end it may appear to the said Justice or Justices where such Officers and Private Men are quartered or billetted, and that he or they may thereby be the better enabled to prevent or punish all Abuses in the quartering or billetting of them.

LII. And Whereas several Marines, who being duly entered, may afterwards desert and be found wandering, or otherwise absenting themselves illegally from His Majesty's Service it is hereby further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Constable, Headborough or Tithiugman of the Town or Place where any Person who may reasonably be suspected to be such a Deserter shall be found, or if no such Constable, Headborough or Tithingman can be immediately met with, then for any Marine Officer or Marine, to apprehend or cause such suspected Person to be apprehended, and to bring or cause him to be brought before any Justice of the Peace living in or near such Town or Place, who is hereby empowered and required to examine such suspected Person; and if, by his Confession, or the Testimony of One or more Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, or by Knowledge of such Justice of the Peace, it shall appear or be found that such suspected Person is a Marine duly entered, and ought to be with the Company to which he belongs, whether such Company shall be employed on board any of His Majesty's Ships or Vessels, or quartered on Shore, or employed on board any Transport Ship, or Merchant Ship or Vessel, or any Ship or Vessel of His Majesty not being m Commission, or any Convict Hulk or Ship, such Justice of the Peace shall, without Fee or Reward to himself or Clerk, forthwith cause him to be conveyed to the Gaol of the County or Place where he shall be found, or to the House of Correction or other public Prison in such Town or Place where such Deserter shall be apprehended, or to the Savoy, in case such Deserter shall be apprehended within the Cities of London or Westminsteri or Places adjacent, and transmit an Account thereof to the Secretary of the Admiralty for the time being, and to the Commandant of the Division to which the said Deserter may belong, to the end that such Person may be proceeded against according to Law; and the Keeper of every Gaol, House of Correction or Prison, shall receive the full Subsistence of such Deserter, during the time he shall continue in his Custody, for the Maintenance of such Deserter 5 but shall not be entitled to any Fee or Reward on account of the Imprisonment of any such Deserter; any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the Secretary of the Admiralty for the time being, if he should think fit, to order the Issue and payment of any Arrears or Pay, or of the Surplus of such Pay, or any Portion thereof, to ox* on account of such Non Commissioned Officer or Marine, during or after the Expiration of his Period of Imprisonment in any Gaol, or House of Correction or other public rrifon.

7* LIIL And

A.D. 1818.

58° GEORGII III.

C.

12, 13.

387

LIII. And for the better Encouragement of any Person or Persons to secure or apprehend such Deserter, be it further enacted, That such Justice of the Peace, upon receiving a Certificate from the Commanding Officer of the Division to which any Person so apprehended may appear to belong, Rating that he is really a Deserter from the Royal Marines, mall also issue his Warrant in Writing to the Collector or Collectors of the Land Tax Money of the Parish or Township in Great Britain where such Deserter shall be apprehended, or in Ireland to the Collector or Collectors of His Majesty's Revenue in the District where such Deserter shall be apprehended, for paying out of the Land Tax Money or Revenue arisen or to arise in the Year One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, into the Hands of such Person or Persons who shall apprehend or cause to be apprehended any such Deserter from His Majesty's Service, the Sum of Three Pounds for every such Deserter that shall be so apprehended and committed 5 which Sum of Three Pounds shall be satisfied by such Collector or Collectors to whom such Warrant shall be directed, and allowed upon his or their Account; the Magistrate informing the Commandant of the Division to which such Deserter may belong, that the fame may be charged against his Pay and Subsistence.

LXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in all Cases in which any Extension of Furlough shall be granted as aforesaid in England, and upon the Request of any such Non Commissioned Officer or Marine to whom the same shall be granted, it shall be lawful for the Justice of the Peace granting the fame, or where the same shall be granted by any such Officer as aforesaid, for any Justice of the Peace, upon the Production of a Certificate in Writing from such Officer, which he is hereby required to give, to make an order in Writing, in the Form in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (D.), under his Hand, upon the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the Parish, Township or Place wherein such Non Commissioned Officer or Marine shall reside, requiring them to pay to such Non Commissioned Officer or Marine any Sum of Money directed in such Order, not exceeding Two thirds of his Daily Pay 5 such Justice of the Peace taking particular Care to state upon the Furlough, in Words, the Amount so directed by him to be paid, and the Periods from and to which the fame has been ordered to be issued, both inclusive, corroborating the Statement of his Signature, and further specifying upon the Order to the Parish Officer of the Date of the Furlough originally granted, and the Name of the Commanding Officer by whom signed; and the fame so authorized shall be paid accordingly upon Production and Delivery to him of such Order, by any such Parish Officer, out of any Money in his Hands applicable to the Relief of the Poor; and the fame so advanced by such Parish Officer shall, upon the Production and Delivery of such Order to the Collector of Excise of the District within which such Parish, Township or Place shall be situated, or any Person officiating for such Collector, be repaid to such Parish Officer, to be applied to the Relief of the Poor, by such Collector of Excise or other Person out of any Public Monies in his Hands, and the same shall be allowed in his Accounts; and such Orders of Justices shall be taken as Cash in the Payment of Duties of Excise received by him; and all Sums of Money so advanced out of any Duties of Excise shall be repaid to the Account of the said Duties by the Paymaster of the Royal Marines to any Person or Persons authorized by the Commissioners of Excise in England or any Three or more of them, to draw for and receive the same: Provided always, that if any Justice of the Peace shall not think fit to make such Order for paying any such Money as aforesaid, he shall state his Reasons for such Refusal in Writing at the Back of the Furlough,

LXXXVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act, so far as relates to the Allowances to be made for the quartering of Royal Marines, and providing for their Horses, may be altered, varied or repealed by any Act or Acts to be made in this present Session of Parliament,

[Thit A3 it the fame, and all the Schedulet are also the fame, at $ 7 G. 3. c. 13. except at to Datet and the

SeSiont that are here retained.]

Reward for taking up Deserters.

Magistrate to inform Commandant

Order to be made by Justice for Pay due for the Period of the extended Furlough.

Form,

Justice to state Amount and other Particular! upon the Furlough, and Order, &c.

Amount thereupon to be paid by Parish Officer;

and repaid by Excise Collector.

Justice not making Order to state his Reasons.

Act in Part may be altered or repealed this Session.

CAP. XIII.

An Act for charging Duties on Licences for retailing Aqua Vita in Scotland. [ 19th March 1818.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled 43 G. 3. c. 69.

An Act to repeal the Dutiet of Excise payable in Great Britain, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof a Licence Duty was imposed upon every Person who, within the Limits of any Royal Burgh,

Burgh of Barony or Regality, in any Part of Scotland, or in any Place in any other Part of Scotland other

than within the Highlands of Scotland, limited and described in the Acts in that Case made and provided,

should retail any Spirits made or distilled from Malt, Corn, Grain, Barley, Beer, Bigg or other British Materials,

and commonly called or known by the Name of Aqua Vita in that Part of the United Kingdom, for every such Licence to retail plain Aqua Vita only, Two Pounds 5 and upon every Person who should retail such

Spirits within the several Counties and Districts of the Highlands of Scotland, the Royal Burghs, Burghs

of Barony or Regality therein excepted, for every such Licence One Pound: And Whereas by another Act,

made in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for granting to Hit 55 G. 3. c. 30.

Majesty, until the Fifth Day of April, One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, additional Duties of Excise Sch. A.

in Great Britain on Sweets, Tobacco, Snuff, and Excise Licences, an additional Licence Duty was imposed upon every Person who, within the Limits of any Royal Burgh of Barony or Regality m any Part of

Scotland, or in any Place in any other Part of Scotland other than within the Highlands of Scotland, limited and

described in the Acts in that Case made and provided, should retail any Spirits made or distilled from Malt,

Corn, Grain, Barley, Beer, Bigg or other British Materials, and commonly called or known by the Name of Aqua Vita in that Part of the United Kingdom, for every such Licence to retail plain Aqua Fit* only,

Two Pounds } and upon every Person who should retail such Spirits within the several Counties and Districts

3 D 2*of

388

56 G-3- c. 113.

4L to be paid for Licences for retailing Spirits within any Royal Burgh or Place not within the Highlands;

and al. in the Highlands, Royal Burghs, &c. excepted. Duties under Conrunissioners of Excise Duties how to be levied.

Former Acts in

force.

Duties carried to

Consolidated

Fund.

Act may be altered, fcc. this Session.

57 G. 3. c. 113.

1.

The time for Circulation of Bank Tokens and Dollars extended.

C. 13, 14* 58° GEORGII III. A.D. 1818.

1 of the Highlands of Scotland, the Royal Burghs, Burghs of Barony or Regality therein excepted, for every such Licence One Pound s And Whereas by another Act, made in the Fifty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for repealing the Duties payable for Licences for retailing Beer, Ale, Cyder,

Perry or Spirits in Great Britain; and for impojtng other Duties in lieu thereof; the several Duties and Sums of

Money payable by Law for or in respect of Licences for retailing Spirits were, from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, repealed, and other Duties were imposed in lieu thereof;

but in the Imposition of such new Duties the Licence Duties which were intended to be paid by Retailers in Scotland of plain Aqua Vita only were omitted For Remedy whereof, be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid throughout Scotland, to and for the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, the several annual Sums of Money herein after mentioned, for and upon all Licences to be taken out according to the Laws in each Case made and provided by Retailers of plain Aqua Vita only in Scotland, that is to say, by every Person who, within the Limits of any Royal Burgh, Burgh of Barony or Regality, in any Part of Scotland, or in any Place in any other Part of Scotland other than within the Highlands of Scotland, limited and described in the Acts in that Case made and provided, shall retail any Spirits made or distilled from Malt, Corn, Grain, Barley, Beer, Bigg or other British Materials, and commonly called or known by the Name of Aqua Vita in that Part of the United Kingdom, for every such Licence to retail plain Aqua Vita only, Four Pounds; and by every Person who shall retail such Spirits within the several Counties and Districts of the Highlands of Scotland, the Royal Burghs, Burghs of Barony or Regality therein excepted, for every such Licence Two Pounds.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Duties by this Act imposed shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland for the time being.

III. And be it further enacted, That the several Duties and Sums of Money above mentioned and hereby imposed shall and may be respectively raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, recovered, adjudged and allowed, in such and the like manner as in and by any or either of the general or special Means, Ways or Methods by which the former Duties of Excise respectively of the fame kinds respectively were or might be raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, recovered, adjudged or allowed; and the Retailers respectively before mentioned shall be and are hereby made subject to all and every the Conditions, Regulations, Rules, Restrictions and Forfeitures to which such Persons in general, and also to all and every the special Conditions, Rules, Regulations, Restrictions and Forfeitures respectively, to which the like Persons respectively were subject or liable by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force immediately before the passing of this Act relating to the Duties of Excise; and all and every Pain, Penalty, Fine or Forfeiture of any Nature or Kind whatever, for any Offence whatever committed against or in breach of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force immediately before the passing of this Act made for securing the Revenue of Excise, or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof, and the several Clauses, Powers and Directions therein contained, iiall and are hereby directed and declared to extend to and shall be respectively applied, practised and put ia execution for and in respect of the several Duties of Excise and Sums of Money hereby imposed and made payable respectively, in as full and ample Manner to all Intents and Purposes whatever as if all and every the said Acts, Clauses, Provisions, Powers, Directions, Fines, Pains, Penalties or Forfeitures, were particularly repeated and reenacted in the Body of this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies arising by the Duties and several Sums of Money by this Act imposed and made payable as aforesaid, the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the fame excepted, shall from time to time be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster; and the said Money so paid into the Receipt of Exchequer as aforesaid shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

V. And be it further enacted, That this Act or any of the Provisions thereof may be altered, varied or repealed by any Act or Acts to be passed in this Session of Parliament,

CAP. XIV.

An Act to amend an Act of the la ft Session of Parliament, for preventing the further Circulation of Dollars and Tokens issued by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England.

[39th March 1818.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to prevent the

further Circulation of Dollars and Tokens issued by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for the Convenience of the Public, it was enacted, that from and after the Twenty fifth Day of

March One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, the Dollars and Tokens in the said Act mentioned

should no longer pass or circulate, or be received in Payment or Exchange, or otherwise howsoever, under

the Penalties in the said Act mentioned: And Whereas a considerable Quantity of the said Dollars and Tokens yet remain in Circulation, and it is expedient to allow the same to be tendered and received in Payment, for the Purposes herein after mentioned, for the Period herein after specified; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the said Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, and until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, the said Dollars and Tokens shall and may pass and circulate, and be received in Payment or Exchange, by such Persons as shall be willing to accept

thereof,

3«9

A.D. 1818. 58° GEORGII III. C. 14, 15,

thereof* in like manner as before the passing of the said recited Act of the last Session of Parliament, any thing in the said recited Act to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding; and that it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons, from and after the said Fifth Day of Julr One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, and until and upon the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, to utter, offer and tender any such Dollars or Tokens in Payment of any Taxes, Rates or Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for Affairs of Taxes, or of the Commissioners of Customs or Excise, or Stamps in Great Britain, or of any Postage, or in the Purchase of any Stamped Paper, or in the Payment of any Rent by the Tenants of any Lands, Tenements, Messuages or Hereditaments in Great Britain, or of any parochial or other public Rate, or in Payment to any Banker or Bankers, or any common Carrier, or to any ther Person or Persons whomsoever, for the Purpose of such Dollars or Tokens being transmitted to the Bank of England; and that any Person or Persons who shall during the said Periods respectively offer, utter or tender in Payment any such Dollars or Tokens, according to the Provisions of this Act, shall not be liable to any Penalty under the said recited Act; any thing in the said recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it farther enacted, That the said recited Act of the last Session of Parliament, and all the Provisions and Clauses therein contained, shall be and continue in full Force and Effect, except only so far as the fame is and are altered by the express Words of this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be amended, altered or repealed by any Act or Acts to be passed in this present Session of Parliament.

CAP. XV.

An Act to amend an Act made in the Twenty sixth Year of His present Majesty, for the Encouragement of the Fisheries carried on in the Greenland Seas and Davids Streights, so far as relates to the Oaths thereby required to be taken.

[19th March 1818.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty*

intituled An Act for the further Support and Encouragement of the Fisheriet carried on in the Greenland ' Seas and Davis's Streights: And Whereas by the said Act certain Oaths are required to be taken by9 One or more of the Owners, and by the Master or Chief Officer of every Ship or Vessel going, to and9returning from the said Fishery: And Whereas the said Oaths may preclude Persons from applying for and9obtaining the Rewards to which they may become entitled in pursuance of any Act of Parliament for dif-9 covering the Longitude at Sea, and encouraging Attempts to find a Northern Passage between the Atlantic9 and Pacific Oceans, and to approach the Northern Pole* Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the said recited Act as relates to the Oaths to be taken by One or more of the Owners, and by the Master or Chief Officer of evexy Ship or Vessel going to and returning from the said Fishery, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That previously to the Licence specified in the said Act being granted, One or more Owner or Owners, and the Master or Chief Officer of such Ship or Vessel, shall make Oath before the Persons authorized by the said Act to administer the same, that it is really and truly their Arm Purpose and Intention that such Ship shall, as soon as Licence shall be granted, forthwith proceed, manned, furnished and accoutred in the manner directed by the said Act, on a Voyage to the Greenland Seat and Davids Streights, or the Seas adjacent, and there, in the then approaching Seaton, to use the utmost endeavours of themselves and their Ship's Company to take Whales or other Creatures living in the Sea, and on no other Design or View of Profit in such Voyage, save and except any Reward or Rewards offered by any Act of Parliament for more effectually discovering the Longitude at Sea, or encouraging Attempts to find a Northern Passage between the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans, and to approach the Northern Pole, and to Import the Whale Fins, Oil and Blubber thereof into Great Britain (naming the Port thereof to which it is their intention to return) 5 and that, on the Return of any such Ship or Vessel to Great Britain, the Master and Mate shall make Oath that they did, in pursuance of the Licence granted in pursuance of the said Act (mentioning the Day of their Departure), proceed on a Voyage directly to the Places before mentioned, and have not since been on any other Voyage, or pursued any other Design or View of Profit, save and except any Reward or Rewards offered by any Act of Parliament for more effectually discovering the Longitude at Sea, or encouraging Attempts to find a Northern Passage between the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans, and to approach the Northern Pole, and that they did there (mentioning the time of their Stay in those Seas) use the utmost Endeavours of themselves and their Ship's Company to take Whales and other Creatures living in those Seas, and that all the Whale Fins, Oil and Blubber (if any) imported in such Ship or Vessel, were really and Iona side caught and taken in the said Seas by the Crew of such Ship or Vessel only, or with the Assistance of the Crew of some other British built Ship or Vessel licensed for that Voyage pursuant to the Directions of the said recited Act; and the taking of the said respective Oaths in the Form prescribed by this Act shall (all the other Requisites of the said Act being duly complied with) be sufficient to authorize the granting of the Licences for the Sailing of such Ships and Vessels, and the Payment of the Bounties granted by the said Act*

CAP#

Former Act to continue in force except as altered*

Act may be altered, &c. this Session.

26 G. 3. C. 41.

§X.

So far as relates to the Oaths taken by the Owners and Matters of Vessels repealed. Previously to granting Licence under recited Act, the Owners and Matters of Vessels to make Oath for the Performance of certain Particulars herein mentioned.

Taking the Oaths as by this Act, sufficient to authorize the granting failing. Licences and Payment of Bounties.

C. 16, 17.

58° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1818.

CAP. XVI.

An Act to continue until the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, and amend an Act of the Fifty sixth Year of His present Majesty, for reducing the Duties payable on Horses used for the Purposes therein mentioned.

[8th May 1818.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Fifty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled

f An Act for reducing the Duties payable on Horses used for the rurbofes therein mentioned, for Two 1 Yearsf and for repealing the Acts granting Allowances in respect of Children, certain Duties of Assessed Taxes were discontinued and suspended, and other Duties substituted in lieu thereof, for the Term of Two ' Years next after the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixteen; and it is expedient to*continue the fame Rates of Duty in the said Act mentioned for a further time to be limited May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this Duties continued present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the several Duties, and the Regulations under the Re- and Provisions for assessing, charging, raising, levying, collecting and applying the same, in the said Act men-mendoned^tUl6'0 t*one^> shall be and the same are hereby severally continued from the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight April 5, 1819. hundred and eighteen until the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and nineteen.

In what case*II. And Whereas by the said recited Act, Persons occupying Farms, whether as Owners or Tenants,

Persons having*are not entitled to be afieffed at the reduced Rates of Duty therein mentioned, unless they respectively make Farms ofless*their Livelihood solely by such Occupation 5 with a Proviso, that in certain Cases an Annual Income not Annual Value < exceeding Ten Pounds Sterling, arising from any other Source than therein mentioned, shall not preclude Pjut'ftaU bTlet*an7 Occupier of Lands therein described from the benefit of such reduced Assessment: And Whereas it is not precluded*i expedient that in small Farms of the Value and Description herein after mentioned, the respective Owners or from Benefit of*Tenants thereof Should not be precluded from the benefit of the reduced Assessment provided by the reduced Assess-said Act 5' Be it further enacted, That from and after the said Fifth Day of April One thousand eight went. hundred and eighteen, where any Person having or being possessed of or entitled unto any Farm of Lands

which, estimated according to the said Act, shall in the whole be of less Annual Value than Fifty Pounds Sterling, whereof a Part shall be let or underlet by him or her, nothing in the said Act contained shall be construed to preclude such Person from the benefit of the reduced Assessment in the said Act provided in respect of the Lands in his or her Occupation, by reason that he or she shall have an Income from the Lands so let or underlet, he or she making his or her Livelihood wholly from the said Farm or Lands so occupied, let or underlet by him or her as aforesaid, and not from any other Source, and which shall together not exceed the Value of Fifty Pounds per Annumf estimated as aforesaid.

CAP. XVII.

Duties now payable on Four Wheel Carriages of a certain Descriptkm, and not drawn by Horses, &c. made to cease. New Duties.

An Act for charging certain Duties on Four wheeled Carriages constructed and drawn in the manner therein described, [8th May 1818.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to reduce the Duties payable on Four Wheel Carriages constructed and drawn in manner herein mentioned Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after £he Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, the Duties imposed on Four Wheel Carriages of the Description herein mentioned, and not drawn by any Horses, Mares or Geldings, or Mules, shall cease and determine; and that from and after the said Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, there shall be substituted, charged and paid to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successor9, the Rates and Duties following; videlicet,

For every Carriage having Four Wheels of less Diameter than Thirty Inches each, which in every respect shall be built, constructed, marked and described as a Taxed Cart according to the Regulations prefenbed by Law for Taxed Carts, except as to the Number of Wheels as before mentioned, and which shall be drawn by any One Poney or Mule not exceeding Twelve Hands in Height, or by an Ox or Afs, and of which Carriage the original Price shall not have exceeded, or the Value shall not at any time exceed, the Sum of Fifteen Pounds Sterling, and which shall not be constructed with a Spring or Springs of any Materials whatever, there shall be charged the annual Sum of One Pound and Nine Shillings $ and if such Carriage shall be constructed with a Spring or Springs of any Materials whatever, except of Iron, Steel or any other metallic Substance, either wholly or in part, there shall be charged the annual Sum of Two Pounds and Fifteen Shillings:

For every Carriage having Four Wheels of less Diameter than Thirty Inches each, constructed, marked or described in any manner different from a Taxed Cart, or contrary to the Regulations prescribed by Law for Taxed Carts, except as to the Number of Wheels as aforesaid, or constructed with a Spring or Springs of Iron, Steel or any other metallic Substance, or which shall be drawn by any Two or more Ponies or Mules not exceeding Twelve Hands in Height, or Oxen or Asses as aforesaid, of which Carriage the original Price shall have exceeded, or the Value thereof shall at anytime exceed, the Sum of Fifteen Pounds Sterling, there shall be charged the respective Sums payable by Law on Carriages with less than Four Wheels, and according to the Number of Beasts used in drawing the said Carriages with Four such Wheels as aforesaid, and the additional Body or Bodies successively used on the fame Carriage or Number of Wheels;

Provided,

A.D. 1818. 58° GEORGII III. C. 17, 18, 19.

Provided, that for every such Carriage with Four Wheels not constructed according to the Directions of this Act, or constructed according to the said Directions, but drawn in any manner contrary to the said Directions, there shall be charged the respective Sums payable by Law on Carriages with Four Wheels.

II. And be it further enacted, That the several Duties on Carriages herein mentioned shall be assessed, raised, levied, paid and accounted for under the Provisions and Regulations of the several Acts in force at and immediately before the passing of this Act, in relation to the Duties of Affected Taxes, and this Act shall be construed in such manner and to the like EfFed in all respects as if the said Duties on Carriages were expressly directed to be charged, under and subject to the several Provisions, Exemptions and Penalties in the said Acts contained, apd as if the said several Provisions, Exemptions and Penalties were expressly enacted in this Act $ and all and every the Powers, Authorities, Methods, Rules, Directfo/is, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, matters and things contained in such Acts respectively, so far as the same are respectively applicable to the Duties on Carriages mentioned in this Act, shall severally and respectively, in the Execution of this Act, be duly observed, practised and put in Execution throughout Great Britain, as folly and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the fame Powers, Authorities, Methods, Rules, Directions, Penalties, Forfeiture^ Clauses, matters and things were particularly and respectively repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act, and shall severally be applied, construed, deemed and taken to belong to this Act, in like manner as if the fame had been enacted herein, and expressly applied to the said Duties on Carriages herein mentioned.

III. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies arising by the Duties hereby imposed, or by the Duties hereby consolidated (the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the fame excepted), shall from time to time be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, in One Sum, to the Account of A(Te(fed Taxes, and shall be carried to and be made Part of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

IV. And be it further enacted, That this Act or any of the Provisions thereof may be altered, varied or repealed by any Act or Acts to be made in this present Session of Parliament.

CAP. xviii.

An Act to charge an additional Duty on Corks ready made, imported into Ireland*

[8th May 1818.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that an additional Duty of Customs should be imposed on all Corks ready*W made, imported into Ireland; 9 Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid, unto His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, upon all Corks ready made, imported into Ireland, an additional Duty of Customs of Three Shillings and Sixpence BriBfh Currency for every Pound Weight.

II. And be it further enacted, That the additional Duty of Customs hereby imposed shall be managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, paid, recovered and applied in such and the like manner as any Duties of Customs in Ireland of the like Nature are managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, paid, recovered and applied.

III. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be amended, altered or repealed by any Act or Acts to be made in this present Session of Parliament.

CAP. XIX.

An Act to allow for Three Years, and until Six Weeks after the Commencement of the then next Session of Parliament, the Importation into Ports specially appointed by His Majesty, within the

Provinces of Nova Scotia and New Brunswick, of the Articles therein enumerated, and the Reexportation thereof from such Ports.

[8th May 1818.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Forty seventh Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for permitting, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nine, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Importation of certain enumerated Articles into the British Colonies on the Continent of North America, from the United States of America, and the Exportation of other enumerated Articles from the same Colonies to the said States; which said Act was continued and extended by an Act passed in the Forty ninth Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to authorize His Majesty to permit, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twelve,

any Goods and Commodities to he imported into and exported from Nova Scotia and New Brunswick in any Ship or Vessel whatsoever; which last mentioned Act was continued by an Act passed in the Fifty second Year of His Majesty's Reign 5 sundry Articles were allowed to be imported into and exported from certain Ports*in His Majesty's Colonies of Nova Scotia and New Brunswick from and to certain Foreign Ports, which Acts have now expired: And Whereas great Advantage resulted to the said Colonies from the Facilities given to the Trade thereof by the said Acts: And Whereas it is expedient to grant similar Facilities at the*present time* Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act it shall and may be lawful, in any

British

391

Duties to be levied and paid as by former Acts.

Duties cart ied to

Consolidated

Fund.

Act may be al: tered, & c. thia Session.

Additional Duty of 3*. 6d. per Pound Weight.

To be levied at any Duty of Customs in Ireland.

Act may be amended, altered or repealed this Session.

47 G.3. Self. 2. c. 38.

49 G* 3* c*49*

Importation of certain Articles

392

to Nova Scotia or New Brunswick allowed.

Proviso as to Importation in Foreign Vessels.

Re-exportation in Britishi Vessels, permitted.

Produce of the said Provinces and Goods imported may be exported.

Proviso as to (Uch Exportation in Foreign Vessels.

Regulations for Importation and Exportation may be made by The King in Council. Continuance of this Act.

ix Ann. Stat.

C.i$.

x6 G.x. c. X5. 30 G. 3. c. 14.

repealed.

Commissioners for discovering the Longitude, See. appointed.

C. 19, 20. 58° GEORGII III. A.D. 1818.

British built Ship or Vessel owned and navigated according to Law, or in any Ship or Vessel belonging to the Subject8 of any Sovereign or State in Amity with His Majesty, to import into such Ports as shall be speciallr appointed for that Purpose by His Majesty, within the Province of Nova Scotia or New Brunswick, the following Articles; videlicet, Scantling, Planks, Staves, Heading Boards, Shingles, Hoops, Horses, Neat Cattle, Sheep, Hogs, Poultry, or Live Stock of any Sort, Bread, Biscuit, Flour, Peas, Beans, Potatoes, Wheat, Rice, Oats, Barley or Grain of any Sort, Pitch, Tar, Turpentine, Fruits, Seeds and Tobacco.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That none of the aforesaid Articles shall be imported into the said Ports so to be specially appointed, in Foreign Vessels, unless the said Articles shall be of the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of the Country to which the Vessels importing the same shall belong.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful to re-export any of the said Articles either to the United Kingdom, or to any other of His Majesty's Possessions, in any British built Ship or Vessel owned and navigated according to Law.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful in any Britishi Ship or Vessel, or in any Ship or Vessel belonging to the Subjects of any Sovereign or State in Amity with His Majesty, to export from the said Ports To to be appointed for that Purpose, Gypsum, Grindstones, fr other Produce or Manufacture of the said Provinces, and also any Produce or Manufacture of the United Kingdom, or of His Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in the West Indict, or any Goods whatever which shall have been legally imported into the said Provinces; any thing in any Law to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That none of the aforesaid Articles shall be exported from the said Ports so to be appointed, to any Foreign Country or Place, in any Foreign Vessel, unless such Foreign Vessel shall belong to the Country to which the said Articles shall be exported.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty, by and with the Advice of His Privy Council, to make such Rules and Regulations for the Importation and Exportation of Goods and Commodities as aforesaid at the said Ports, with such Penalties and Forfeitures for the Breach thereof, as shall seem fit and necessary to His Majesty, by and with the Advice aforesaid.

VII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue in force during the Space of Three Years from and after the passing of the fame, and until Six Weeks after the Commencement of the then next Session of Parliament,

CAP. XX.

An Act for more effectually discovering the Longitude at Sea, and encouraging Attempts to find a Northern Passage between the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans, and to approach the Northern Pole.'

[8th May 1818.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Twelfth Year of Her late Majesty Queen Anne> intituled An Act for providing a Public Rewardfor such Person or Persons as shall discover the Longitude at Sea9 it was enacted, that Persons holding certain Public Offices therein dated, for the time being, and certain other < Persons therein mentioned by Name, should be Commissioners for the Discovery of the Longitudes Sea, and for examining, trying and judging of all Proposals, Experiments and Improvements relating to the femes And Whereas another Act was passed in the Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, for rendering more effectual the last recited Act: And Whereas by another Act passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for continuing the Encouragement and Reward of Persons making certain Discoveries for finding the Longitude at Sea % or making other useful Discoveriee and Improvements in Navigation, and for making Experiments relating thereto, and for adding a Commissioner to execute the several Acts for the Discovery of the Longitude at Sea9 Persons holding certain other Offices, therein enumerated, for the time being, were added to and joined with the Commissioners appointed by the said first*mentioned Act: And Whereas all the Persons mentioned by Name in the said first recited Act are long since deceased: And Whereas by reason of the Residence at the Universities of certain Professors who are consti- tuted Members of the Board of Commissioners aforesaid, and by there not being a Power of electing into the said Board any Persons but the said official Commissioners and the said Professors, it often happens that there are no Persons, particularly versed in the Sciences of the Mathematics and Astronomy, resident m London^ and belonging to the said Board; and that divers Persons of great Skill and Ability, whose Services would be most f beneficial to the Objects of the said Board, are by the said Constitution of the Board excluded therefrom Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Acts shall be and the same are hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, the Lord High Treasurer of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or the First Commissioner for executing the said Office, the Lord High Admiral or First Commissioner for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and such other Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland as may be Flag Officers in His Majesty's Fleet, the Speaker of the House of Commons, the President of the Committee of Council for Trade and Plantations, the Governor of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, the Judge of the High Court of Admiralty, the Secretaries of the Treasury, the Secretaries of the Admiralty, the Comptroller of the Navy, The President and Three Fellows of the Royal Society, the Royal Astronomer at Greenwich, the Savilian9 Lucqfian9 Plumian, and Lowndian Professors of the Mathematics and Astronomy at the Universities of Oxford and Cambridge, the Observer at the Radcliffe Observatory at Oxford9 all now and for the Time being, and Three other Persons well

8* versed

393

A.D. 1818. 58° GEORGII III. C. 20.

versed in the Sciences of Mathematics, Astronomy or Navigation, to be annually Telexed, chosen and named, as herein after provided, shall be Commissioners for discovering the Longitude at Sea, and for examining, trying and judging all Proposals, Experiments and Improvements, relating to the fame, and for rewarding Persons making useful Discoveries and Improvements in or connected with Navigation.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Three Members of the Royal Society, so to be Commissioners, the

shall be the Right Honourable Charles Lord Colchester, Davies Gilbert Esquire, and Colonel William Mudge; and that in the Event of any Vacancy by Death, Resignation or Refusal to act of any of the said Three Per- Society appointed Ions, or of any Person hereafter chosen to succeed them, such Vacancy shall be filled up by the Choice and Commissioners. Election of the President and Council of the Royal Society; and that the said Three other Commissioners shall How Vacancies be Doctor William Hyde Wollaston, and Doctor Thomas Toung, and Captain Henry Kater % who shall continue of such Three Commissioners until the Fird Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty, after which time the>crfolw Three Persons to be the said lad mentioned Commissioners shall be annually, or as often as a Vacancy by Death, of the

Resignation or Refusal to act may occur, selected, chosen and named by the Lord High Admiral, or Com- other Three missioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, and shall be Persons well versed in the Sciences of Commissioners. the Mathematics, Adronomyftor Navigation, and shall be generally resident in or near the City of London, and to

capable of attending at the Board of Commissioners, and of assisting in the Objects herein intruded to the said Threeafter ill Board. January i8so.

IV. And Whereas by the said recited Act, and by divers other JAfts passed from time to time, and all All confer. 4 founded upon and referring to the said fird recited Act, divers Duties and Authorities were imposed and con- ring any Duty or ferred upon the Commissioners condituted by the said recited Acts, and divers Sums of Money for various Power on the

Purposes, and under different Conditions, were from time to time granted and provided to be employed and Commissioners expended towards the Discovery of the Longitude at Sea, and for divers Purposes in such Acts mentioned, JJ^tedAfts and for Rewards to such Persons as should ascertain the Longitude within certain Limits and Conditions JepUled.

therein specified 5 and for enabling the said Commissioners to cause a Survey to be made of the Shores of Great Britain and Ireland, and ascertaining the Latitude and Longitude of the Capes, Promontories, and Headlands thereof: And Whereas some of the Provisions of the said Acts have been repealed, and others thereof have expired; and it is expedient wholly to repeal the fame, for the Purpose of reenafting and conferring upon the new Commissioners such of the Powers, Authorities and Duties at present vested in the old Commissioners,

4 as are fit to be continued in Force; 9 Be it therefore enacted, That all and every Act, conferring any Duty,

Authority or Power on the Commissioners condituted by the said fird recited Acts, shall be ana are hereby repealed.

V. And Whereas the Longitude hath been ascertained within certain of the Limits and Conditions Commissioners specified in the said Acts: And Whereas certain other of the Limits and Conditions dill subsiding are 2*7 PrPofe

considered as impracticable, and have never been tried: And Whereas it may conduce to the Advancement of Science, and to the Honour and Intereds of this Country, that fit and proportionate Rewards should be fonssfcertaining provided for Persons who shall ascertain the Longitude within certain new Limits and Conditions: And the Longitude by Whereas it is expedient that such Limits and Conditions should not be immutably fixed by Act of Parlia- any Principle meat, but should be regulated on scientific Principles by the said Commissioners for the Discovery of the no* already Longitude, and should be varied from time to time according to the Progress of Discoveries and the made Pub 1C#

Advancement of Science* Be it enacted, That the said lad mentioned Commissioners shall from time to time, as they may fee proper, propose, by their Memorial to His Majesty in Council, to direct and establifit Three Scales of proportionate Rewards to be paid to any Person or Persons who shall by any Principle not already made public, ascertain the Longitude within Three corresponding Scales of Limit and Condition, such Rewards not exceeding the respective Sums of Five thousand Pounds, Seven thousand five hundred Pounds, and Ten thousand Pounds; and if His Majesty in Council shall be pleased to sanction and approve IfPropofalbe such Proposal, then that the same shall be published in the London Gazette, and that the said Commissioners approved by His shall have full Power and Authority to inquire into and examine all Proposals which may be made for finding Majesty in the Longitude; and if on reasonable Experiment, to be judged of and certified by the said Commissioners, it

shall be found that the Longitude hath been ascertained within any of the said Three Scales of Limit and pay thTpropor-Condition, agreeably to the said Order in Council, it shall be lawful to them to pay or cause to be paid the tionate Reward, proportionate Reward assigned to the Scale within which such Discovery or Experiment shall have ascertained the Longitude.

VI. And Whereas it is expedient that the said Commissioners should be enabled to expend certain Sams Commissioners towards making Experiments of Instruments, Modes or Proposals, and for making and publishing Observ- may expend ( ations. Calculations and Tables for ascertaining the Longitude, or towards improving or correcting such as 1000L a Year

may* have been already made, or for other Purposes useful to Navigation Be it enacted, That they mayn ?x" pay or expend any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding One thousand Pounds in any one Year, towards Penmenw» c* the making, correcting or publifiuBg any such Experiments, Modes, Observations, Calculations or Tables.

VII. And Whereas it is expedient that the said Commissioners should be enabled to cause to be afeer- And a like Sum tained, as accurately as may be, the Latitude and Longitude of Places whereof the exact Situation hath the*LaiirudT and ' not been already sufficiently afeertaihed; Be it enacted, That they may expend or cause to be expended Longitude of any Sum not exceeding in the whole One thousand Pounds in any one Year for such Purpose. Pisces.

VIII. And Whereas it may happen that Proposals, Inventions and Tables, or Corrections and Amend- Rewards may be ments of former Proposals, Inventions or Tables, ingenious in themselves and useful to Science, and which allowed to Per-

may deserve Encouragement, though they do not come within the Limits and Conditions specified for the fons mahing Imbefore mentioned Rewards, may be made to the said Commissioners; and it is expedient that they should be enabled to bellow such moderate Rewards upon the Person or Persons who may have made such' Proposal, tions.

58 Geo. III. 3 E 4 Invention

e

J8 G. 2. c. 17.

16 G. 3. c. 6.

repealed.

Reward for first finding and failing through any Passage betweeti the Atlantic and Pacific Oceana.

Reward for first approaching whhin One Degree of the Northern Pole.

Commissionera on San&ion of The King in Council may reward Attempts to approach the same.

a

Proceedings for ascertaining the Discoverers of such Northern Passage, and first Approachert to the Northern Pole.

C. 20. 58° GEORGII III. A.D. 1818.

Intention or Correction; Be it therefore enacted, That the said Commissioners may pay or cause to be paid such Sum, not exceeding Five hundred Pounds, to any one Person for any one Proposal or Invention, or Two thousand Pounds in one Year, as they may consider the said Proposals, Inventions, Tables or Corrections to deserve.

IX. And Whereas by an Act passed in the Eighteenth Year of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for giving a public Reward to such Person or Persons, being His Majesty's Subject or Subjects, as shall discover a North west Passage through Hudson's Streights to the Western and Southern

Oceans of America, a Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds was provided for the Owner or Owners of any Ship 1 or Vessel which should first find out and fail through such Passage; and the Persons holding certain Offices

therein named, for the time being, were appointed Coiftmissioners for the said Discovery: And Whereas by

an Act passed in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for giving a 4 public Reward to such Person or Persons, being His Majesty's Subject or Subjects, as shall discover a Northern

Passage for Vessels by Sea between the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans, and also unto such as shall first approach by Sea within One Degree of the Northern Pole; the Reward in the last recited Act was extended to the

Commander or Commanders, Officers and Seamen, of any of His Majesty's Ships or Vessels, and to the Owner or Owners of any private Ship or Vessel which should find out and fail through any Passage by Sea V between the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans, in any Direction or Parallel of the Northern Hemisphere to the North of the Fifty second Degree of North Latitude; and further aligning a Reward of Five thousand

Pounds to the Commander or Commanders, Officers and Seamen, of any of His Majesty, Ships or Vessels, or the Owner or Owners of any private Ship or Vessel which should first approach within One Degree of the Northern Pole; and appointing the Commissioners of the Longitude to be Commissioners for executing this last recited Act: And Whereas many Advantages, both to Commerce and Science, may be expected

from granting such proportionate Rewards as well to such Person or Persons as may accomplish the Object* 4 of the said Two last mentioned Aft8, as to such other Person or Persons as may approach thereto within certain Limits or Conditiohft: And Whereas it is expedient that the Regulation of such Limits and Conditions, and the Decision, whether and how far such Object may hare been accomplished, should be confided to

the Commissioners for the Discovery of the Longitude at Sea appointed by this Act j' Be it therefore enacted, That the said Two last recited Acts shall be and they are hereby repealed.

X. And be it further enacted, That if any Ship or Ships, Vessel or Vessels, belonging to any of His Majesty's Subjects, or to His Majesty, shall first find out and fail through any Passage by Sea, between the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans, in any Direction or Parallel of the Northern Hemisphere, the Owner or Owners of such Ship or Ships, Vessel or Vessels, if belonging to any of His Majesty's Subjects, or the Commander or Commanders, Officers, Seamen, and Marines of such Ships or Vessels, it belonging to His Majesty, so first finding out and failing through such Passage shall receive a Reward for such Discovery, of the Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds.

XI. And Whereas Ships employed both in the Spitvbergen Seas and in Davis9e Streights may have Op-

portunities of approaching the North Pole: And whereas Approaches towards the Northern Pole may

tend greatly to the Discovery of a Communication between the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans, as well as may ' be attended with many Advantages to Commerce and Science Be it therefore enacted, That if any Ship or Ships, Vessel or Vessels, shall approach within One Degree of the Northern Pole, the Owner of such Ship or Vessel, Ships or Vessels, if belonging to any of His Majesty's Subjects, or the Commander or Commanders, Officers, Seamen and Marines of any Ship or Ships, Vessel or Vessels, if belonging to His Majesty, so first approaching within One Degree of the Northern Pole, shall be entitled to receive a Reward of Five thousand Pounds.

XII. And for the Encouragement of Persons who may attempt the said Passage, or approach to the Northern Pole, but not wholly accomplish the fame $ be it enacted, That the said Commissioners for discovering the Longitude at Sea mar, by their Memorial, propose to His Majesty in Council to direct and establish proportionate Rewards to be paid to such Person as aforesaid who shall first have accomplished certain Proportions of the said Passage or Approach; and if His Majesty in Council shall be pleased to sanction and approve the said Proposal, then that the same shall be published in the London Gazette; and any Person or Persons accomplishing such PassageS, or the specified Proportion* of them, shall be entitled> oa the Award of the said Commissioners, to receive such total or proportionate Sums as may have been offered for the Object which he or they may have then accomplished.

XIII. And in order to ascertain who are the first Discoverers of the ffcid Northern Passage into the Pacific Ocean, and who are the first Approaches to within One Degree of the Northern Pole, and to whom either the whole Rewards or the proportionate Rewards by this Act frespectively given do belong 5' Be it further enacted, That the Commissioners for the Discovery of the Longitude by Sea be authorised aid empowered to call for the respective Journal or Journals, Book or Books and Papers, kept on board the respective Ship or Ships, Vessel or Vessels, of the Claimant or Claimants respectively 5 and also to examine upon Oath all such Persons as they the said Commissioners shall think proper, with regard to any Claim or Claims, as well any Person or Persons produced by the respective Claimant or Claimants, or any other Person or Persons who may seem capable of giving any Information 5 which Oath thfe said Commissioners are hereby empowered and required to administer; and the said Commissioners being fully satisfied, upon such Examination and Proof, that such Northern Passage is effectually discovered and failed through, or that such Approach within One Degree of the Northern Pole, or any specified Proportion of the said Passage or Approach, shall have been made and accomplished, they are hereby authorized to p&y bk* cause to be paid the said Rewards, w such

Proportion

A.D. 1818.

58° GEORGII III. C. 20.

395

Proportion of them ae the Claimant or Claimant* may under this Act, or under such Order in Council, be entitled to receive.

XIV. Provided always and be it further enacted, That if the said Rewards, or either of them, shall be Rewards claimed claimed by and adjudged to the Commander or Commanders, Officers, Seamen and Marines of any Ship or by Officers and Ships, Vessel or Vessels, belonging to His Majesty, the same shall be disposed in favour of and distributed Men of King's among such Commander or Commanders, Officers, Seamen and Marines, in such Proportions as shall be

directed by His Majesty in Council, and in no other manner. ri 1

XV. And be it further enacted, That the Executors, Administrators and Assigns of any Person or Per- Executors, itc.

fona to whom any Sum whatsoever shall be awarded by the Commissioners for the Discovery of the Longitude, nay receive the shall be entitled to receive the same in the Event of the Death of such Person or Persons. Reward.

XVI. And Whereas the Publication of the Nautical Almanack, constructed by proper Persons, under Commissioners

the Directions of the said Commissioners for the Discovery of the Longitude at Sea, is of great Importance ay c, [lfe NajJ"

to the Safety of Ships and Persons, and highly conducive to the general Interests of Commerce and Navi- t^bemsda

gation* Be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners to cause ancj published. such Nautical Almanacks or other useful Tables to be constructed, and to print, publish and vend, or cause

to be printed published and vended, any Nautical Almanack or Almanacks, or other useful Table or Tables, which they Audi from time to time judge necessary and useful, in order to facilitate the Method of discovering the Longitude at Sea; any Law, Statute, exclusive Privilege, private Charter or other Custom to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XVII. And be it enacted, That no Person or Persons shall print, publish or vend, or cause to be printed. Unauthorised published or vended, any Nautical Almanack or Almanacks, or other Table or Tables, constructed under the Persons publish-Direction of the said Commissioners, without being first licensed by the said Commissioners; and if any Person Naul{false or Persons not so licensed, or not being authorized by the Person or Persons so licensed by the said Commis-"* c* loners, shall print, publish or vend, or cause to , be printed, published or vended, any such Almanack or Almanacks, or other Table or Tables, every such Person or Persons shall, for every Copy of such Nautical Almanack or Table so printed, published or vended, forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds, to be re- Psndtyaol. covered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; and that One Moiety of such Penalty and Forfeiture shall be to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to'him or them that shall prosecute, inform and sue for the same.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Penalty or Forfeiture shall be sued, informed and pro- Penalties to be fecuted for by the Secretary of the said Commissioners of the Longitude for the time being, or by some other sued for bySe-Person or Persons authorized by the said Commissioners, and shall not be sued, informed , or prosecuted for by p*rfonS°auUio-any other Person or Persons whomsoever; and that such Suits, Prosecutions and Informations shall not abate rized°Com-by reason of the Death of such Prosecutors or any of them, but shall be continued in the case of a foie Plaintiff mirtioners of or Informer dying before Judgment obtained, in the Name of the Secretary of the said Commissioners for the Longitude, time being.

XIX. And be it further epaded, That no such Nautical Almanack or Almanacks, so published under the Nautical Alma-

Directions of the said Commissioners, shall be fubie& or liable to any Stamp Duty whatsoever. nack not liable to

XX. And be it further enacted, That there mall be annually paid to each of the Three last named Com- tap Dui!j*' utfffioners and their Successors, to be annually named according to the Provisions of this Act, such annual Sum Of

ns His Majesty by any Order in Council shall be pleased to direct. sioners.

XXI. And Whereas it is necessary to continue the Appointment of a Secretary, to the Board of Com- Secretary, Su-

missioners for discovering the Longitude: And Whereas it is highly expedient to the Interest of Navigation, perintendant of and the Honour of this Country, that - the said Nautical Almanack should be accurately computed, compared publishing Naur

and published, and that the Method of finding the Longitude by Timekeepers should also be encouraged, and tical Almanack

*hftt the Timekeepers belonging to His Majesty for the Use of his Ships of War should be carefully examined

' fund regulated* Be it further enacted, That (ome Person of competent Skill and Ability shall be nominated keepers, to be and appointed by the Lord High Admiral or Commissioners of the Admiralty to be Secretary to the said Board appointed, of Commissioners, and for, superin tending, under the Directions of the Board in general, and the Astronomer Royal in particular, the due and correct Publication of the Nautical Almanack, and for taking care of and regulating such Timekeepers as may be entrusted to his Care by the Lord High Admiral or Commissioners of the Admiralty.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the said Secretary shall hold his said Office during the Pleasure of Tenure of the Lord High Admiral or Commissioners of the Admiralty; and for his Trouble and Pains therein he shall Office and Salary receive such annual Salary as His Majesty by any Order in Council may please to direct; but if it shall so of Secretary, happen that a Person shall not be found competent to execute the Three several Duties of Secretary to the said

Board, and of superintending the Publication of the Nautical Almanack, and the Care and Regulation of Timekeepers, it shall be lawful to the said Commissioners topropose to His Majesty in Council to divide the fold The said Three Duties, and assign them to.several Persons, and to apportion to each Person such Part of the Salary established Duues may for the Performance of the united Duties as may leem to them fit and proportionate to the several Duty or d, v", ed*

Duties to be performed by such Person.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Salaries to the Thjoee annual Commissioners, and the said Secretary or Persons performing the last mentioned Duties, shall be annually placed on the Ordinary Estimste of the Navy.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That no Receipt of any Salary or Reward under this Act shall prevent Navy."

any Officer entitled to snyMilitaryor Naval Half Pay from receiving such Half Pay in Addition to any such proviso for Safety or Reward. Half Pay.

3 E 2 XXV. And

Salaries to be.included in the ordinary Estimate of the

Estimate of Expence to be prepared by Commissioners,&c.

Mode of payment of Monies paid under Authority of Act.

Certificate.

Quorum of Commissioners.

What Commissioners in particular are to be present.

Meetings of Commissioners.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners for discovering the Longitude at Sea shall, at the beginning of every Year, make an Estimate of the Sum or Sums which they shall deem to be necessary for executing the Purposes of this Act in such Year, which Estimate shall be transmitted to the Secretary of the Admiralty, and on being approved Or amended by the Lord High Admiral or Commissioners of the Admiralty, shall be placed on the Ordinary Estimate of the Navy.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That any Sum or Sums of Money to be paid under the Authority of this Act shall be paid, upon Certincates under the Hands and Seals of the Commissioners for the Discovery of the Longitude at Sea, to the Commissioners of the Navy for the time being; and the Commissioners of the Navy shall forthwith make out a Bill or Bills for the Sum or Sums contained in such Certificate or Certificates, payable by the Treasurer of the Navy, and such Sum or Sums of Money the said Treasurer of the Navy is hereby required to pay immediately to the Person or Persons mentioned in the said Certificate or Certificates, out of any Money which shall be in his Hands unapplied for the Use of the Navy: Provided always that all such Sums of Money as shall exceed the Sum of Five thou land Pounds shall be certified under the Hands and Seals of Two thirds at least of the said Commissioners, and all such Sums as shall exceed the Sum of One thousand Pounds shall be certified under the Hands and Seals of the major Part of them, and that all such Sums as shall not exceed One thousand Pounds shall be certified under the Hands and Seals of any Five or more of them; such Certificates being in every Case whatsoever signed by One at least of the following Commissioners; that is to say, the Lord High Treasurer of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or the First Commissioner of the Treasury, the Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland* or First Con*-missioner of the Admiralty, the Secretaries of the Treasury, and the Secretaries of the Admiralty.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That in any other respects where any Power or Authority is vested in the Commissioners under this Act, the fame may be exercised by any Five or more Commissioners at the Board assembled, in as full and ample a manner as if the whole Commissioners were then and there present r Provided always, that at every such Board one of the following Commissioners at the least shall be present; that is to say, the First or one other of the Commissioners, or One of the Secretaries of the Admiralty; and that also Three other of the following Commissioners at the least shall be present, that is to say, the rresident of the Royal Society, the Astronomer Royal, the Professors and Observer at the Two Universities, and the Three Commissioners annually elected and receiving Salaries as aforesaid.

XXVIII. And be it further ena&ea, That there shall be held at least Four dated Meetings of the said Commissioners within every Year, to be held on such Days as His Majesty by any Order in Council may appoint, and such other Meetings as from time to time may be necessary 5 of all of which Meetings due Notice shall be givect to the said Commissioners respectively.

So much of 49 G. 3. c. 63. at was continued by subsequent Acts retired and further continued till July i, 1819.

51 0.3. c. 69. revived, and further continued till July 5, 18x9*

CAP. XXI.

An Act to revive and continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, several Laws relating to the Duties on Glass made in Great Britain; and to prohibit the making of Smalts within a certain Distance of any other Glass House, or by the Maker of any other Kind of Glass.

[8th May 1818.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the Laws herein after mentioned should be revived and further continued Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of ao Act made in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for repealing the Duties on the Materials used in malting Spread Window Glass and Crown Glass* and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof; and for the better ColleSton of the said Duties; as was by another Act made in the Fifty first Year of the Reign aforesaid continued until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and twelve; and by another Act made in the Fifty second Year of the Reign aforesaid further continued to the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and thirteen; and by another Act made in the Fifty third Year of the Reign aforesaid further continued to the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and fourteen 5 and by another Act made in the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign aforesaid further continued to the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and fifteen; and by another Act made in the Fifty sixth Year of the Reign aforesaid revived from the said First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, and further continued to the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, shall be and the fame is hereby revived and further continued, and shall be, remain and continue in force from the said Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eighteen until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen 5 and that all and singular the Duties thereby imposed and made payable shall, from the said Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eighteen until the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, be payable, and be raised, levied, collected and paid, as directed in and by the said first recited Act so heretofore continued as aforesaid, as if the fame had never expired.

II. And be it further enacted, That an Act made in the Fifty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for repealing the Duty on the Materials used in making Flint and Phial Glass, and for granting* until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and twelve, other Duties in lieu thereof; and for continuing and amending an Act passed in the Forty ninth Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled '* An Act for repealing the Duties on the Materials used in making Spread Window Glass and Crown Glass,

and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof* and for the better Collection of the said Duties which was by an Act made in the Fifty second Year of the Reign aforesaid continued until the First Day of August One thousand

A.D. 1818. 58° GEORGII III. C. 2i} 22.

thousand eight hundred and thirteen; and by another A A made in the Fifty third Year of the Reign aforesaid further continued until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and fourteen; and by another A A made in the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign aforesaid further continued until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and fifteen; and by another A A made in the Fifty sixth Year of the Reign aforesaid, revived from the said First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, and further continued to the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eighteen; shall be and the fame is hereby revived and further continued, and shall be, remain and continue in force from the said Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eighteen until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen; and that all and singular the Duties thereby imposed and made payable shall, from the said Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, until the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, be payable, and be raised, levied, collected and paid, as direAea in and by the said Act, as if the fame had never expired.

III. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, no Person or Persons whatsoever, shall make, manufacture or keep, or ere A, set up, enter or make use of any House or Place whatsoever in Great Britain for the making, manufaAuring or keeping of a certain Glass called Smalts within the Distance of One Mile in a dire A Line from any House or Place which shall be entered or used for the making, manufaAuring or keeping of any other Glass; nor shall any Person or Persons whatsoever make, manufacture or keep, or ereA, set up, enter or use any House or Place whatsoever in Great Britain for making, manufaAuring or keeping any other Glass within the Distance of One Mile in a direct Line from any House or Place which shall be entered or used for making, manufaAuring or keeping the said Glass called Smalts; nor shall any Maker or ManufaAurer of Smalts make or manufacture any other Kind of Glass, on pain of forfeiting for every such Offence the Sum of Five hundred Pounds; and all and every Entries and Entry of any such House or Place so made use of for the making, manufaAuring or keeping of either Smalts or other Glass contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, shall be null and void to all Intents and Purposet whatsoever.

IV. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be amended, altered or repealed by any Act or Acts to be passed in this present Session of Parliament.

Cap. xxii.

An Act for fixing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers, and others on quartering Soldiers.

[8 th May 1818.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, '< W and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, it is enacted, that Officers and Soldiers

shall be furnished with Diet and Small Beer upon paying and allowing for the fame the several Rates that

are or shall be established by any Act or Acts of Parliament; and an Option is given to Innholders and < others upon whom Officers and Soldiers are quartered and billetted, to furnish certain Articles gratis in

lieu of Diet and Small Beer; and it is just and expedient that an adequate Allowance shall be made and

established for Provision and other Articles furnished to Officers and Soldiers i* May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted 5 and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That every Non Commissioned Officer and Private Soldier who shall be furnished with Diet and Small Beer, within those Parts of the United Kingdom specified in the said recited Act, by the Innholders or other Persons on whom such Non Commissioned Officers or Private Soldiers shall be quartered and billetted by virtue of the said Act, shall pay and allow for the fame the Sum of One Shilling and Two pence ter Diem; and that for such Allowance of One Shilling and Two pence the Innholder or other Person shall furnifti One Meal; videlicet, a hot Dinner, if required, in each Day to each Non Commissioned Officer, Trumpeter, Drummer and Private Soldier quartered and billetted on him, to consist of such Quantities of Diet and Small Beer as have been or shall be specified and fixed in and by any Regulations nude or to be made from time to time by His Majesty in that behalf, but not to exceed One Pound and a Quarter of Meat previous to being dressed, One Pound of Bread, One Pound of Potatoes or other Vegetables previous to being cooked, and Two Pints of Small Beer, and Vinegar, Salt and Pepper; and that the Accounts of the same shall be rendered, and Payment thereof made, in like manner as is directed by the said Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Sum to be paid to the Innholder or other Person within the aforesaid Parts of the United Kingdom on whom any of the Horses belonging to His Majesty's Forces shall be quartered by virtue of the said Act, for Hay and Straw, shall be One Shilling per Diem.

[This Act is the same as 57 G. 3. c. 78. incept as to Dates and the Sessions that are here retained*]

397

Persons having Places for making or keeping Smalts within the Distance of a Mile from any entered House for keeping other Glaft,

Penalty 50A.

AA may be altered, Sec. this Session.

Allowances for the Diet of Non Commissioned Officers and Soldiers, is. ad. per Day.

For Horses quartered is. per Day to be paid for Hay and Straw.

A.D. 1818.

Subscribew of not less thin aood. 3 per Cent. Consols or Reduced Annuities, with Payment of ill. for every 100L Annuities, entitled to iool. in An* nulties at the Rate of 3j per Cent charged upon Consolidated Fund.

The Payments of xiL not to exceed

3, 000, 0001.

Subscribers having transferred 15L per Cent, to Commissioners of National Debt by May 4>

shall transfer the remaining 85l. per Cent, by Nov.7, 1018.

Times of Payment of the said III. per Cent.

Allowance for Payment of the whole Money in advance by the 4th Feb. 1819.

a 23. 58° GEORGII III.

Cap. xxiii.

An Act for raiGng the Sum of Three Millions, by the Transfer of certain Three Pounds per Centum Annuities into other Annuities, at the Rate of Three Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum; and for granting Annuities to discharge certain Exchequer Bills. £8th May 1818.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

TT7E» Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, being desirous to raise the necessary Supplies which wc < have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this Session of Parliament, and being desirous also of making Provision to satisfy the principal Sums contained in certain Exchequer Bills now outstandingDo these-fore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefctit Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That every Person and Body Politic and Corporate who shall, on or before the Twenty fourth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, have subscribed his or their Name or Names in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for the Purpose of converting not less than Two thousand Pounds Capital Stock in the Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Annuities, into Annuities at the Rate of Three Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum per Annum, shall, upon the Transfer of such Three Pounds per Centum Annuities to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, and upon Payment to the Chief Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England\ at the time* hereafter mentioned, of the Sum of Eleven Pounds in Money for every One hundred Pounds of the said Annuities, be entitled to One hundred Pounds in Annuities after the Rate of Three Pounds Ten Shillings ter Centum per Annum; which Annuities shall he charged upon the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and shall be payable Half Yearly at the Bank of England on the Fifth Day of April and the Tenth Day of Qdober in every Year, and shall be transferable in the Rooks of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the whole of the Money to arise from the Payment of Eleven Pounds on each One hundred Pounds Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Reduced Annuities, subscribed to be transferred as aforesaid, shall not exceed the Sum of Three Millions.

III. And be it further enacted, That every Person and Body Politic and Corporate having subscribed such Annuities, and having transferred Fifteen Pounds per Centum thereof to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, on or before the Fourth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, shall transfer or cause to be transferred, on his or their behalf, the remaining Eighty five Pounds per Centum on or before the Twenty seventh Day of November One thousand eight hundred and eighteen; and the Accountant General of the Bank of England, or his Deputy or Deputies, shall grant a Certificate or Certificates in Writing to every Subscriber who shall under the Provisions of this Act transfer any Three Pounds per Centum Annuities to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, and which Certificate or Certificates shall be assignable by Indorsement thereon in the manner and within the time herein after mentioned.

IV. And be it further enacted, That every Person and Body Politic and Corporate having subscribed as aforesaid, and having made a Deposit with the Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England (which Cashier or Cashiers is and are hereby appointed the Receiver and Receivers of such Contributions, without any other Warrant to he had in that behalf, ) of One Pound upon every One hundred Pounds Three Pounds per Centum Annuities subscribed to be transferred, shall advance and pay, or cause to he advanced and paid, unto the said Cashier or Cashiers, the several Remainders of the Sums by them respectively subscribed towards the said Sum of Three Millions, at or before the respective Days and times and in the Proportions bereiBafter limited and appointed in that behalf; that is to say, the further Sum of One Pound on or before the Nineteenth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eighteen; the further Sum of One Pound on or before the Twenty fourth Day of July then next following s the further Sum of One Pound on or before the Seventh Day of August then next following j the further Sum of One Pound of or before the Fourth Day of September then next following; the further Sum of One Pound on or before the Sixteenth Day of O&rber then next following; the further Sum of One Ppund on or before the Thirteenth Day of November then ne?t following 5 the further Sum of One Pound on or before the Fourth Day of December then next following 5 the further Sum of One Pound on or before the Fifteenth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and nineteen; the further Sum of One Pound on or before the Fifth Day of February then next following \ a$d the remaining Sum of One Pound on or before the Fifth Day of March then next following.

V. And be it further enacted, That every Person and Body Politic and Corporate lo subscribing and paying the whole of the Sums of Money by them respectively subscribed, in respect of the said Annuities to be transferred to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt as aforesaid, at any time on or before the Fourth Day of February One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, shall be entitled to an Allowance of so much Money as the Interest of each Sum so paid in advance for completing his or their Sub* feription respectively shall amount unto after the Rate of Two Pounds per Centum per Annvmf to be computed from the Day of completing the same to the Fifth Day of Marco One thousand eight hundred and nineteen 5 which Allowance is to be paid by the said Cashier or Cashiers out of the Money to be raised in pursuance of this Act, as soon as such respective Subscribers, their Executors, Administrators, Successors and AffigD8 shall have completed such Payments.

H* VI. And

A.D. 1818. s8° GEORGII III. C. 23.

VI. And be it further enacted, That every Person and Body Politic and Corporate who shall, on or before the Second Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eighteen have transferred, or have caused to be transferred as aforesaid, to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, the Whole of the Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Reduced Annuities subscribed by him or them, shall be entitled to the principal Sum of Eighty eight Pounds in Annuities, at the Rate of Three Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum for every One hundred Poruods Three Pounds per Centum Annuities so transferred; and such Annuity at the Rate of Three Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum shall commence from the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, and the first Payment of such Annuity to be made on the Tenth Day of 08ober One thousand eight hundred and eighteen; and every Person and Body Politic and Corporate who shall, after the Second Day of June, and on or before the Twenty seventh Day of November One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, have transferred, or have caused to be transferred as aforesaid, to the Account of the said Commissioners, the Whole of the Three PoundsOrr Centum Consolidated or Reduced Annuities subscribed by him, shall be entitled to the principal Sum of Eighty eight Pounds in Annuities, at the Rate of Three Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum for every One Hundred Pounds of Three Pounds per Centum Annuities so transferred; such Annuities at the Rate of Three Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum to commence from the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, and the First Payment of such Annuity to be made on the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and nineteen; and every Person and Body Politic and Corporate who shall, on or before the Fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, have paid to the Chief Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England the Sum of Eleven Pounds in Money for every One hundred Pounds of Three Pounds per Centum Annuities subscribed by him or them, shall be entitled to the further principal Sum of Twelve Pounds in Annuities, at the Rate of Three Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum for every Sum of Eleven Pounds so paid; such Annuities to commence from the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, and the First Payment of such Annuity to be made on the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, if the Payment shall be completed on or before the Seventh Day of that Month, and on the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, if the Payment of the Amount subscribed shall not be completed until after the said Seventh Day of October; and such Annuities at the Rate of Three Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum per Annum shall not be reduced, nor shall the principal Sum of such Annuities be paid off, at any time before the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and twenty nine.

VII. And be it further enacted, That every Person and Body P<3itic and Corporate, having completed the Transfer to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt of the whole of the Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Annuities subscribed by him or them, shall be entitled to a Dividend or Interest at the Rate of Fifteen Shillings for every principal Sum of One hundred Pounds in such Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Annuities which may have been so transferred; and such Dividend or Interest shall be paid at the Bank of England on the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, provided the whole of the Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Annuities subscribed by such Person or Body Politic or Corporate shall be transferred to the said Commissioners on or before the Second Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, or on the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, provided the whole of the Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Annuities subscribed by such Person or Body Politic or Corporate shall be transferred to the said Commissioners after the Second Day of June, and on or before the Twenty seventh Day of November One thousand eight hundred and eighteen; and after Payment of the said Dividend or Interest, the whole of the said Consolidated and Re-duced Annuities which may be transferred to the said Commissioners, shall be respectively cancelled, and the Interest or Dividends which would have been payable thereon shall from thenceforth respectively cease to be issued from the Receipt of the Exchequer, or to be charged upon the Consolidated Fund; and the Money which would have been applicable to the Payment thereof shall remain and be a Part of the growing Produce of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland*

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, and they are hereby authorized and required, to purchase the said Annuities after the Rate of Three Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum created by this Act, in the Proportion of at lead One Pound per Centum per Annum on the Capital to be created, whenever the principal Sum of One hundred Pounds of such Annuities can be purchased for less than One hundred Pounds in Money.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners, for the Reduction of the National Debt, and they are hereby empowered and required, to accept and receive Three Pounds and Ten Shillings per Centum Bank Annuities as the Consideration for the Purchase of Life Annuities; and for the Purpose of ascertaining the Price of such Stock or Annuities, the Caftiier or Cashiers of the Bank of England (half and they are hereby required, on every Day on which any of the said Annuities shall have been bought at the Bank of England, to cause an Account to be made out of the Average Price thereof, according to the Regulations prescribed by any Act or Acts now in force for ascertaining the Average Price of Three Pounds per Centum Bank Annuities, for enabling the Purchase of Life Annuities; which said Account shall he transmitted to the Officer appointed by the said Commissioners, to enable him to afeertan the respective Amounts of the like Annuities which may be purchased by the Transfer of such Three Pounds and Ten Shillings per Centum Bank Annuities as aforesaid.

X. And be it further enacted, That when any Three Pounds and Ten Shillings per Centum Bank Annuities shall be transferred to the said Commissioners for the Purchase of Life Annuities, that such Three Pounds and Ten Shillings per Centum Bank Annuities shall be first converted, by the Computation of the said Officer* into Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities (at the Option of the Purchaser),

399

Persons making Transfers of the Stock subscribed before certain Periods, entitled to 88L in the Annuities of 3$ per Cent, for every look 3L per Cent Annuities (b transferred, to commence at the times herein mentioned.

Annuities of 3, per Cent, not to be reduced nor paid off before -5th April 1819.

Persons completing their Transfer of the 3 per Cent. Consols by a certain time, enr titled to a Dividend of 1 js. per Cent.

Provided the whole of the 3 per Cent Con-l'ols transferred after fld June, and by 27th Nov. 1818.

In what case and Proportion Commissioners of National Debt may purchase 3* per Cent. Annuities.

3} per Cent. Annuities may be taken by the Commissioners for the Purchase of Life Annuities;

and on Transfer thereof converted into 3 per Cents.

4oo

C. 23.

58° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1818.

How the Life Annuities to bq calculated and ascertained.

chafer I, according to the Average Price of those Stocks, to be ascertained as hereinbefore directed; and the Life Annuities to be granted thereon shall be calculated and ascertained upon the Amount of Three Pounds per Centum Bank Annuities, including Fractions (if any) produced by such Conversion, according to the rrovisions, Rules and Regulations prescribed by any Act or Acts now in force enabling the said Commissioners to grant Life Annuities.

XI. And be it further enacted, That every Subscriber or Subscribers who has or have paid a Deposit of One Pound per Centum at the Bank of England upon the Subscription to a new Stock of Three Pounds and Ten Shillings per Centum, shall and may, either in his, her or their own Name or Names, or in the Name or Names of any other Person or Persons on his or their behalf, be at liberty to transfer into the Names of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt the Deposit of Fifteen Pounds per Centum Three Pounds per Centum Annuities upon the Amount of every Subscription.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the said Annuities at the Rate of Three Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum created by this Act shall, under the Provisions of an Act made in the Fifty seventh Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to permit the Transfer of Capital from certain Publick Stocks or Funds in Great Britain to certain Publick Stocks or Funds in Ireland, be transferable into Annuities at the Rate of Three Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum, payable and transferable at the Bank of Ireland; and every Person and Body Politic and Corporate transferring such Annuities payable at the Bank of England shall be entitled, for every One hundred Pounds so transferred, to the Principal Sum of One hundred and eight Pounds Six Shillings and Eight pence in Annuities at the Rate of Three Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum, payable at the Bank of Ireland; and the First Dividend to be paid at the Bank of Ireland shall be computed from the Fifth Day of April or Tenth Day of October next preceding the Day on which the Transfer mall be made to the fame ftull be en- Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt at the Bank of England, and shall be paid on the Fifth tided for every J)ay of January or Fifth Day of July next Succeeding the Day on which such Annuities shall be written into the Books of the Bank of Ireland in the Name or Names of the Party or Parties Specified in such Certificate. [&* Cap. 80. pofl^\

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England who shall have received or shall receive any Part of the Sums subscribed under this Act, shall give a Receipt or Receipts in Writing to every such Subscriber for all such Sums: Provided always, that such Cashier or Cashiers shall give Security to the good Liking of any Three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or the High Treasurer of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for the time being, for duly answering and paying into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer in Great Britain, as after mentioned, for the public Use, all the Monies which they have already received and shall hereafter receive from time to time under the Provisions of this Act, and for accounting duly for the fame, and for Performance of the Trust hereby in him or them reposed 5 and shall from time to time pay all such Monies, as Soon as he or they shall receive the same or any Part thereof, or within Five Days afterwards at the furthest, into and shall account for the fame in the Exchequer of Great Britain, according to the due Course thereof, deducting thereout such Sums as shall have been paid by him or them in pursuance of this Act, for which Sums so paid Allowance shall be made in his or their accounts.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That every Person and Body Politic and Corporate who shall, on or before the Twenty fourth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, have subscribed his Name in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for transferring to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt Three Pounds per Centum Annuities for other Annuities at the Rate of Three Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum, shall be at Liberty to subscribe his Name, or the Name or Style of the Body Politic or Corporate, in the Books of the said Governor and Company, on the Twenty eighth or Twenty ninth Days of April, or on the Second Day of May One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, for converting into Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated and Reduced Annuities, upon the Terms and Conditions herein after mentioned, any Exchequer Bills already issued or which may be issued before the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, and which may not have been advertised to be paid off, and the Interest thereon have ceased before the respective Days of Payment herein after specified, to an Amount not exceeding One hundred Pounds in Exchequer Bills for every One hundred Pounds of Stock subscribed, to be so transferred to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt as aforesaid 2 Provided always, that every such Person and Body Politic and Corporate shall, at the time of so subscribing as aforesaid, make a Deposit in Money or in Exchequer Bills with the Chief Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, equal to Five Pounds per Centum at least on the Amount of Exchequer Bills io subscribed, as a Security for delivering into the Office of the Paymasters of Exchequer Bills the Amount of Exchequer Bills so subscribed, in manner and at the times following; that is to say, the Sum of Fifteen Pounds per Centum upon the whole Amount of Exchequer Bills subscribed on or before the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and eighteen; the further Sum of Ten Pounds on or before the Third Day of September then next following 5 the further Sum of Twenty Pounds on or before the Sixteenth Day of October then next following; the further Sum of Ten Pounds on or before the Twenty seventh Day of November then next following; the further Sum of Ten Pounds on or before the Eleventh Day of December then next following 5 the further Sum of Ten Pounds on or before the Fifteenth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and nineteen; and the Remainder of such Amount on or before the

Deposit returned Nineteenth Day of February One thousand eight hundred and nineteen; and that whenever such Deposit as or taken into aforesaid shall have been made at the Bank in Money as aforesaid, the Paymasters of Exchequer Bills shall, so soon as any such Person or Body Politic or Corporate so subscribing as aforesaid shall have brought in Exchequer Bills to the whole Amount of such Subscription, return to such Person or Body Politic or Cor-

13* porate

Subscriber* making Deposit of i per Cent, may transfer to Commissioners 15 per Cent. 3 per Cent. Annuities on the Amount of Subscription.

The per Cent. Annuities shall, under J7G-3- c-79-be transferable at the Bank of Ireland; and the Persons transferring the

100L to 108L 6a. 8d. in Annuities at the Rate of 3-J per Cent.

Cashiers of the Bank of England to give Receipts to Subscribers; and Security to the Treasury of G. B. and I. Money to be accounted for in the Exchequer of G. B.

Subscriptions may be made in Exchequer Bills in manner herein mentioned.

Proviso for making Deposit by such Subscriber.

Times of delivering in Exchequer Bills.

Account.

A.D. 1818.

58° GEORGII III. C. 23.

porate lb subscribing the Amount of such Deposit, or such Deposit may be taken into Account as a Part Payment of the Subscription of such Person or Body Politic or Corporate.

XV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Guardian or Trustee having the DispoGtion of any Three Pounds per Centum Annuities, and of any Money, or of any Exchequer Bills of any Infant, to transfer such Annuities, and to pay such Money, and deliver in such Exchequer Bills in manner aforesaid; and such Infant, upon the Transfer of the Annuities, and Payment of the Sum or Sums of Money, or Delivery of Exchequer Bills subscribed by such Guardian or Trustee, shall be entitled to have and receive the Annuities, Advantages and Payments in respect thereof, in such and the like manner as any other Subscriber; and the said Guardian and Trustee, as to the said Annuities transferred, and Sum or Sums so advanced, or Exchequer Bills delivered in, is hereby discharged, so as the Name of such Infant be expressed in such Transfer, and in the Receipt or Receipts for such Money or Exchequer Bills.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Body Politic or Corporate, who shall have subscribed any Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Reduced Annuities, to be transferred to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt under the Provisions of this Act, and who shall have paid the Deposit of One Pound in respect of each One hundred Pounds subscribed to be transferred, and shall also have transferred Fifteen Pounds ter Centum thereon to the said Commissioners, by any Instrument under their Common Seal, to be lodged with the Chief Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, to direct any Person or Persons to subscribe his or their Name or Names for the Purpose of funding any Exchequer Bills; and the Certificate or Certificates to be granted by the Paymasters of Exchequer Bills shall be made out in the Name of such Person or Persons, and shall be amgnable by him or them in the same manner as if the Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Reduced Annuities, in respect of which, such Exchequer Bills were subscribed to be funded, had been subscribed by such Person or Persons in his or their own Name or Names.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That every Person and Body Politic and Corporate who shall have made a Deposit at the Bank of England to the Amount of Five Pounds per Centum on the Exchequer Bills subscribed by such Person or Body, shall receive from the Paymasters of Exchequer Bills a Certificate or Certificates, upon which a Receipt for the Deposit made at the Bank of England shall be written; and such Certificate or such Certificates shall be carried to the Office of the Paymasters of Exchequer Bills at the time of making every future Payment, the Receipt for which shall be written thereon; and when the whole Amount of Exchequer Bills expressed in such Certificate or Certificates shall have been acknowledged to have been received by the Paymasters of Exchequer Bills, such Certificate or Certificates being carried into the Bank of England^ and lodged with the Governor and Company of the said Bank, shall entitle the Persons or Bodies Politic or Corporate respectively holding the fame, for every One hundred Pounds principal Money, contained therein, to Sixty four Pounds Capital Stock in the Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Annuities, the Interest whereon shall commence from the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, and the First Payment thereon to be made on the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, if the Certificate or Certificates before mentioned mall have been lodged with the Governor and Company of the said Bank on or before the Second Day of January One thousand eight hundred and nineteen; and if such Certificate or Certificates shall not be so lodged until after the said Second Day of January One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, the First Payment shall not be made until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen $ and also to Sixty four Pounds Capital Stock in Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Annuities, the Interest whereon shall commence from the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, and the First Payment thereon to be made on the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, if the Certificate or Certificates before mentioned shall have been lodged with the Governor and Company of the Bank on or before the Seventh Day of October One thousand eight hundred and eighteen; but if such Certificate or Certificates shall not be so lodged until after the said Seventh Day of October One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, the First Payment upon such Amount of Reduced Annuities shall not be made until the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and nineteen $ and the said Paymasters of Exchequer Bills are hereby authorized and required to deliver to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England the Cheques or Counterfoils of such Certificates.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Interest on all Exchequer Bills which shall be deposited at the Bank of England, or which may be carried into the Office of the Paymasters of Exchequer Bills as aforesaid, shall be computed up to the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and eighteen inclusive, from which time the same shall cease; and the Interest which may be due on such Bills, from the Day of their Date up to the said First Day of August) shall be paid by the said Paymasters as soon as conveniently may be after the said Bills shall have been deposited, or delivered in to the Person or Persons by whom the Deposit was made, or by whom the Bills were carried in.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That every such Subscriber as aforesaid who shall be desirous of makings up any Part of his Subscription in Money instead of Exchequer Bills, shall be at liberty to do so, upon paying* the fame into the Bank of England to the Account of the Paymasters of Exchequer Bills, together with a Sum equal to One Pound per Centum upon such Money Payment; and also, if such Payment should be made after the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, a further Sum equal to Two Pence per Centum per Diem on the Amount of such Payment in Money, to be computed from the said First Day of August up to the Day of the actual Payment thereof 5 and the Paymasters of Exchequer Bills shall, upon the Payment to their Account being duly certified to them, grant a Receipt on such Certificate as aforesaid for such Payment, in the same manner as if Exchequer Bills to such Amount had been brought into their Office; and the said Paymasters of Exchequer Bills shall and they are hereby required within Five Days after they shall be apprized of the Payment of the said Money to their Account at the Bank of England) pay the same into

58 Geo. III. 3 F the

401

Guardians or Trustees may

subscribe for Infants.

Bodies Politic having paid De-posits, &c. may authorise Persons to subscribe their Names for the Purpol'e of funding Exchequer Bills.

Certificates given by Pay-mastert, expref-sing that the Whole of the Exchequer Bills have been received, being lodged at the Bank of England, Persons holding the same shall be entitled, for every tool, contained therein, to 64L 3 per Cent. Consols. and 64l. 3 per Cent. Reduced Annuities.

Paymasters to deliver Cheques of Certificates to the Bank of England.

Interest on such Exchequer BiDs shall be computed and paid to Aug. inclusive.

SuWcriWri may make up their Subscription in Money instead of Exchequer Bills.

Paymasters to grant a Receipt;

and pay into the Exchequer of G. B.

Exchequer Bills shall be received at the proper Office, and cancelled, and the Interest paid.

Time of Payment of the Annuities granted in lieu of Exchequer Bills.

Persons entitled to have sure Estate in Annuities.

Receipts or Certificates shall be sflignable by Indorsement, made in the manner and at the Times herein mentioned.

No Stamp Duty.

Annuities to be entered in Books of the Bank of England, and be transferable.

Bank of England to prepare Books.

Subscribers completing their Subscription before July*,

1818, the Dividend on the 3 per Cent. Con-fols Stock shall be paid Jan. 5,

1819.

If Residue of Subscription be uot made good, ' the Payments that have been made shall be forfeited.

C. 23. 58° GEORGII III. A.D. 1818.

the Exchequer of Great Britain, and shall account for the fame in the Exchequer according to the due Courfo thereof.

XX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the proper Officer or Officers at the Office of the Paymasters of Exchequer Bills for the time being, to take in and receive from all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, who is, are or shall be possessed of, interested in or entitled unto any such Exchequer Bills so subscribed as aforesaid, all the said Exchequer Bills, to such Amount as aforesaid, which any such Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, shall have so subscribed, according to the Provisions of this Act; and the said Paymasters of Exchequer Bills are hereby authorized and required, upon Receipt of any such Bills, to mark and cancel the fame, and to pay the Interest thereupon, according to the Provisions of this Act.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, who shall have delivered any such Exchequer Bill or Bills as aforesaid, Upon producing such Certificates as are hereby directed to be made forth by the said Paymasters of Exchequer Bills, in lieu of the principal Sums contained in such Bill or Bills, shall for every Sum of One Hundred Pounds contained therein, and so in proportion for any greater Sum, have and be entitled to the Capital Stock in Annuities hereinbefore mentioned, which shall be in lieu of such Exchequer Bills; and the Annuities thereon shall be respectively payable Half yearly at the Bank of England in manner following; the said Consolidated Annuities on the Fifth Day of July and the Fifth Day of January, and the said Reduced Annuities on the Fifth Day of April and Tenth Day of 0Sober respectively in every Year; and that all Persons and Bodies Politic or Corporate entitled to any such Annuity or Annuities aforesaid, and his and their Executors, Administrators, Successors and Assigns respectively, and ail Persons and Bodies Politic or Corporate lawfully Claiming under him or them, shall have good, sure, absolute and indefeasible Estates and Interests in the said Annuities, according to the true Tenor and Meaning of this Act, until the Redemption thereof in the Manner herein directed.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That all Receipts by the Chief Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, or Certificates by the Accountant General of the Bank of England, or his Deputy or Deputies, or by the Paymasters of Exchequer Bills, which shall he delivered under and by virtue of this Act, in respect of any such Transfers or Payments as aforesaid, shall be assignable by Indorsement thereupon, provided such Indorsement is made upon any Receiptor Receipts granted by the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England on or before the Fifth Day of February One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, and upon any Certificate or Certificates, Receipt or Receipts, granted by the Accountant General of the Bank of England\ or his Deputy or Deputies, or the Paymasters of Exchequer Bills, at any time before the Nineteenth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, and no longer; and no such Receipt, Certificate or Assignment thereupon, shall be charged with any Stamp Duties whatever.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That as soon as any Subscribers, their Executors, Administrators and Assigns, shall have completed their Payments and Transfers as aforesaid under and according to the Provisions of this Act, and the Certificates granted by the Paymasters of Exchequer Bills shall be lodged with the* Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and which they are hereby authorized and required to take in and receive, the respective principal Sums or Annuities in respect of which such Payments and Transfers shall have been made as aforesaid, shall forthwith be, in the Books of the Bank of England, placed to the Credit of such respective Subscribers, their Executors, Administrators, Successors and Assigns, completing such Transfers or Payments; and the Persons to whose Credit such principal Sums shall he so placed, their respective Executors, Administrators, Successors and Assigns shall and may have power to assign and transfer tire fame, or any Part, Share or Proportion thereof, to any other Person, Body Politic or Corporate whatsoever, in the Books of the Bank of England; and the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England are hereby required, as soon as conveniently may be after the passing of this Act, to prepare proper Books for the Purpose of entering , the Names of all such Subscribefs, and of placing to their Credit the principal Sums to which they may be respectively entitled under the Provisions of this Act; and all such principal Sums respectively shall be taken and deemed to be Stock transferable according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, until Redemption thereof, in such manner as is herein after mentioned.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Subscriber or Subscribers shall have completed his or their Subscription, and shall have lodged the Certificate or Certificates thereof with the Governor and Company of the Bank of England on or before the Second Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, by which the Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Annuities created by this Act would become transferable in the Books of the said Governor and Company, or the Dividend or Interest which may become due thereon on the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, shall belong to and shall be paid on the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and nineteen to the Person or Persons, Body Politic or Corporate, in whose Name or Names such Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Annuities shall have been (landing in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England on the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eighteen: Provided always, that in case any such Subscribers who shall have transferred any Three Pounds per Centum Annuities to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, or who shall have already deposited with or shall hereafter pay to the said Cashier or Cashiers any Sum or Sums of Money or Exchequer Bills, or carrry into the Office of the Paymasters of Exchequer Bills any Exchequer Bills, at the times and in the manner hereinbefore mentioned, in part of the Sum or Sums so by them respectively subscribed, or their respective Executors, Administrators, Successors or Assigns, shall not transfer to the said Commissioners, or advance and pay to the said Cashier or Cashiers, or carry into the Office of the Paymasters of Exchequer Bills, the Residue of the Three Pounds per Centum Annuities, Money or Exchequer Bills subscribed, at the times and id the manner before mentioned, then and

A.D. 1818.

58° GEORGII III. C. 23.

in every such Case To much of the respective Annuities, Money or Exchequer Bills so subscribed, as shall have been actually transferred, paid or delivered in part thereof as aforesaid, shall be forfeited for the Benefit of the Public, and all Right and Title to the said Annuities in respect thereof shall be extinguished; any thing in this Act contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That in the Office of the Accountant General of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England for the Time being, a Book or Books shall be provided and kept, in which the Names of the Subscribers shall be fairly entered; which Book or Books the said respective Subscribers, their respective Executors, Administrators, Successors and Assigns, shall and may from time to time, and at all seasonable times, resort to and inspect, without any Fee or Charge; and that the said Accountant General shall, on or before the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, transmit an attested Duplicate, fairly written on Paper, of the said Book or Books, into the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer of Great Britain, there to remain for ever.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That Books shall be constantly kept by the said Accountant General for the time being, wherein all Alignments or Transfers of all Annuities created under the Provisions of this Act shall be entered and registered; which Entry shall be conceived in proper Words for that Purpose, and shall be signed by the Parties making such Alignments or Transfers, or if such Parties be absent, by their respective Attorney or Attornies thereunto lawfully authorized, in Writing under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, to be attested by Two or more credible Witnesses; and that the Several Persons to whom such Transfers shall be made may respectively underwrite their Acceptance thereof 5 and that no other Method of aligning and transferring the said Annuities, or any Part thereof, or any Interest therein, shall be good or available in Law: Provided always, that all Persons possessed of any Share or Interest in the said Annuities, or any Estate or Interest therein, may devise the fame by Will in Writing, attested by Two or more credible Witnesses; but that no Payment shall be made upon any such Devise, until so much of the said Will as relates to such Share, Estate or Interest in the said Annuities, be entered in the said Office 5 and that, in default of such Transfer or Devise, such Share, Estate or Interest in the said Annuities shall go to the Executors, Administrators, Successors and Assigns; and that no Stamp Duties whatsoever shall be charged on any of the said Transfers; any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who shall be entitled to any of the Annuities hereby granted, and all Persons lawfully claiming under them, shall be possessed thereof as of a Personal Estate, which shall not be descendible to Heirs, nor liable to any foreign Attachment, by the Custom of London or otherwise; any Law, Statute or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That such Subscribers duly transferring or paying or delivering in the whole Amount so subscribed at or before the respective times in this Act limited in that behalf, and their respective Executors, Administrators, Successors and Assigns, shall have, receive and enjoy, and be entitled by virtue of this Act to have, receive and enjoy the said Annuities by this Act granted in respect of the Amount so subscribed, and shall have good and sure Interests and Estates therein, according to the several Provisions in this Act contained; and that the said Annuities shall be free from all Taxes, Charges and Impo-fition8 whatsoever.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That at any time after the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and twenty nine, and not sooner, upon Six Months Notice to be printed in the London Gazette, and 'affixed upon the Royal Exchange in London, by Authority of Parliament, and upon Repayment by Parliament of the whole of the said Annuities after the Rate of Three Pounds and Ten Shillings per Centum per Annum, or any Part thereof, by Payments not less than Five hundred thousand Pounds at one Time, in such manner as shall be directed by any future Act or Acts of Parliament in that behalf, and also upon full Payment of all Arrearages of the said Annuities, then, and not till then, such and so much of the said Annuities, after the Rate of Three Pounds and Ten Shillings per Centum per Annum, as shall be attending on the principal Sum or Sums so paid off, shall cease and determine, and be understood to be redeemed; and that any Vote or Resolution of the House of Commons, signified by the Speaker in Writing, to be inserted in the London Gazette, and affixed on the Royal Exchange in London as aforesaid, shall be deemed and adjudged to be sufficient Notice within the Words and Meaning of this Act.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That all the Consolidated Annuities after the Rate of Three Pounds per Centum per Annum which shall be created under the Provisions of this Act, shall, after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, be added to the Joint Stock of Annuities transferable at the Bank of England, into which the several Sums, carrying an Interest after the Rate of Three Pounds per Centum per Annum, were, by several Acts made in the Twenty fifth. Twenty eighth, Twenty ninth, Thirty second, and Thirty third Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and by several subsequent Acts, consolidated, and shall be deemed Part of the said joint Stock of Annuities, subject nevertheless to Redemption Dy Parliament in such manner and upon stich Notice as, in the said Act made in the Twenty fifth Year of His said late Majesty's Reign is directed in respect of the several and respective Annuities redeemable by virtue of the said Act 5 and that all and every Person and Persons and Corporation whatsoever, in proportion to the Money to which he or they shall become entitled as aforesaid by virtue of this Act, shall have and be deemed to have a proportional Interest and Share in the said joint Stock of Annuities at the Rates aforesaid.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That all the Reduced Annuities after the Rate of Three Pounds per Centum, created under the Provisions of this Act, shall be added to the Joint Stock of Annuities transferable at the Bank of England, which, by an Act made in the Twenty third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, were reduced from Four Pounds Centum per Annum to Three Pounds per Centum per Annum, and shall be deemed Part of the said joint Stock of Annuities, subject nevertheless to Redemption by Parliament in such manner

3 F 2 and

403

Books to be provided by the Bank of England for entering the Names of Sub. fcribtrs.

Books for Trans* fers of Annuities kept by Accountant General.

Proviso for Devise of Annuities by Will.

No Stamp Duty on Transfers.

Annuities to be Personal Estate, and not liable tq foreign Attach* ment$

and to be Tax Free.

After April 5, 1829, the Annuities may be paid off, upon Six Months Notice.

What shall be deemed No; ice.

The 3 perX'ent. Consuls of this Act to be added to the joint Stock of 3 per Cent Consuls under former Acts;

subject to Redemption on Notice unders o. a. c. 27.

The 3 per Cent. Reduced Annuities under this Act to be added to the joint Stock of 3 per

4°4

Cent. Reduced Annuities under % $ G.a. c. i.

Dividends payable out of the ConfolkUted Fund,

and the Money issued at the Exchequer to the Bank of England.

Bank of England to appoint Cashiers, and also an Accountant General. Monies to be issued at the Exchequer to the said Cashiers.

Cashiers duly to apply the Gune.

Allowance of 8ool. for every Million lub-feribed shall be made to the Bank of England, which they may retain out of Sums subscribed.

Incidental Charges to be paid by Treasury.

Money raised to be applied to the Public Service.

Forcing, counterfeiting or altering Receipts or Certificates, Ice.;

or knowingly uttering such;

or af!ifting, &c. in such Forgery, fcc;

Death.

C, i3. 58° GEORGII III. A.D. 1818.

and upon such Notice as in the several Acts by which the said Annuities after the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum per Annum were respectively granted, are directed in respect of the Annuities redeemable by virtue thereof; and that all and every Person and Persons and Corporations whatsoever, in proportion to the Money to which he or they shall become entitled as aforesaid by virtue of this Act, shall have and be deemed to have a proportional Intareft and Share in the said joint Stock of Annuities at the Rate aforesaid.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That all the Annuities created under the Provisions of this Act, and Interest and Dividends which shall become payable in respect thereof, shall be charged and chargeable upon, and are hereby charged upon, and made payable out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland) after paying or referring sufficient to pay all such Sums of Money as have been directed by any former Act or Acts of Parliament; and the said Annuities at the Rate of Three Pounds per Centum shall be subject to Redemption by Parliament in manner hereinbefore mentioned.

XaXIII. And be it further enacted, That so much Money shall from time to time be set apart and issued at the Receipt of the Exchequer in England, out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, to the said Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, as shall be sufficient to satisfy and pay the respective Annuities to be created under the Provisions of this Act, together with the Charges attending the same.

XXXIV. And for the more easy and sure Payment of all the Annuities established by this Act, be it further enacted, That the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their Successors, shall, from time to time, until all the said Annuities shall be Adeemed, appoint and employ one or more sufficient Person or Persons within their Office in the City of London to be their Chief or First Cashier or Cashiers, and one other sufficient Person within the same Office to be their Accountant General; and that so much of the Monies from time to time being in the Receipt of the Exchequer, and forming the Consolidated Fund by this Act made applicable for that Purpose, as shall be sufficient to answer the said Annuities, shall, by Order of the Commissioners of the Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or any Three or more of them, or the Lord High Treasurer of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for the time being, without any further or other Warrant to he sued for, had or obtained in that behalf, from time to time at the respective Day8 of Payment in this Act appointed, he issued and paid at the Receipt of the Exchequer to the said First or Chief Cashier or Cashiers of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their Successors for the time being, by way of Imprest and upon Account for the Payment of the said Annuities; and that such Cashier or Cashiers to whom the said Money shall from time to time he issued shall, from time to time, without Delay, apply and pay the same accordingly, and render his or their Accounts thereof according to the due Course of the Exchequer in Great Britain; and that the said Accountant General for the time being shall from time to time insped and examine all Receipts and Payments of the said Cashier or Cashiers, and the Vouchers relating thereto, in order to prevent any Fraud, Negligence or Delay.

XXXV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall he lawful to and for the Governor and Company of the Bank of England to retain out of the said Sums subscribed a Sum at the Rate of Eight hundred Pounds for every Million subscribed in Money, in respect of the Transfer of Three Pounds per Centum Annuities to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, as an Allowance for the Service, Pains and Labour of the said Cashier or Cashiers employed in receiving, paying and accounting for the fame, and also for the Service, Pains and Labour of the said Accountant General, for performing the Trull reposed in him by this Act; which Allowance in respect of the Service, Pains and Labour of the said Cashier or Cashiers and Accountant General of the said Governor and Company, shall be for the Use of the said Governor and Company, and at their Disposal only.

XXXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That out of the Monies arising from the said Subscription, any Three or more of the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or the High Treasurer for the time being, shall have Power to discharge all such incident Charges as shall necessarily attend the Execution of this Act, in such Manner as to them shall seem just and reasonable.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury, or the said High Treasurer for the time being, to issue and apply from time to time all such Sums of Money as shall be so paid into the Receipt of His Majesty*Exchequer of Great Britain by the said Cafhior or Cashiers, or by the Paymasters of Exchequer Bills, in respect of all the Monies subscribed or paid under the Provisions of this Act, to such Services as shall then have been voted by the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in this present Session of Parliament.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if*any Person or Persons shall forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or shall willingly ad or assist in the forging or counterfeiting, any Receipt or Receipts, or Certificate or Certificates, for the Whole or any Part or Parts of the said Money, Annuities or Exchequer Bills subscribed under the Provisions of this Act, either with or without the Name or Names of any Person or Persons being inserted therein, as the Subscriber or Subscribers thereto, or Transferrer or Transferrers, or Payer or Payers thereof, or of any Part or Parts thereof, or any Certificate or Certificates directed to be made out by this Act, or any Assignment thereof, or Indorsement thereon, or shall alter any Number, Figure or Word therein respectively, or utter or publifti as true any such false, forged, counterfeited or altered Receipt or Receipts, or Certificate or Certificates, or Assignment or Assignments thereof, or Indorsement or Indorsements thereon, with Intent to defraud His Majesty or the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or any Body Politic or Corporate, or any Person or Persons whatsoever, every such Person or Persons so forging or counterfeiting, or causing or procuring to be forged or counterfeited!, or willingly acting or assisting in the forging or counterfeiting, or altering, uttering or pumifliing as aforesaid, being thereof convicted in due Form of Law, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as a Felon without Benefit of Clergy.

13 XXXIX. Provided

XXXIX. Provided always* and be it further enacted, That the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their Successors* notwithstanding the Redemption of all or any of their own Funds* in pursuance of the Acts for establishing the fame or any of them* shall continue a Corporation for the Purposes of this Act* until the Annuities by this Act granted shall be redeemed by Parliament as aforesaid; and that the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England* or any Member thereof* shall not incur any Disability for or by reason of their doing any matter or thing in pursuance of this Act.

XL. And be it further enacted, That no Fee* Reward or Gratuity whatsoever shall be demanded or taken of any Person or Persons whatsoever* for receiving or paying the said Subscription or Contribution Monies* or any of them* or for any Receipt concerning the Tame* or for paying the said Annuities or any of them* or for any Transfer* or for any Sum* great or small* on the usual Days of Transfer* to be made in pursuance of this Act, upon pain that any Officer or Person offending, by taking or demanding any such Fee* Reward or Gratuity, shall for every such Offence forfeit the sum of Twenty Pounds to the Party aggrieved, with full Costs of Suit, to be recovered by Action of Debt* Bill, Plaint or Information in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoign* Protection* Privilege or Wager of Law* Injunction or Or^er of Restraint* or any more than One Imparlance shall be granted or allowed.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall be sued* molested or prosecuted for any thing done by virtue or in pursuance of this Act* such Person or Persons shall and may plead the General Issue* and give this Act and the (pedal Matter in Evidence in his* her or their Defence or Defences) and if afterwards a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall discontinue his* her or their Action or Prosecution* or be nonsuited, or Judgment shall be given a gain ft him* her or them upon De*. murrer or other wise* then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs awarded to him* her or them against any such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That this Act or any of the Provisions thereof may be altered* varied or repealed by any Act or Acts to be passed in this Session of Parliament.

Bank of England to continue a Corporation until Annuities redeemed.

Taking Fees,

Penalty ad

General KTue.

[Treble Costs.]

Act may be altered, Sec. this Session.

CAP. XXIV.

An Act for enabling His Majesty to make further Provision for His Royal Highness the Duke of Cambridge* and to settle an Annuity on the Princess of Hejfe} in case she shall survive His said Royal Highness.

[8th May 1818.]

Most Gracious Sovereign*

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects* the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled* having taken into Consideration the Message of His ' Royal Highness The Prince Regent* acting in the Name and on the behalf of His Majesty* communicating

that a Treaty of Marriage was in Negotiation between His Royal Highness the Duke of Cambridge ana

Her Serene Highness the Princess Augujla Wilhelmina Louisa, youngest Daughter of His Serene Highness«the Landgrave Frederick of HeJIc Cajfel, and Niece of His Royal Highness the Elector of Hejfle; Do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty* by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal* and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for An Annuity of The King's Most Excellent Majesty* by any Letters Patent under the Great Seal of the United Kingdom of 6000L granted Great Britain and Ireland* to give and grant unto His said Royal Highness the Duke of Cambridge* for and

during His Majesty's Royal Will and Pleasure, an Annuity or Yearly Sum of Six thousand Pounds of lawful p*afure. Money of Great Britain, in such Proportions and in such manner and Form as His Majesty in His Wisdom shall think fit to direct and appoint the fame; which Annuity shall commence and take effect from the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and eighteen* and shall be paid and payable Quarterly* in equal Portions* at the Four most usual Days of Payment in the Year* (that is to say, j the Fifth Day of July* the Tenth Day of 0 Sober, the Fifth Day of January*and the Fifth Day of April in each and every Year; and also that it shall and may be lawful to and for The King's Most Excellent Majesty* by Letters Patent under the Great Seal of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, to give and grant unto Her said Serene Highness the Princess Augujla Wilhelmina Louisa of Hejfe Caff el* when (he shall become Duchess of Cambridge > or to such other Person or Persons as His Majesty shall think fit to be named in such Letters Patent, and his or their Heirs* to the Use of or in Trust for Her said Serene Highness* an Annuity of Six thousand Pounds of like Tawful Money* which shall have Commencement and take effect immediately from and after the Decease of His said Royal Highness the Duke of Cambridge, in case Her said Serene Highness shall survive him* and shall continue from thenceforth for and during the natural Life of Her said Serene Highness* and shall be paid and payable in equal Portions at the Four Days of Payment hereinbefore mentioned; the First Payment thereof to be made at such of the said Days of Payment as shall first and next happen after the Decease of His said Royal Highness the Duke of Cambridge, in case Her said Serene Highness shall survive him as aforesaid; and that the said several Annuities shall hnd may in and by such Letters Patent be directed to be respectively issuing and payable out of and chargeable upon the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, (after paying or reserving sufficient to pay all such Sums as have been directed to be paid out of the fame by any Act or Acts of Parliament made previous to the time of passing this Act*) but with preference to all other Payments which shall or may at any .time or times after the passing of this Act be charged upon and payable out of the said Fund.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said several Annuities* as the same shall take effect* shall be paid and payable during the Continuance of the fame respectively at the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer

at

Payable Quarterly at herein mentioned.

An Annuity of 6000l. for Life to the Ducbefe of Cambridge, if (he survive the Duke.

Payable Quar

terly.

The said Annuities payable out of the Consolidated Fund;

and payable at the Exchequer, without Fee.

Annuities clear of Taxes.

An Annuity of 6000L granted to the Duchefe of Cumberland for Life, in case (he shall survive the Duke.

To be paid Quarterly on the Days herein mentioned, out of the Consolidated Fund.

Payable at the Exchequer, without Fee.

Annuity dear of Taxes.

54^.3, 0.149; 55 G. 3. 0.130.

0.24, 25, 26. 58° GEORGII III. A.D. 1818.

at Westminster; and the Auditor of the said Receipt shall and he is hereby required by virtue of such Letters Patent respectively to make forth and pass Debentures from time to time for paying the said several Annuities during the Continuance of the fame respectively, and as the same shall become due and payable, without any Fees or Charges to be demanded or taken for paying the fame, or any Part thereof; and the said Debentures to be made forth and passed as aforesaid shall be a fumcient Authority to the several and respective Officers of the Receipt of the Exchequer now and for the time being for the Payment of the said several Annuities, as the fame mall take effect, according to the Directions of this Act, without any further or other Warrant to be sued for, had or obtained in that behalf.

III. And be it enacted, That the said several Annuities, and every Part thereof respectively, shall be free and clear from all Taxes, Rates and Assessments, and all other Charges whatever, imposed or to be imposed by Authority of Parliament or otherwise.

CAP. XXV.

An Act for enabling His Majesty to settle an Annuity on Her Royal Highness the Duchess of Cumberland, in case of her surviving His Royal Highness the Duke of Cumberland.

[8th May 1818.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, having taken into Consideration the most Gracious

Message of His Royal Highness The Prince Regent, acting in the Name and on the behalf of His Majesty, have resolved that a Sum of Six thousand Pounds per Annum be settled on Her Royal Highness the Duchess of Cumberland, iu case Her Royal Highness should survive His Royal Highness the Duke of Cumberland; 9 Do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by any Letters Patent under the Great Seal of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, to give and grant unto Her said Royal Highness the Duchess of Cumberland, in case she shall survive His said Royal Highness the Duke of Cumberland, or to such Person or Persons as His Majesty shall think fit to be named in such Letters Patent, and his or their Heirs, to the Use of or in Trust for Her said Royal Highness, One Annuity or Yearly Sum of Six thousand Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, such Annuity or Yearly Sum ot Six thousand Pounds, and every Part thereof, to commence and take effect immediately from and after the Decease of His said Royal Highness the Duke of Cumberland, and continue from thenceforth for and during the natural Life of Her said Royal Highness, and shall be paid and payable at the Four most usual Days of Payment in the Year, (that is to say, ) the Fifth Day of January, the Fifth Day of April, the Fifth Day of July, and the Tenth Day of October in every Year, by even and equal Portions; the First Payment thereof to be made on the First Quarterly Day of Payment next after the Decease of His said Royal Highness, of such Proportion of such Quarterly Payment as shall have accrued between the Day of such Decease and such Quarter Day 5 and that the said Annuity of Six thousand Pounds shall and may by such Letters Patent be directed to be issuing and payable out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland during the Life of Her said Royal Highness, (after paying or referring fumcient to pay all such Sums as shall have been directed to be paid out of the fame by any Act or Acts of Parliament made previous to the time of passing this Act, ) and with a Preference to all other Payments which shall or may at any time or times after the passing of this Act be charged upon and payable out of the said Fund.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said Annuity of Six thousand Pounds shall be paid and payable at the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, and the Auditor of the said Receipt shall and he is hereby required by virtue of such Letters Patent to make forth and pass Debentures from time to time for paying, according to the Directions of this Act, the said Annuity, as the same shall become due and payable, without any Fees or Charges to be demanded or taken for paying the fame or any Part thereof 5 and the said Debentures to be made forth and passed as aforesaid shall be a fumcient Authority to the several and respective Officers of the Receipt of the Exchequer now and for the time being for the Payment of the said Annuity according to the Directions of this Act, without any further or other Warrant to be sued for, # had or obtained in that behalf.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Annuity of Six thousand Pounds, and every Part thereof, shall be free and clear from all Taxes, Rates and Assessments, and all other Charges whatsoever imposed or to be imposed by Authority of Parliament or otherwise.

CAP. XXVI.

An Act to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, Two Acts made in the Fifty fourth and Fifty sixth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for regulating the Trade in Spirits between Great Britain and Ireland reciprocally, and to amend the same.

[23d May 1818.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to regulate until the End of the next Session of Parliament the Trade in Spirits between Great Britain and Ireland reciprocally; and which, by an Act made in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign, of

His

A.D. 1818. 58° GEORGII III..C. 26, 27.

His present Majesty, wti continued until the End of the (hen next Session of Parliament: And Whereas by an Act made in the Fifty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to amend and continue the said recited Act of the Fifty fourth Year aforesaid, and to grant and allow new countervailing Duties and Drawbacks on Spirits imported and exported between England and Scotland and Ireland respectively, the said recited Act of the Fifty fourth Year aforesaid was further continued, except so far as the fame was altered by the last mentioned Act, until the End of the last Session of Parliament 5 and the said recited Acts

were by an Act of the last Session of Parliament so further continued until the End of the present Session of Parliament; and it is expedient that the said recited Act of the Fifty fourth Year aforesaid, so altered as aforesaid, and such Parts of the said Act of the Fifty sixth Year aforesaid as are now in force, except as herein after mentioned, should be further continued 5' Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Act of the Fifty fourth Year aforesaid, as altered by the said Act of the Fifty sixth Year aforesaid, and also such Parts of the last-r mentioned Act as are now in force, except as herein after mentioned, and the several Duties and Drawbacks thereby granted and allowed and now payable, shall be and the fame is and are hereby further continued from and after the End of this present Session of Parliament, and shall remain and continue m force from thence until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen.

II. 4 And Whereas by the said Act made in the Fifty sixth Year aforesaid, the Strength of Eight per Centum above Proof denoted by Sikes*8 Hydrometer was substituted for the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof mentioned in the said Acts, and the Strength of Twenty two per Centum above Proof denoted by the said Hydrometer was substituted for the Strength of One to Four Hydrometer Proof mentioned in the aforesaid Acts: And Whereas the said Strengths so respectively substituted have been found to exceed the said Strengths for which the fame were so respectively substituted; and further Provision is made by an Act of the present Session in that behalf; and it is therefore expedient to repeal so much of the aforesaid Act of the Fifty sixth Year aforesaid as substituted such Strengths as aforesaid5' Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, so much of the said Act as aforesaid shall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

CAP. XXVII.

An Act: to permit the Importation of certain Articles into His Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in the West Indies, or on the Continent of South America: and also certain Articles into certain Ports in the West Indies.

[23d May 1818.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to allow the Importation of certain Articles into His Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in the West Indies, or on the Continent of South America; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to import Tobacco, Rice, Grain, Peas, Beans and Flour into any of His Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in the West Indies, or on the Continent of South America, for the Supply of the Inhabitants thereof, in British built Ships, owned, registered and navigated according to Law, from any Colony or Possession in the West Indies, or on the Continent of America under the Dominion of any Foreign European Sovereign or State.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to import Peas and Beans, being the Growth or Production of any of the Colonies or Possessions in the West Indies, or on the Continent of America, belonging to or under the Dominion of any Foreign European Sovereign or State, into any of the Port6 in His Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in the West Indies enumerated in an Act passed in the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to consolidate and extend the several Laws now in force for allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods and Merchandize into and from certain Ports in the West Indies; and in another Act, passed in the Forty sixth Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, intituled An Act for enabling His Majesty to permit the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods and Commodities into and from the Port of Road Harbour in the island of Tortola; and likewise in another Act, passed in the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods and Commodities into and from the Port of Falmouth in the Island of Jamaica; and in another Act, passed in the Fifty second Year of His said Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for allowing certain Articles to be imported into the Bahama Islands and exported therefrom in Foreign reffels, and for encouraging the Exportation of Salt from the said Islands; and in another Act, passed in the Fifty seventh Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, intituled An Act to extend several Acts for allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods and Merchandize to Porta Maria in the Island of Jamaica, and to the Port of Bridge Town in the Island of Barbadoes, in Vessels of the like Description, and subject to the like Rules, Regulations and Restrictions as are required by the aforesaid Acts permitting certain Articles to be imported into the Ports enumerated therein, and in Vessels of the like Description, and subject to the like Rules, Regulations and Restrictions as are required in an Act passed in the Fiftieth Year of His said Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for amending and continuing so amended until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twelve, an Act of the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty, for consolidating and extending the several Laws in force for allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods and Merchandize into and from certain Ports in the West Indies, which was afterwards continued, by an Act passed in the Fifty second Year of His said Majesty's Reign, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, and revived and made perpetual by another Act> passed in the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of His

said

407

56 G. 3* c* x°J*

54 G. 3. C. 149* ai altered by 56 G. 3. c. 105* 8cc. further continued.

56 G. 3. c. 105. §6. in part repealed.

Tobacco, &c. may be imported from Foreign European Colonies in West Indies and America, into the West Indies or South America in British built Ships.

Peas and Bean!

of the Growth of such Foreign European Colonies may be imported into any Ports in the British Colonies in the West Indies mentioned in

45 G. 3. c. 57.

46 G. 3. c. j %

49 G. 3. c. aa. 5a G. 3. c. 99.

57G. 3. C. 74.

Subject to the Regulations therein mentioned, and also to the Regulations required by 50 G. 3. c.ai.

5a G. 3. C.

54G. 3. C. 48.

4>o8

56 G. 3. c. X4°«

4*0.3.0.97.

5 8.

J7 O.3. c. 31. 5*7.

4* G. 3.0.97*

56 G. 3. c. 140.

(Exception)

repealed.

Spirits deemed to be of the Strength denoted by Sikes's Hydrometer. Exception. Spirits sweeten-ed, See to defeat the Operation of the Hydrometer, forfeited, and may be Teheed. Regulations for trying the Strength of Spirits by Clarke's Hydrometer shall apply to Sikes's Hydrometer.

Table of the Strengths of Spirits formed

0.27, 28. 58° GEORGII III. A.D. 1818.

said Majesty, intituled An Act to revive and male perpetual certain Acts for consolidating and extending the fevered Laws in force for allowing the Importation ana Exportation of certain Articles into and from certain Ports in the West Indies.

CAP. XXVIII.

An Act to repeal an Act made in the Fifty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for establishing the Use of an Hydrometer called Sike/s Hydrometer, in ascertaining 'the Strength of Spirits, instead of Claries Hydrometer 3 and for malting other Provisions in lieu thereof.

[23d May 1818.]

WHEREAS a certain Act was made in the Fifty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for establi filing the Use of an Hydrometer called Sites98 Hydrometer, in ascertaining the Strength of Spirits, instead of Clarke's Hydrometer 5 reciting therein, that by an Act made in the Forty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, among other things, for making perpetual so much of an Act made in the Twenty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty as related to ascertaining the Strength of*Spirits by Clarke's Hydrometer, it was enacted, that so much of an Act made in the Twenty seventh*Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for making Allowances to the Dealers in Foreign Wines*for the Stock of certain Foreign Wines in their Possejjton at a certain time, upon which the Duties on Importation have been paid, and for amending several Laws relating to the Revenue of Excise, as directed that All Spirits Humid be deemed and taken to be of the Degree of Strength which the-Hydrometer

cpmmonly calledLf7/grig>sjIydrometer should, upon Trial by any Officer or Officers of Excise, denote any such Spirits to be^wKIch was to continue iiTforce until the Fifth Day of April One thousand seven hundred and eighty eight, and which, by several subsequent Acts, was continued until the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and one, Should be made perpetual; and that since the passing of the said Acts, an Hydrometer called Sites9a Hydrometer had with great Care been completed, and had, by proper Experiments made for that Purpose, been ascertained to denote as Proof Spirit that which, at the Ternperature of Fifty-one Degrees by Fahrenheit's Thermometer, weighs exactly Twelve Thirteenth Parts of an*equal Measure of Distifled Water, and also to determine the Strengths of all other Spirits, in proportion to the Quantity of such Proof Spirit which is contained therein, or which can be made from them, with a Degree of accuracy never before attained; and that it was expedient to establish the fame in lieu and instead of the rlaid Hydrometer called Clarke's Hydrometer, which still remained in Use m Great Britain under and by virtue of the said Act; and that it was also expedient to repeal the said recited Clause of the said Act made in the Forty first Year of the Reign aforesaid; and also an Act made in the Forty second Year of the Reign aforesaid, intituled An Act to authorise the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury in Great Britain, and the Lord High Treasurer or the Commissioners of the Treasury in Ireland, to order the Use of the Hydro- meters now employed in the Management of the Revenues to be discontinued and other Infruments to be used instead thereof: And Whereas the said Act, by which the Acts therein recited as aforesaid were repealed, and the Use of Sikes s Hydrometer established as aforesaid, will expire on the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and eighteen; and it is expedient to repeal the said Act, save and except as Hereafter mentioned, and make further Provision for the Purposes therein mentioned; 9 Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Aftt the said Act of the Fifty fixthJTear afqr^ajd_fhaliheand the fame is hereby repealed, lave and except in all Cases relating to the recovering any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures, which fh'act have Been incurred under such Act at any time before or on the passing of this Act, and save and except as to so much of the said Act as repealed the said Clause of the Act of the Forty first Year, and the said Act of the Forty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, which shall, notwithstanding any thing herein contained, remain wholly repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That in and throughout the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, from and after the passing of this Act, all Spirits (half be deemed and taken to be of the Degree of Strength at which the said Hydrometer called Siles9* Hydrometer, used under the Directions of the Commissioners of Excise, shall, upon Trial Fy any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise, denote Tuch BpTrits to be, except any Spirits (not being Foreign Cordials, BrittJBBrandy, or British Compounds) which shall be sweetened, or have any Ingredient or Ingredients mixed with or put into the fame, so as to defeatjJ^e Operation of the said Hydrometer, or deceive the Officer in trying the true Strength thereof with the said Hydrometer, whereby. His Majesty may be defrauded 5 iu all and every of which Cases, such Spirits shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise, any thing in any other Act or Acts to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding; and all Rules, Regulations, Provisions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, matters and things in any Act or Acts contained, and not hereby expressly controuled or altered, nor repugnant to the Provisions of this Act, relating to the ascertaining of the Degree of Strength of any Spirits, or to the Degree of Strength of any Spirits, for any Purpose whatever relating to the Revenues of Customs and Excise, or either of them, by the said Hydrometer called Clarke's Hydrometer, or by any other Hydrometer in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, shall be in full Force, and applied in all respects as to the said Hydrometer called Sikcs's Hydrometer, as fully and effectually, as if the fame were hereby particularly reenacted as to such last mentioned Hydrometer.

III.*And Whereas the Strengths of Spirits denoted by the said Hydrometer called Sikes's Hydrometer, according to the Temperature thereof, have been, under the Direction of the Commissioners of Excise for

1 England,

A.D. 1818.

58° GEORGII III. C. 2S.

England, set down in a Table intituled " A Table of the Strengths of Spirits deuoted by Sites*ft Hydro-

" meter, " and which said Table has been and is subscribed by the Hand of the Right Honourable Nicholas

Vansittart Chancellor of the Exchequer, and lodged with the Commissioners of Excise for England; and it

is expedient to make such Provision for and in respect thereof as is herein after mentioned Be it therefore enacted, That the Strengths of Spirits so set down in the said Table shall, in and throughout the said United Kingdom, be deemed and taken to be true and just, and that the said Table shall on all necessary or convenient Occasions be used by every Officer and Officers of His Majesty's Revenues of Customs and Excise respectively, in and throughout the said United Kingdom, for the Purposes in that behalf aforesaid, and the Refuits of such Use shall on all Occasions be deemed and taken to be accurate and just Refuits.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in all such Trials of the Strength of any Spirits by any Officer or Officers of Customs or Excise, with the said Hydrometer called Sites's Hydrometer, in any Part of the said United Kingdom, the Strength of Twenty one per Centum above Proof denoted by the said Hydrometer called Sites's Hydrometer, shall be substituted and taken for the Strength of One to Four over Hydrometer Proof mentioned in any Act or Acts of Parliament relating to His Majesty's Revenue of Customs or Excise in any Part of the United Kingdom in force immediately before the passing of this Act 5 and that in all such Trials as aforesaid the Strength of Nine per Centum above Proof denoted by the said Hydrometer called Sites,* Hydrometer, shall in like manner be substituted and taken for the Strength of One to Nine over Hydrometer Proof. mentionecTin any such Act or Acts; and that in all such Trials as aforesaid, the Strength of Seven per Centum above Proof denoted by the said Hydrometer called Sites's Hydrometer, shall in like manner be substituted and taken for the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof mentioned in any such Act or Acts; and that in all such Trials as aforesaid, the Strength of Thirteen per Centum under Proof denoted by the said Hydrometer called Sites,* Hydrometer, shall in like manner be substituted and taken for the Strength of One in Eight under Hydrometer Proof mentioned in any such Act or Acts; and that in all such Trials as aforesaid, the Strength of Fifteen ter Centum under Proof denoted by the said Hydrometer called Sites,* Hydrometer, shall in like manner be fuostituted and taken for the Strength of One to Six under Hydrometer Proof mentioned in any such Act or Acts; and that in all such Trials as aforesaid, the Strength of Seventeen per Centum under Proof denoted by the said Hydrometer called Sites's Hydrometer, shall in like manner be substituted and taken for the Strength of One in Six under Hydrometer Pnoof mentioned in any such Act or Acts; and that in all such Trials as aforesaid, the Strength of Twenty two per Centum under Proof denoted by the said Hydrometer called Sites,* Hydrometer, shall in like manner be substituted and taken so'r the Strength of One in Five under Hydrometer Proof mentioned in any such Act or Acts; and that in all Accounts to be taken under or by virtue of any such Act or Acts, by any Officer or Officers of Excise, of the Stock of BritiHs Brandy, redified British Spirits, Raw Briti/Jj Spirits, Compounds, or other British Spirits of any Redin^r or Redifiers, or Compounder or Compounders of Spirits, all and every such Stock and Stocks, shall be taken and computed at the Strength of Twenty eight and Two thirds per Centum under Proof by the said Hydrometer called Sites96 Hydrometer, in lieu and instead of calling and computing the fame at the Strength of One in Three and Three fourths under Hydrometer Proof mentioned in any such Act or Acts; and that all Britjfe Spirits of a greater or higher Degree of Strength than Forty two per Centum above Proof denoted by the said Hydrometer called Sites,*Hydrometer, fnaUpe deemed and taken to be Spirits of Wine within the Meaning of all and every such Act and Acts; and that all and every Penalty and Forfeiture, Penalties and Forfeitures, Powers, Authorities, Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Conditions, matters and things in any such Act or Acts mentioned or contained, touching or relating to any Spirits of the aforesaid Strengths, or any of them, by the said Hydrometer called Clarte's Hydrometer, shall remain and be in force, and shall be incurred, applied, observed and exercised respectively, in as full and ample manner to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, with respect to Spirits of the aforesaid Strengths respectively by the said Hydrometer called Silet98 Hydrometer so substituted for them as aforesaid, as if such last mentioned Strengths respectively had been originally inserted in and made Part of such Act or Acts, in lieu of the said. Strengths respectively by Claris98 Hydrometer for which the same are hereby respectively substituted: Provided always, that if the Strength of any Spirits manufactured and imported from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland into that Part of Great Britain called England as aforesaid, shall, upon Trial by any Officer or Officers of Excise in England, by the said Hydrometer called Sikes'* Hydrometer, be denoted to be greater than that of Seven per Centum above Proof, and the Strength thereof shall not exceed Ten per Centum above Proof, then and in such Case the said Spirits shall not be forfeited, but shall be charged with a further Duty proportioned to their said Surplus Strength.

V. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this Act, shall be sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated by such Ways, Means or Methods as any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture may be sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or Dublini or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively; and that One Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture shall be to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them who shall inform, discover or sue for the same.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That any Spirits the respective Strengths of which shall have been taken and ascertained in Ireland pursuant to the Directions of the said recited Act of the Fifty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, shall not be liable to be forfeited or seized 5 nor shall any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture be incurred in respect of any such Spirits (not being liable to Forfeiture for any other Cause) for or by reason of any Excefa which, upon any Trial of the Strengths of such Spirits to be made by any Officer of Customs or Excise in Great Britain or Ireland under the Provisions of this Act, shall or may appear above

58 Geo. III. 3 G or

409

under the Comm HE oners of Excise, to be used by the Officers of Customs and Excise.

Certain Rates of Strength by Sikes's Hydrometer shall be substituted in Room of others herein mentioned.

BritUli Spirits higher than 4a per Cent, deemed Spirits of Wine.

Penalties, &c. relating to Clarke's Hydrometer shall be applicable to Sikes's.

Scotch Spirits imported into England having Strength greater than 7 and not exceeding 10 per Cent, above Proof, not forfeited, but charged with a proportionate Duty.

Penalties how to be levied.

IrHh Spirits, the Strength of which has been ascertained under 56 G. 3. c. 14a not liable to Forfeiture on Account of an

4io

Excel) of Sutugtb. Commeacement of Act, so far as relates to Ireland.

Act may be al. tered, See. this Session.

Fees, &c. for Pardons to be paid by the Treasury.

The Instrument exempt from Stamp Duties.

In Actiotisof Trespass for Affauh, in in-ferior Courts, if Damages are given under 40 Plan tiff to recover only so much Costs a* Damages Co given.

In Courts nol holding Plea to the Amount of 40s, if the Jury aJTs&Da- mage* under 3c* Plaintiff to recover only CofU to the Amount of Damages given.

53 G. 3. c. 13*.

In Cases of Pre fentment for building, Sec* Court Houses, and Purchases directed to be made under the

C. 28 — 31. 58° GEORGII III. A.D. 1818.

or beyond the Strengths of such Spirits which have been so previously take* and afceitaked as aforesaid; any thhre hereinbefore contained to die contrary notwithstanding.

Vtl. And be it farther enacted, That this Act and the several Provisions therein contained, so far as relates to Ireland shall commence and take effect on the Expiration of Ten l)ays next after the passing thereof, and not sooner.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, amended or repealed by any Act or Acts to be passed in this Session of Parliament.

CAP. XXIX.

An Act for regulating the Payment of Fees for Pardons under the Great Seal.

[23d May 1818.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the Expences incident to a Pardon granted by the Crown should no longer be payable and paid by or on behalf of the Person or Persons in whole Favour or to*whom such Pardons shall he granted Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commmons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fafne, That from and after the passing of this Act, no Fee, Gratuity or other Dues paid or payable for or in respect of any Grant of a Pardon by His Majesty, Hia Heirs and Successors, or for or in respect of any Letters Patent, Charter, Warrant, Bill, Docket or other Instrument appertaining thereto, or the Transcript of any such Instrument, shall be paid or payable by or on behalf of the Person or Persons in whole Favour or to whom such Pardon shall be granted; but that all Fees which are now paid and payable for the granting and parting of any such Pardon or Pardons, (hah be paid by the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty6 Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland* in the same manner and by the fame Persons as other Law Expences oa behalf of His Majesty are paid.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, no such Letters Patent, Charter, Warrant, Bill, Docket, Instrument or Transcript as aforesaid, shall be subject to or liable to be charged with any Stamp Duty or Duties whatever.

CAP. XXX.

An Act for preventing frivolous and vexatious Actions of A (Fault and Battery, and for dander ous Words, in Courts.

[23d May 1818.]

WHEREAS it dedrable to prevent, as much as may be, frivolous and vexatious Actions and Suits of Aifault and Battery, and for (landerous Words, in inferior Courts; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, in all Actions or Suits of Trespafe for Assault and Battery, to be commenced in any Court having, or which by His Majesty's Writ of Jujsietes may have Jurisdiction to hold Pleas in Actions or Suits to the Amount of Forty Shillings, (other than His Majesty's Courts at Wtfrtunfter* the Court of Great Sessions for the Principality of Wales* the Court of Great Sessions for the County Palatine of Chtfier* the Court of Common PleasTor the County Palatine of Lancaster* or the Court of Pleas for the County Pabt&ne of Durham, ) if the Jury upon the Trial of the Issue in such Action, or the Jury that shall inquire of the Damages, do find or assess the Damages under Forty Shillings, then the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Action 'or Suit shall have and recover only so much Costs as. the Damages so given* or assessed amount unto, without any further Increase of the fame$ any Law, Statute, Custom or Ufege to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That in .all Actions or Suita of Afiaiilt and Battery, or for fianderoos Words, to be sued or prosecuted in any Court whatsoever which hath not, Jurisdiction to hold Plea to the Amount of Forty Shillings, in such Actions or Suits, if the Jury upon the Trial of the Issue in Inch Action or Suit, or the Jury that shall inquire of the Damages do find or assess the Damage* under Thirty Shillings, then the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Action or Suit shall have and recover only so much Costs as the Damages so given or assessed shall amount to, without any further Increase of the fame; any Law, Statute, Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XXXI.

An Act to amend an Act passed in the Fifty third Year of His Majesty^ Reign, to make further Regulations for the building and repairing of Court Hoofes and Sessions Houses in Ireland*

[23d May 1818.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fifty third Year of His Majesty's * Reign, to make further Regulations for the building and repairing of Court Houses and Sessions Houses in Ireland: And ' Whereas it is expedient that the fame should be amended as herein after provided^' Be it therefore enacted bw The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That in all Case* in which any Prefen tment hath been or shall be made for building, rebuilding, enlarging or repairing any Court Hanse whatsoever in Ireland and no Agreement hath been or shall have been made for the Purchase of any Hoofed Building, Land, Tenement or Hereditament which hath been or shall be thought by the Grand Jury by whom such Presentment shall have been made, or by any subsequent Grand Jury competent to make such Presentment, proper to be purchased for the Purposes of such Presentment, and that such Grand Jury shall thereupon direct

A.D. 1818.

58° GEORGII III. C. 3i>3 2»33» 4l 1

that the fame be porohafed by or under the Valuation of a Jury, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners appointed or to be appointed under the said recited Act, or any Three or more of them, to issue their Warrant to the Sheriff in manner directed by a certain Act passed in the Fiftieth Year of His Majesty's Reign, for repealing the several Laws relating to Prisons in Ireland, and for reenacting such of the Provisions thereof as have beeu found useful, with Amendments, and thereupon such and the like Proceedings shall and may be had and taken far summoning, impannelling and swearing Juries, and valuing the Preraites so directed to be purchased, and each and every Part thereof respectively, and for obtaining the full Seisin and Possessicm thereof, and a good Title thereto in the said Commissioners, and with and subject to all the same Rules, Regulations, Conditions and Jurisdictioas, as concerning any Premises to be purchased by such Valuation under the aforesaid A d of the Fiftieth Year of His Majesty's Reign as in the said Act provided, and the said Commissioners shall in that behalf have, possess and exercise all and every the fame and the like Powers and Authorities a* by the said Act last mentioned are granted to and vested in the Commissioners therein mentioned.

II. And be it further enacted, That wherever any Court House of or for any County at large in Ireland shall have been built or enlarged pursuant to the Provisions of the said recited Act of the Fifty third Year of His Majesty's Reign, and of this Act, or of either of them, or otherwise, then if such Court House, or the Addition £o then made thereto, shall be within a County of a City or County of a Town wherein the Affixes or Commissions of Oyer and Terminer and Gaol Delivery for such County have usually fat or been held, then every such Court House which shall have been so built or enlarged, and all Additions so thereto made, and Appurtenances therewith occupied, shall be deemed and taken to be Part and Pared of the County at large for which the same shall have been so built as aforesaid.

III. And be it further euaded, That this Act may be amended, altered or repealed by any Ad to be made in this Session of Parliament.

CAP. XXXII.

An Act to amend so much of an Act of the Fifty fifth Year of His present Majesty, as relates to the Salaries of Clergymen officiating as Chaplains in Houses of Correction.

[23d May 1818.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Fifty fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for enlarging the Powers of Two A3s of His present Majesty, for providing Clergymen to officiate as Chaplains in Gaols and Houses of Correction within England and Wales, it was enacted, that no Salary to be assigned to any Clergyman for officiating in any House of Correction should exceed Fifty Pounds a Year: L And Whereas it % as been found irapoffible, in divers Cases, to provide Clergymen who are fit and willing to

undertake the Duties of the said Office of Chaplain to Houses of Correction for so small a Salary: And Whereas it is therefore expedient that Powers should be given to the Justices of the Peace in their Quarter Session8 to assign a larger Salary to Clergymen officiating in such Capacity; Be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for the Justices of the Peace of the several Counties of England and Wales, in their Quarter Sessions respectively, to assign any larger Salary than the said Salary of Fifty Pounds a Year, to Clergymen officiating as Chaplains in Houses of Correction; Provided always, that in no Case such Salary shall exceed the Sum of One hundred Pounds a Year.

lit And be it further enacted, That should the said Justices of the Peace or the major Part of them assembled at their General Quarter Sessions think proper, in pursuance of the Act of the Fifty-fifth Year of His present' Majesty, to appoint One Person to officiate as Chaplain to the Gaol and House of Correction; that they be authorised to allow such Chaplain a Salary not exceeding One hundred and Fifty Pounds,

CAP. XXXIII.

Ad to alter the Allowance for broken Plate Glass, and to exempt Manufacturers of certain Glass Wares from Penalties for not being licensed.

[23d May 1818.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Fifty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, amongst other Things, to after the Drawbacks on Plate Glafe, and to prevent Frauds therein, it was enacted, that any Maker or Makers of Plate Glass who should break to Pieces in the manner therein mentioned any Number of such Plates of unground and unpolished Plate Glass as therein mentioned, should thereupon be allowed out of the Duties growing and becoming due and payable from such Maker or Makers respectively

for Plate Glass* after the Kate of Four Pounds Eighteen Shillings for every Hundred Weight of such Glass

so broken to Pieces; And whereas such Allowance is expeffive, and it is expedient to repeal the fame and nt a different Rate of Allowance in lieu thereof 5' Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent

Valuation of a Jury, the Commissioners under recited A6i to issue their Warrant to the Sheriff and the feme Proceeding* shall take place as directed by 50 G.$. c. 103.

When Court Houses shall be built or enlarged within a County of a City or Town, where Affixes, &c. have usually been held such Court House shall he deemed Part of County at large. Act may be altered, &c. this Session.

55 G-3- c. 48.

Justicea in SeG (ions may assign a larger Salary, not to exceed iool. a Year;

and not exceeding 150L to Chaplains of Gaols and Houses of Correction.

56 G. 3. c.lo8. iS-

__,fty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, the Allowance hereinbefore recited shall be and the fame is hereby repealed; and that in lieu thereof every such Maker and Makers as aforesaid shall be allowed, for every One hundred Pounds Weight of such Plates of Plate Glass as in the said recited Act are in that behalf mentioned, so broken in Pieces as therein mentioned, One hundred and ten pounds Weight, and so in proportion for any less Quantity, out of the Gross Weight of Metal, as ascertained by Gauge, (exclusive of the Quantity of Glass required by Law to be left in the Bottom, ) contained in any Pot or Pots of Metal that may be then depending, or out of any Pot or Pots of Metal of a subsequent Making of Plate Glass by any such Maker or Makers as aforesaid 3 fueled nevertheless

3 G 2 to

Allowance under recited Act repealed; and in lieu thereof an Allowance of nolb. out of Grdfe Weight of Metal for ioolb. broken in Pieces;

subject to former Regulations.

Persons carrying on the Business of a Drop Pin-cher making En-'try of their Workshop, &c. with the proper Officer, and observing the Regulations required, not sub-jeffc to Penalty for not taking out a Licence as a Glass Maker.

Cullet or Waste Olafs found in the Possession of such Persons forfeited;

and Penalty

50l.

Recovery and Application of Penalties.

Instead of the Bounties now payable on the Exportation of refined Sugar, those described in the Table annexed, to be allowed.

If Sugar be Shipped, though not exported on or before July 5, 1818, the old Bounties shall be paid.

Bounties allowed by this Act, subject to the Regulations now in force.

Exception.

C. 33j 34. 5S0 GEORGII III. A.D. 1818.

to all and every the Provisoes, Conditions and Regulations mentioned or prescribed in the said recited Act with respect to the Allowance hereby repealed, or the Plates of Glass or Breakage thereof for which such Allowance was thereby directed to be made.

II. And be it further enacted, That no Person who shall carry on the Trade or Business of a Drop Pincher only, and not make or manufacture any other Kind of Glass or Glass Wares, and who shall use and employ in such Trade or Business Lump, Paste or Cane Glass only, and shall duly make Entry with the proper Officer of Excise of all and every Workshop and Workftiops, Room and Rooms, and Place and Places, where he shall carry on such Trade or Business, or keep any Material or Materials for that Purpose, and shall from time to time produce to the Officer or Officers of Excise surveying such Workffiop, Room or Place, all Materials by him used or employed in such Trade or Business, and shall at the same time deliver to such Officer an Invoice or Invoices for all Lump, Paste or Cane Glass received into his Custody or Possession, signed by the Maker and Seller of such Glass, or his Foreman or Clerk, and subscribed also by the Officer of Excise surveying the Glass House where such Glass was made, and shall not use or employ as aforesaid any Cullet or Waste Glass, and shall in all other respects observe and perform the several Regulations, Matters and things by Law imposed for and in respect of such Trade or Business, except taking out a Licence as a Glass Maker, shall incur or be subject or liable to any Penalty or Forfeiture for or by reason of using or carrying on such Trade or Business as aforesaid, without having first taken out the Licence required by Law for that Purpose 5 any thing in any other Act or Acts to the contrary thereof notwithstanding: Provided always, that all Cullet or Waste Glass, and all and every other Material and Materials for or which may be used in making any Glass or Glass Wares, found in the Custody or Possession of any such Person or Persons as aforesaid, or any Person or Persons using or carrying on such Trade or Business as aforesaid, save and except Lump, Paste or Cane Glass for which such Invoice so subscribed shall be produced as aforesaid, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise; and the Person and Persons in whose Custody or Possession the same shall be found shall, over and above all other Penalties, forfeit and lose the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

III. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this Act, or by an Act passed in this prefen t Session of Parliament to revive and continue until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen several Laws relating to the Duties on Glass made in Great Britain, and to prohibit the making of Smalts within a certain Distance of any other Glass House, or by the Maker of any other Kind of Glass, shall be sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated by such Ways, Means or Methods as any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture may be sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, respectively; and that One Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture shall be to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them who shall discover, inform or sue for the same.

CAP. XXXIV.

An Act to repeal the several Bounties on the Exportation of refined Sugar from any Part of the United Kingdom, and to allow other Bounties in lieu thereof, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty, and for reducing the Size of the Packages in which refined

Sugar may be exported.

[23d May 1818.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the several Bounties respectively allowed on the Exportation from W any Part of the United Kingdom, of Sugar, in any way refined within the United Kingdom,

shall be discontinued, and that other Bounties shall be granted and allowed in lieu thereof* Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, the several Bounties on the Exportation, from any Part of the United Kingdom, of Sugar, in any way refined within the United Kingdom, whether refined by the Operation of Claying or otherwise, allowed under or in pursuance of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force on or immediately before the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, shall cease, determine and be no longer paid; and that instead and in lieu thereof there shall be paid and allowed the several Bounties on all such refined Sugar, whether refined by the Operation of Claying or otherwise, exported from any Part of the United Kingdom, as the same are respectively described and set forth in the Table to this Act annexed.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the several and respective Bounties on any Sort of refined Sugar exported from any Part of the United Kingdom, which from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eighteen are by this Act repealed, shall be paid or allowed on any such Sugar which shall be actually shipped for the Purpose of Exportation to Foreign Parts from any Part of the United Kingdom on or before the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, notwithstanding such Sugar may not be exported until after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eighteen.

III. And be it further enacted, That the several Bounties on refined Sugar by this Act granted, shall be paid or allowed in such and the like manner in every respect, and subject and under and according to the like Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Conditions, Securities, Penalties and Forfeitures (except where any Alteration is made by this Act), as any Bounties on refined Sugar exported from any Part of the United Kingdom were paid or allowed before the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eighteen.

7* IV. And

A.D. 1818. 58° GEORGII III. c. 34.

IV. And be it further enacted, That before any Bounty granted and allowed by this Act shall be paid' or any Debenture made out for the fame, the Refiner or Renners, not being the Exporter or Exporters of such Sugar, shall make Oath before the Collector or other proper Officer of the Customs, that he or they fold such Sugar, expressing the Quantity and the time when, to the Person or Persons intending to export the fame, and that, as he and they verily believe, such Sugar was produced from Muscovado Sugar imported from His Majesty's Plantations in America, or from Sugars the Produce of the East Indies, and that the several Duties payable thereon were duly paid at the time of importing the fame 5 and the Exporter or Exporters of such Sugars shall then make Oath that such Sugars, being the Sugars for which such Bounty is then claimed, are the identical Sugars or Part thereof which were sold to him as aforesaid by such Refiner or Refiners 5 and before the Money due upon such Debenture or Debentures shall be paid, such Exporter or Exporters shall also make Oath that the said Sugars have been duly exported. His Majesty's Searchers also certifying the shipping thereof, and all the Requisites of Law being duly complied with; and whenever the Refiner or Refiners of such Sugars shall be the Exporter or Exporters thereof, he or they shall then make Oath as well of the due Exportation of the fame, as of the several Particulars hereinbefore directed to be sworn by him or them (excepting what relates to the Sale of the said Sugars).

V. And be it further enacted, That all Sugar refined otherwise than by the Operation of Claying, shall be entitled to the Bounties allowed and made payable by this Act, and the Table thereto annexed, without regard to any Rules or Regulations relating to such Operation of Claying; any thing in any Act or Acts to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted, That nothing contained in an Act made in the Fifty seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign for granting Bounties on Sugar refined otherwise than by Claying, or in this Act, shall extend or be construed to extend to give or allow any Bounty, Drawback or Allowance on refined Sugar exported from Great Britain to Ireland, or from Ireland to Great Britain, nor to alter or repeal any of the Countervailing Duties or Equivalent Drawbacks on refined Sugar exported from one Country to the other, granted and made payable under the Acts for the Union of Great Britain and Ireland, and the several other Acts relating to such Countervailing Duties and Equivalent Drawbacks in force in Great Britain and Ireland respectively.

VII. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to alter or repeal the Deduction to be made from the Bounty allowed on refined Sugar when exported from any Part of the United Kingdom in any other than a British Vessel, owned, navigated and registered according to Law, as directed by an Act passed in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for discontinuing certain Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Great Britain, and for allowing other Drawbacks and Bounties in Lieu thereof until the Fifteenth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and four; or by an Act made in the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to provide more effectually for regulating the Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Ireland; and for allowing British Plantation Sugar to be warehoused in Ireland, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eight

VIII. And Whereas it is expedient to reduce the Quantity of refined Sugar required to he packed in each Package for Exportation to obtain the Drawback or Bounty; be it enacted, That the Drawback or Bounty due on the Exportation of refined Sugar, from that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain, shall be allowed and paid upon the Exportation of all refined Sugar (except Candy) when packed in Hogsheads, Calks or Cases, each of which shall contain Two Hundred Weight Avoirdupois of such Sugar at the leaf!; and also upon the Exportation from that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain of all Sugar called Candy, properly refined and manufactured, and free from Dirt and Scum, when packed in any Boxes or other Packages, each of which shall contain Fifty six Pounds Weight Avoirdupois of such Sugar called Candy at the least; any thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanorag.

IX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue in force until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty.

X. And be it further enacted, That this Act or any of the Provisions thereof may be amended, altered or repealed by any Act or Acts to be made in this present Session of Parliament.

TABLE to which this refers.

Bounty on refined Sugar called Bastards, or refined Loaf Sugar broken in pieces, or being ground or powdered Sugar. Bounty on other refined Sugar in Loaf complete and whole, or Lumps, duly refined, or on such Sugar pounded, crashed or broken, and on Sugar Candy. Additional Bounty on double refined Sugar.

Whatever may be thel average Price of Brown > or Muscovado Sugar J 30s. the Cwt. 46s. the Cwt. 8s. the Cwt. I t

4*3

Before Bounty paid. Oath by Refiners not being Exporters to be made to certain Particulars.

Oath to be made by Refiner being the Exporter.

Regulations relating to Claying of Sugar not to be regarded.

Bounty, See. not allowed on Sugar exported to or from Ireland; or affect the Countervailing Duties.

A & not to affe& the Deduction to be made from the Bounty on Sugar exported in any other than a British Vessel.

43 G-3* c.ii. 47 O.3. Sess. 1. c. 19.

Sugar (except Candy) may be packed in Hogsheads, &c. containing aoolb. and Candy Sugar in Packages containing j61b.

Continuance of Act,

which may be altered, Sec. thit Session.

4H

C. 35> 36.

58° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1818.

See O.3. c.zoi.

55 G, l. c.i?|.

CAP. XXXV.

An Act to provide for the maintaining of the Royal Canal from the River Liffey to the River Shannon in Ireland.

[23d May 1818.]

Treaty, dated Sept. 13.1817* recited.

CAP. XXXVI.

An Act tp into Execution a Treaty made between His Majesty and the King of Spain, for the preventing Traffic in Slaves.

[28th May 1818.]

WHEREAS a Treaty was made between His Majesty and His Catholic Majesty the King of Spain, 1 for preventing Traffic in Slaves, and signed at Madrid on the Twenty third Day of September One thousand eight hundred and seventeen: And Whereas by the First Article of the said Treaty, His

Catholic Majesty engaged that the Slave Trade shall be abolished throughout the entire Dominions of Spain on the Thirtieth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and twenty 5 and that from and after that Period it shall not be lawful for apy of the Subjects of the Crown of Spain to purchase Slaves, or to carry on the ' Slave Trade on any Part of the Coast of Africa, upon any Pretext or in any manner whatever 5 provided

however, that a Term of Five Months from the said Date of the Thirtieth of May One thousand eight hundred and twenty shall be allowed for completing the Voyages of Vessels which shall have been cleared ' out lawfully previously to the said Thirtieth of May: And Whereas it was by the Second Article of the said Treaty agreed, that from and after the Exchange of the Ratifications of the said Treaty, it shall not be lawful for any of the Subjects of the Crown of Spain to purchase Slaves, or to carry on the Slave Trade on any Part of the Coast q£ Africa to the North of the Equator, upon any Pretext or in any manner whatever 5 provided however, that a Term of Six Months from the Date of the Exchange of the Ratifica-

tions. of the said Treaty (halt be allowed for completing the Voyages of Vessels which shall have cleared out from Spanish Ports for the said Coast previously to the Exchange of the said Ratifications: And Whereas by the Third Article of the said Treaty, His Majesty engaged to pay in London, on the Twentieth of February One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, the Sum of Four hundred thousand Pounds Sterling to such Person as His Catholic Majesty shall appoint to receive the same: And Whereas it was by the Fourth Article of the Treaty agreed, that the said Sum of Four hundred thousand Pounds Sterling is to be considered as a full Compensation for all Losses sustained by the Subjects of His Catholic Majesty, engaged in this Traffic, on account of Vessels captured previously to the Exchange of the Ratifications of the said Treaty, as alfp for the Losses which aye a necessary Consequenpe of the Abolition of the said Traffic: And Whereas it was in the Fifth Article of the said Treaty declared and agreed, that every Traffic in Slaves, which should by carried on under the Circumstances in the said Article stated, should be considered as illicit; First, either by British Ships, and under the British Flag, or for the Account of British Subjects, by any Vessel, or under any Flag whatsoever: Secondly, by Spanish Ships upon any Part of the Coast of Africa North of the Equator, after the Exchange of the Ratifications of the said Treaty; provided however, that Six Months should be allowed for completing the Voyages of Vessels conformably to the Tenor of the Second Article of the said Treaty: Thirdly, either by Spanish Ships and under the Spanish Flag, or for the Account of Spanish Subie&s, by any Vessel, or under any Flag whatsoever, after the Thirtieth of May One thousand eight hundred and twenty, when the Traffic ip Slaves on the Part of Spain was declared by the said Treaty to cease entirely; and it was by the said Article provided, that Five Months should be allowed for the Completion of Voyages commenced in due time, conformably to the First Article of the said Treaty: Fourthly, under the British or Spanish Flag, for the Account of the

Subjects of any other Government s Fifthly, by Spanish Vessels bound for any rort pot in the Dominions of His Catholic Majesty: And Whereas by the tixth Article of the said Treaty, His Catholic Majesty engages to adopt, in Conformity to the Spirit of the said Treaty, the Measures which are best calculated to give full ana complete Effect to the laudable Objects thereof: And Whereas it was by the Seventh Article of the said Treaty stipulated, that every Spanish Vessel which shall be destined for the Slave Trade, on any Part of the Coast of Africa, where this Traffic still continues to be lawful, must be provided with a 4 Royal Passport, conformable to the Model annexed to the said Treaty, and which Model forms an integral Part of the fame, written in the Spanish Language with an authentic Translation in English annexed thereto and signed by His Catholic Majesty, and countersigned by the Minister of Marine, and also by the Principal

Naval Authority of the Distria, Station or Port from whence the Vessel clears out, whether in Spain* or

in the Colonial Possessions of His Catholic Majesty: And Whereas it was by the Eighth Article of the said Treaty agreed, that it should be underfood that this Passport, for Tendering lawful the Voyages of Slave Ships, mould be required only for the Continuation of the Traffic to the South of the Line, and that those Passports which were then issued, signed by the First Secretary of State of His Catholic Majesty, and

in Form prescribed by an Order of the Sixteenth of December One thousand eight hundred and sixteen. 4 should remain in full Force for all Vessels which may have cleared out for the Coast of Africa, as well to the North as to the South of the l^ine, previously to the Exchange of the Ratifications of the said Treaty: And Whereas it was also agreed and declared by the Ninth Article of the said Treaty, that the Ships of War of His Majesty and of His Catholic Majesty, which should be provided with special In7 .* structions for that Purpose, as mentioned in the said Treaty, may visit such Merchant Vessels of the two Nations as may he suspected, upon reasonable Grounds, for having Slaves on Board, acquired by an illicit f Trade; and in the Event only of their finding Slaves on board, may detain apd bring away such Vessels, in

order

A.D. 1818. 58° GEORGII III. C. 36.

order that they may be brought to Trial before the Tribunals to be established fot that Purpose, as specified

in the dud Treaty; and it was by the said Article' provided, that the Comtnriridert of* Shrpfe of War of the Royal NariefS of His Majesty arid Hie Catholic Majesty, who shall be employed in this Service, shall adhere strictly to the 6*act Tenor of the Instructions which they shall receive for this Purpose 5 and His Majesty and His Catholic Majesty engaged mutually to make good any Losses which the Subjects of His Majesty and of His Catholic Majesty might respectively incur unjustly, by the arbitrary and illegal Detention of their

Vessels, it being understood that this Indemnity shall invariable be borne by the Government wfiofe Cruizer shall have been guilty of the arbitrary Detention; provided always, that the Visit and Detention of Slave

Ships specified in the said Article shall only be effected by those Brittish or Spanish' Vessels which may form Part Of the two Royal Navies, and by those only of such Vessels which are provided with the fbecial In-

struction* annexed to the said Treaty: And Whereas it Was also agreed by the Tenth Article of the said Treaty, that no British or Spanish Cruizer shall detain any Slave Ship not naving Slaves actually on board,

and that in order to render lawful the Detention of the Ship, whether British or Spanish, the Slaves found on board such Vessel mu ft have been brought on board the Vessel for the express Jpurpose of the Traffic,

and those On board of Spanish Ships mud have been taken from that Part of the Coast of Africa where the Slave Trade is prohibited, conformably to the Tenor of the said Treaty s and it was also agreed by the Eleventh Article of the said Treaty, that all Ships of War of the two Nations which shall hereafter be destined to prevent the illicit Traffic in Slaves, shall be fumished with a Copy of the Inftrii&iofts annexed to the said Treaty, and considered as an integral Part thereof, with a Proviso rievertheless in the said Treaty,

that His Majesty and His Catholic Majesty, with mutual Consent, may after the Instructions in whole or ip part, according to Circumstances: And Whereas it was also by the Twelfth Article of the said Treaty provided, in Order to bring to Adjudication, with the least Delay and Inconvenience, the Vessels which may be detained for having been engaged in an illicit Traffic of Slaves, that there shall be established, within a Space of a Year at furthest from the Exchange of the Ratifications of the said Treaty, Two miXed Commissions,

formed of an equal Number of Persons of the two Nations, riamed for that Purpose by the respective Sovereigns; and that these Commissions shall reside, one in a Possession belonging to His Majesty, the other within the Territories of His Catholic Majesty 5 one of which Commissions is stipulated by the said Treaty to be always held upon the Coast of Africa, and the other in Orie of the Colonial Poflfefl£ons of His Catholic Majesty; and it Was by the said Treaty provided, that the said Commissions shall judge the Causes Submitted td them without Appeal, and according to the Regulations and Inftfuctions annexed to the said Treaty,

which said Inftrn&ions were by the said Treaty made an integral Part thereof: And Whereas the Instructions hereinbefore referred to, and annexed to the said Treaty as Part thereof, relating to the British stad Spanish Ships of War employed to prevent illicit: Traffic Jri Slaves, did in feveraf Artidles provide,

First, That every Brittish or Spanish Ship of War shall, in conformity with Article Nine of the Treaty, have 4 a Right to visit the Merchant Ships of either of the' Two Nations actually engaged Or suspected to be engaged in the Slave Trade; and if any Slaves ffialf be found on' board, according to the Tenor of the Tenth Article of the Treaty 5 and as to what regards the Spanish Vessels, if there shall be Ground to suspect that the said Slaves have been embarked on a Part of the Coast of Africa where the Traffic is* no longer permitted, conformably to the said Treaty 5 and in such Cases alone, the Commander of the said Ship of War may detain such Merchant Ship or Vessel, and shall, as soon as possible, bring the fame for Judgment before such of the Two mixed Commissions appointed by the Twelfth Article of the said Treaty, which shall be the rieaufeft or which the Commander or the capturing Ship shall, upon his own RefpOnfibliily, think he Can fooaeft reach from the Spot where the Slave Ship* shall have been detained: and it Wa& provided, that Ships on board of which no Slaves shall be founds intended for the Purposes of Traffic, shall1 riot be detained on any Account or Pretence whatsoever 5 and that Negro Servants or Sailors found on board* any such Vessels, shall not in any case be deemed a sufficient Cause for Detention: and it was also provided by the Second Article of the said last mentioned Instructions, that no Spatiish Merchantman or Slave Ship shall, on any Pretence whatever, be detained, which (brill be found any where near the Eririd, Or on the High Seas South of the Equator, during the Period for which the Traffic is to remain lawful, according to the said Treaty, unless after a Chace that shall have commenced North of the Equator: and it wris aHo provided by the Third Article of the said last mentioned IriflrruAioris, that Spanish Vessels, fornished with a regular Passport, having Slaves on board, shipped at those Parts of the Coast of Africa where the Trade is permitted to Spanish Subjects, and which mall' afterwards be found North of the Equator, shall not be detained l>y riny 4- British or Spanish Ship of War, if such Spanish Vessels can account for their Course, either in Conformity with the Practice of the Spanish Navigation, by fleering some Degrees to the Northward in search of

fair Winds, or for other legitimate Causes, such as the Dangers of the Sea*, duly proved; provided always, that with regard' to all Slave Ships detained to the North of the Equator, after the Expiration of the Term allowed, the Proof of the* Legality of the* Voyage is required" to be' furnished by the Vessel so detained; on the other Hand, With respect so Slave Snips detained to the South of the Equator, its Conformity with the Stipulations of the preceding Article, the Proof of the Illegality of the Voyage 4 w required to be exhibited by the Captor: and it was'in'like manner stipulated, that the Number of Slaves found' on board a Slave Ship by the Cruizertf, even if the Number should not agree with that contained in the Passport, shall not be sufficient Reason to justify the Detention of such Ship, but' that the Captain and the* Proprietor shall in such case'be denounced in the Spanish Tribunals, in order to their being punished according to the Laws of the Country: and it was also provided by the Fourth Article of the said last mentioned Jrfftrttdtions, that every Spanish Vessel intended to be employed in the legal Traffic of Slavesi in conformity with the Principles laid down itt the said Treaty^ shall be commanded by

4 a native

415

C. 36. 58° GEORGII III. A.D. 1818.

a native Spaniard, and Two thirds at least of the Crew shall likewise be Spaniards; and it was provided that the Spanish or foreign Construction of the Ship or Vessel shall in no wife affect the national Character of the Ship or Vessel, and that the Negro Sailors shall always be reckoned as Spaniards, provided they belong as Slaves to Subjects of the Crown of Spain, or that they have been enfranchised in the Dominions of His

Catholic Majesty 2 and it was also provided by the Fifth Article of the said last mentioned Instructions, that whenever a Ship of War shall meet a Merchantman liable to be Searched, it shall be done in the most mild manner, and with every attention which is due between allied and friendly Nations; and in no Case shall the Search be made by an Officer holding a Rank inferior to that of Lieutenant in the Navy of Great Britain or of Ensign of a Ship of the Line in the Spanish Navy; and it was also provided by the Sixth Article of the said last mentioned Instructions, that the Ships of War which may detain any Slave Ship, in pursuance of the Principles laid down in the said Instructions, shall leave on board all the Cargo of Negroes untouched, as well as the Captain, and a Part at least of the Crew of the Slave Ship 5 and that the Captain commanding the

Ship of War detaining any such Slave Ship shall draw up in Writing an authentic Declaration, which shall exhibit the State in which he found the detained Ship, and the Changes which may have taken place in

such Ship, and shall also deliver to the Captain of the Slave Ship a signed Certificate of the Papers seized

on board the Vessel, as well as of the Number of Slaves found on board at the Moment of Detention; and it is also provided, that the Negroes on board of any such Ship shall not be disembarked until after the Vessel detained shall arrive at the Place where the Legality of the Capture is to be tried by One of the Two mixed Commission8, in order that in the Event of the Vessel not being adjudged a legal Prize, the Lossof the Proprietors may be more easily repaired; with Proviso, however, that if urgent Motives, dedoced from the c Length of the Voyage, the State of Health of the Negroes, or other Causes, require that they shall be dif-

embarked entirely or in part, before the Vessel can arrive at the Place of Residence of One of the said Commissions, the Commander of the capturing Ship may take on himself the Responsibility of such Disembarkation, provided that the Necessity thereof shall be dated in a Certificate in proper Form: and it was also provided by the Seventh Article of the said Instructions, that no Conveyance of .Slaves from one Partin the Spanish Possessions to another, shall take place, except in Ships provided with Passports from the Spanish Government on the Spot for that Purpose 2 And Whereas the Regulations for the mixed Commissions which are to reside on the Coast of Africa, and in a Colonial Possession of His Catholic Majesty, and which were annexed to the said Treaty as Part thereof, have in several Articles provided, First, That the mixed Commissions to be established by the said Treaty upon the Coast of Africa, and in a Colonial Possession of His Catholic Majesty, shall decide upon the Legality of the Detention of such Slave Vessels as the Ships of War

of both Nations shall detain, in pursuance of the said Treaty, for carrying on an illicit Commerce in Slaves, and shall judge without Appeal, according to the Letter and Spirit of the said Treaty; and that the said Commissions shall give Sentence as summanly as possible, and decide (as far as they shall find it practicable)

within the Space of Twenty Days, to be dated from the Day upon which every detained Vessel shall have been brought into the Port where they shall reside, first, upon the Legality of the Capture, and secondly, in the Case in which the captured Vessel shall have been liberated, as to the Indemnification to be paid for the Capture and Detention; and it is by the said Regulations provided, that no final Sentence shall be delayed on account of the Absence of Witnesses, or for want of the Proofs, beyond the Period of Two Months, except upon Application of any of the Parties interested, when, upon their giving satisfactory Security to charge themselves with the Expence and Rifles of the Delay, the Commissioners may, at their Discretion, grant an additional Delay, not exceeding Four Months: and it was also by the Second Article of the said Regulations provided, that the said mixed Commissions, which are to reside on the Coast of Africa, and m 4 the Colonial Possessions of His Catholic Majesty, shall be composed in the following manner; that is to say, that His Majesty and His Catholic Majesty shall each of them name a Commissary Judge and a Commissioner of Arbitration, who shall be authorized to hear and decide, without Appeal, all Cases of Capture of Slave Vessels which, in pursuance of the Stipulation of the said Treaty, may be laid before them; and it was also provided, that all the essential Parts of the Proceedings carried on before the said mixed Commissions, shall be written down in the legal Language of the Country in which the Commission may reside; and it was also thereby provided, that the Commissary Judges and the Commissioners of Arbitration shall make Oath in Presence of the principal Magistrate of the Place in which the Commission may reside, % o judge fairly and faithfully, to have no Preference either for the Claimants or the Captors, and to act in all their Decisions in pursuance of the Stipulations of the Treaty; and it was also thereby provided, that there shall be attached to each Commission a Secretary or Registrar appointed by the Sovereign of the Country in which the Commission may reside, who shall register all its Acts, and who, previous to nis taking charge of his Office, shall make Oath m Presence of at least One of the Commissary Judges, to conduct himself with respect for their Authority, and to act with Fidelity in all the Affairs which may belong to his Charge 2 and it was also provided in the Third Article of the said Regulations, that the Form of the Process shall be as follows; that is to say, the Commissary Judges of the Two Nations shall, in the first Place, proceed to the Examination of the Papers of the Vessels, and receive the Depositions on Oath of the Captain, and of Two or Three at least of the Principal Individuals on board of the detained Vessel, as west as the Declaration on Oath of the-Captor, should it appear necessary in order to be able to judge and to pronounce if the said Vessel has been justly detained or not according to the Stipulations of the Treaty, in order that, according to their Judgment, the Vessel may be condemned or liberated, and in the Event of the Two Commissary Judges not agreeing upon the Sentence, whether as to the Legality of the Detention, or the Indemnification to be allowed, or upon any other Question which might result from the Stipulations of the Treaty, they shall draw by Lot the Name of One of the Two Commissioners of Arbitration, who, after having considered the Documents of the FrOcefs,

shall

A.D. 1818.

58° GEORGII III. C. 36.

shall consult with the Commissary Judges upon the Case in Question, and the final Sentence shall be pro- nounced conformably to the Opinion of the Majority of the Commissary Judges and of the Commissioner of Ar- bitration so chosen; and it wa9 also provided by the Fourth Article of the said Regulations, that as often as the Cargo of Slaves found on board of a Spanish Slave Ship shall have embarked from any Point whatever of the Coast of Africa where the Slave Trade continues to be lawful, such Slave Ship shall not be detained on Pretext that the above mentioned Slaves have been brought originally by Land from any other Part whatever of the Continent 5 and it was also provided by the Fifth Article of the said Regulations, that in the authenticated Declaration which the Captor shall make before the Commission as well as in the Certificate of the Papers seized, which shall be delivered to the Captain ofhe captured Vessel at the time of the Detention, the Captor shall state and declare his Name, and the Name of his Vessel, as well as the Latitude and Longitude of the Place where the Detention shall have taken place, and the Number of the Slaves found living on board the Slave Ship at the time of the Detention; and it was also provided, by the Sixth Article of the said Regulations, that as soon as any Sentence shall have been pasted, the detained Vessel, if liberated, ' and what may remain of the Cargo, shall be restored to the Proprietors, who shall, before the fame Commission, claim a Valuation of the Damages which they may have a Right to demand 5 and that the Captor himself, and in his default, the Government to which the Captor shall belong, shall remain responsible for such Damages, which the said Governments respectively bind themselves to defray, within the Term of a Year from the Date of the Sentence, it being understood that all such Indemniflcations shall be at the Expence of the Government of which the Captor shall be a Subject; and it was also by the Seventh Article of the said Regulations provided, that in case the Condemnation of any Vessel for an unlawful Voyage, the Vessel shall be declared lawful Prize, as well as her Cargo, of whatever Description it may be, with the Exception of, the Slaves who may be on board, as Objects of Commerce; and the said Vessel, as well as her Cargo, shall be sold by public Sale, for the Profit of the Two Governments; and as to the Slaves, they shall receive from the mixed Commission a Certificate of Emancipation, and shall be delivered over to the*Government on whose Territory the Commission which shall have so judged them shall be established, to be employed as Servants or free Labourers; and it was also further provided by the Eighth Article of the said*Regulations, that every Claim for Compensation of Losses, occasioned by any Ships being inspected and' detained, as carrying on an illicit Trade in Slaves, but not afterwards condemned as lawful Prize by the*mixed Commissions, shall be also heard and judged by the said Commissions, in the Form provided by the Third Article of the said Regulation; and in all Ca(es wherein Restitution shall be so decreed, the Commission shall award to the Claimant or Claimants, or his or their lawful Attorney or Attornies, for his or their Use, a just and complete Indemnification for all Costs of Suit, and for all Losses and Damages, which the Claimant or Claimants may have actually sustained by such Capture and Detention; that is to say, in (case of Total*Loss, the Claimant or Claimants shall be indemnified, first, for the Ship, her Tackle, Apparel4 and Stores 5 secondly, for all Freight due and payable 5 thirdly, for the Value of the Cargo of Merchandize, ' if any; fourthly, for the Slaves on board at the time of Detention, according to the computed Value of such Slaves at the Place of Destination, deducing therefrom the usual lair average Mortality, for the unexpired Period of the regular Voyage, deducing also for all Charges and Expences payable upon the Sale of such Cargoes, including Commission of Sale; and fifthly, for all other regular Charges in such Cases of Total Loss; and in all other Cases not of Total Loss, the Claimant or Claimants shall be indemnified, first, for all special Damages and Expences occasioned to the Ship by the Detention, and for the Loss of Freight, when due or payable; secondly, a Demurrage, when due, according to the Schedule annexed to the said Eighth Article; thirdly, a daily Allowance for Subsistence of Slaves, of One Shilling or Four Reals and Half de Vor, for each Person, without distinction of Age or Sex, for so many Days as it shall1 appear to the Commission that the Vdyage has been or may be delayed by reason of such Detention; as like wife, fourthly, for any Deterioration of Cargo or Slaves; fifthly, for any Diminution in the Value of the Cargo of Slaves, proceeding from an increased Mortality beyond the average Amount of the Voyage, or from Sickness occasioned by Detention, this Value to be ascertained by their computed Price at the Place of Destination, as in the above Case of Total Loss; sixthly, an Allowance of Five per Centum on the Amount of the Capital employed in the Purchase and Maintenance of Cargo, for the Period of Delay occasioned by the Detention; and, seventhly, for all Premium of Insurance on additional Rifles; and the Claimant or Claimants shall likewise be entitled to Interest, at the Rate of Five Centum per Annum, on the Sum awarded, until paid by the Government to which the capturing Ship belongs; the whole Amount of such Indemnifications being calculated in the Money of the Country to which the captured Ship belongs, and to be liquidated at the Exchange current at the time of Award, excepting the Sum for the Subsistence of Slaves, which shall be paid at par, as above stipulated; and to avoid as mud) as possible every Species of Fraud in the Execution of the said Treaty, it was agreed, that if it should be proved to the Conviction of the Commissary Judges of the Two Nations, and without having recourse to the Decision of a Commissioner of Arbitration, that the Captor has been led into Error by a voluntary and a represensible Fault on the Part of the Captain of the detained Ship, in that case only the detained Ship shall not have the Right of receiving during the Days of her Detention, the Demurrage stipulated by the said Eighth Article; and to the said Eighth Article a Schedule of Demurrage or daily Allowance was annexed, as follows; that is to say, for a Vessel of

100 Tons to 120 inclusive

121 ditto - 150 ditto -

151 ditto - 170 ditto -

171 ditto - 200 ditto -

58 6eo. III.

6

8

10

per Diem,

H

201 Tons to 220 inclusive - -j£ii

221 ditto - 250 ditto - - 12

251 ditto - 270 ditto - - 14

270 ditto - 300 ditto - - 15 J

1

per Diem,

and

4i 8 C. 36.

58° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1818.

Ships of War duly authorized may (ear<: h fuf-pcded Vessels, and detain and bring them to Adjudication. Suspe&ed British Vessels, and all Boats, &c. sub-je£t to search by Spanish or Btilish Vessels, and to Forfeiture and to Condemnation by the Comraif-lioners under the Treaty.

and so in proportion; and it was also by the said Ninth Article of the said Regulations provided, that

when the Proprietor of a Ship suspected of carrying on an illicit Trade in Slaves, released in consequence of

a Sentence of one of the mixed Commissions (or in the Case as above mentioned of Total Loss) shall claim

Indemnification for the Loss of Slaves which he may have suffered, he shall in no case be entitled to claim

for more than the Number of Slaves which his Vessel, by the Spanish Laws, was authorized to carry, which

Number shall always be dated in his Passport 5 and it was also provided in the Tenth Article of the said

Regulations, that neither the Judges nor the Arbitrators, nor the Secretary of the mixed Commissions,

shall be permitted to demand or receive, from any of the Parties concerned in the Sentences which they shall

pronounce, any Emolument, under any Pretext whatsoever, for the Performance of the Duties which are imposed upon them by the said Regulations; and it was also provided by the Eleventh Article of the said 1 Regulations, that if any Parties interested shall imagine they have Cause to complain of any evident Injustice 1 on the Part of the mixed Commissions, they may represent it to their respective Governments, who reserve

to themselves the Right of mutual Correspondence, for the Purpose of removing, when they think fit, the

Individuals who may compose these Commissions; and it was also provided by the Twelfth Article of the said Regulations, that in case of a Vessel being improperly detained under Pretence of the Stipulations of the Treaty, and the Captor not being able to justify himself, either by the Tenor of the said Treaty, or of the Instructions annexed to it, the Government to which the detained Vessel may belong shall be entitled to demand Reparation, and in such caTe the Government to which the Captor may belong binds itself to cauTe

Inquiry to be made into the Subject of the Complaint, and to inflict upon the Captor, if he be found to

have deserved it, a Punishment proportioned to the Transgression which may have been committed; and it was also by the Thirteenth Article of the said Regulations agreed, that in the Event of the Death of One or more of the Commissary Judges, or the Commissioners of Arbitration, composing the above mentioned mixed Commissions, their Posts shall be supplied ad interim in the following manner 5 that is, on the Part of the British Government, the Vacancies shall be filled successively in the Commission, which shall fit within the Possessions of His Majesty, by the Governor or Lieutenant Governor resident in that Colony, by the principal Magistrate of the fame, and by the Secretary 5 and in that which shall fit within the Possessions of His Catholic Majesty*

it was agreed, that in case of the Death of the British Judge or Arbitrator there, the remaining Individual*

' of the said Commission shall proceed equally to the Judgment of such Slave Ships as may be brought before ' them, and to the Execution of their Sentence 5 and in such Case alone the Parties interested shall have the Right of appealing from the Sentence if they think fit, to the Commission resident upon the Coast of Africa;

and the Government to which the Captor shall belong shall be bound fully to make good the Compensation

which shall be due to them in case the Appeal be decided in favour of the Claimants, but the Vessel and

Cargo shall remain during such Appeal in the Place of Residence of the first Commission before which they shall have been carried; and it was thereby agreed, that on the Part of Spain the Vacancies shall be supplied in the Possession of His Catholic Majesty by such Persons of Trust as the Principal Authority of the Country

shall appoint; and upon the Coast of Africa, in case of the Death of any Spanish Judge or Arbitrator, the Commission shall proceed to Judgment in the same manner as above specified, for the Commission resident in the Possession of His Catholic Majesty, in the Event of the British Judge or Arbitrator; an Appeal being in this Case like wife allowed to the Commission resident in the Possession of His Catholic Majesty, and in

general all the Provisions of the former Case being to be applied; and it was further agreed by the said ( Article, that all Vacancies which may arise in the above mentioned Commissions, from Death or any other Cause, should be supplied as soon as possible; and in case that the Vacancy of any of thfSpanish Commissioners in the British Possessions, or of the British Commissioners in the Spanish Possession, be not supplied at the End of the Term of Seven Months for America, and of Twelve for Africa, the Vessels which shall be brought to the said Possessions respectively shall cease to have the Right of Appeal above stipulated;

AndWl lereas it is expedient and necessary that effectual Provision should be made for carrying into Execution the Provisions of the said Treaty Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for any Officers commanding any Ship of War of His Majesty, duly authorized in that behalf, and provided with Instructions according to the Provisions of the said Convention, to visit and search all Ships and Vessels which shall be suspected, upon reasonable Grounds, of having Slaves on board, acquired by an illicit Traffic, and to detain and bring to Adjudication all Ships, Vessels and Cargoes therein made subject to Detention and Condemnation, according to the Provisions of the said Treaty, and the Regulations and Instructions aforesaid.

II. And be it further enacted, That all Ships and Vessels belonging wholly or in part to His Majesty's Subjects, which shall be suspected upon reasonable Grounds of having Slaves on board, acquired by an illicit Traffic, shall be and are hereby declared and made, according to the Ninth Article of the said Treaty, subject to the Visitation and Search of British or Spanish Vessels of War, duly authorized for that Purpose, according to the Provisions of the said Treaty; and that all Ships and Vessels belonging wholly or in part to His Majesty's Subjects, which shall be found having Slaves on board, acquired by an illicit Traffic* contrary to the Provisions of the Ninth and Tenth Articles of the said Treaty, so recited as aforesaid, and all Boats, Apparel, Furniture and Slaves belonging to such Ships or Vessels, and all Cargoes therein, shall be and are hereby declared to be and made subject to the Search and Detention of British or Spanish Vessels of War duly authorized for that Purpose, according to the Stipulations of the said Treaty, and to Forfeiture according to the Provisions of the said Treaty, and of the Regulations and Instructions thereunto annexed, and shall also be and are hereby made subject to the Adjudication of and to Condemnation or other Judgment by the Commissary Judges and Commissioner*

A.D. 1818. 58° GEORGII III. C. 36.

missioners to be appointed according to the Provisions of the said Treaty, and to the Instructions and Regiu lations annexed thereto, repited as aforesaid.

III. And be it farther eaa&ed, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, by any Warrant under His Royal Sign Manual, countersigned by One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State for the time being, to appoint such Commissary Judges and Commissioners of Arbitration as are in and by the said Treaty, and Regulations thereto annexed, mentioned to be appointed by His Majesty, and from time to time to supply any Vacancies which may arise in such Offices, by appointing other Persons thereto, and to grant Salaries to such Commissary Judges and Commissioners of Arbitration as aforesaid, not exceeding such Annual Sums as the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of Great Britain and Ireland shall from time to time direct; and such Commissary Judges and Commissioners are hereby authorized and empowered to examine and decide all such Cases of Detention, Captures and Seizures of Vessels and their Cargoes as aforesaid, detained, seized, taken or captured under the said Treaty or Instructions and Regulations, as are by the said Treaty, Instructions and Regulations, and by this Act, made subject to their Jurisdiction, and to proceed therein, and give such Judgments, and make such Orders therein, and do all other Acts, matters and things appertaining thereto, agreeably to the Provisions of the said Treaty, and the Instructions and Regulations annexed thereto, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if special Powers and Authorities for that Purpose were specific-ally and particularly inserted and given in relation thereto in this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, by any Warrant under His Royal' Sign Manual, countersigned. by One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State for the time being, to nominate and appoint a Secretary or Registrar to the Commission which shall be established in His Majesty's Dominions, and from time to tim? to supply, by other Appointments, any Vacancy which may thereafter occur in such Office, and to grant Salaries to such Secretary or Registrar, not exceeding such Annual Sum as the said Lords Commissioners mall from time to time direct; and such Secretary or Registrar is hereby respectively authorized and empowered to do, perform and execute all the Duties of such Office, and set forth and describe in the said Treaty, Instructions and Regulations respectively, and to do, perform and execute all such Acts, matters and things as may be necessary for the due Discharge of the Duties of his Office, according to the Provisions of the said Treaty and Instructions and Regulations.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Governor, or Lieutenant Governor, or principal Magistrate of the Colony or Settlement in which the Commission shall fit, within the Possessions of His Britannic Majesty, to fill up every Vacancy which shall arise in such Commission, either of Commissary Judge, Commissioner or any Officer thereof, appointed by His Majesty as aforesaid, according to the Provisions contained in the Thirteenth Article of the before recited Regulations annexed to the said Treaty, ad interim, until such Vacancy or Vacancies shall be thereafter filled by some Person or Persons appointed by His Majesty for that Purpose*

VI. And be it further enacted, That every Commissary Judge and Commissioner of Arbitration appointed by His Majesty shall, before he shall enter upon the Execution of any of the Duties of such his Office, take an Oath, in the Presence of the principal Magistrate then residing and acting in the Colony, Settlement or Place, whether belonging to His Britannic or His Most Catholic Majesty, in which the Commission shall be appointed to reside; which Oath every such Magistrate in any Colony, Settlement or Place belonging to His Majesty, in which such Court or Commission shall be appointed to reside, is hereby authorized to administer in the Form following; that is to say,

I A.B. do foleranly swear, That I will, according to the best of my Skill and Knowledge, ad in the Exe-

cation of my Office as faithfully* impartially, fairly, and without Preference or Favour,

either for Claimants or Captors, or any other Persons; and that I will, to the best of my Judgment and Power, ad in pursuance of and according to the Stipulations, Regulations and Instructions contained in the Treaty between His Majesty and His Catholic Majesty signed at Madrid on the Twenty third Day of September One thousand eight hundred and seventeen. So help me GOD*'

And every Secretary or Registrar appointed by His Majesty under the Provisions of the Treaty and Regulations and Instructions, and of this Act, shall, before he enters on the Duties of his said Office, take an Oath before the British Cortimissary Judge as aforesaid, who is hereby empowered to administer the same, in the Form following; that is to say,

I A.B. do solemnly swear, That I will, according to the best of my Skill and Knowledge, ad in the Execution of my Office; and that I will conduct myself with Respect to the Authority of the Commissary Judges and Commissioners of Arbitration of the Commission to which I am attached; and will ad with Fide-

lity in all the Affairs which may belong to my Charge, and without Preference or Favour, either for Claimants

or Captors, or any other Persons. So help me GOD.'

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissary Judges or either of them, or for any such Secretary or Registrar, and they are hereby respectively empowered, to administer Oaths to and take the Depositions of all Parties, Witnesses and other Persons who may come or be brought before them to be examined, or for the Purpose of deposing, in the Course of any Proceeding before the said Commissary Judges, or before the said Commissary Judges and the Commissioner of Arbitration, in the Cases in which such Commissioners of Arbitration shall act with the said Commissary Judges under the said Treaty, Instructions or Regulations, or this Act; and it shall also be lawful for the said Commissary Judges and Commissioners of Arbitration, in the Cases aforesaid, to summon before them all Persons whom they may deem it necessary or proper to examine in relation to any Suit, Proceeding or matter or thing under their Cognizance; and to (end for and issue Precepts for the producing of all such Papers as may relate to the Matters in question before them, and to

3 H 2 enforce

419

His Majesty may appoint and grant Salaries to Commissary Judges and Com-raissioners of Arbitration.

Power of such Judges and Com minion ers.

And also Secretary and Registrar, with Salaries; who are empowered to execute the Duties of their Offices according 10 the Treaty.

Governors, &c. of Colonies may fill up Vacanies in the Commission fitting in Colonies, ad interim.

Commissary Judges and Commissioners of Arbitration to take the following Oath.

Secretary or Registrar to take die following Oath.

Commissary Judges and Secretary or Registrar may administer Oaths.

Commissary Judges and Commissioners of Arbitration may summon

420

Persons and call for Papers, &c.

Persons giving false Evidence.guilty of Per* jury.

Where tritd.

Venue.

Suit pending, or Judgment by Commission, may be pleaded n Bar, or given in Evidence to any Action brought for any thing done under the Treaty.

Article in Treafy as to the 40o, ooooL may be pleaded in bar of any Action for Reftitu-tion, &c.

Proviso for Jurisdiction of Prize Courts and Courts of .Appeal.

Proviso in case of Captors not establishing their Rights.

Proviso for Penalties or Provi-(ionsin any Act for Suppression of the Slave Tntde.

[General Issue.]

Treble Curts.

C. 36. 58° GEORGII III. A.D. 1818.

enforce all such Summonses, Orders and Precepts by such and the like Means, Powers and Authorities as any Court of Vice Admiralty may'do.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall wilfully and corruptly give false Evidence in any Examination or Deposition had, or Affidavit taken, upon or in any Proceeding before the said Commissary Judges or Commissioners aforesaid, under the said Treaty, Instructions or Regulations, of this Act, shall be deemed guilty of Perjury, and being thereof convicted, shall be subject and liable to all the Punishments, Pains and Penalties to which Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury are liable; and every such Person may be tried for any such Perjury either in the Place where the Offence was committed, or in any Colony or Settlement of His Majesty near thereto, in which there is a Court of competent Jurisdidon to try any such Offence, or in His Majesty's Court of King's Bench in England; and that in case of any Prosecution for such Offence in His Majesty's said Court of King's Bench, the Venue may be laid in the County of Middlesex.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Pendency of any Suit or Proceeding, instituted before the said Commissioners, for the Condemnation or Restition of any Ship or Cargo, or Slaves, taken, seized or detained by virtue of the said Treaty, or Instructions or Regulations thereto annexed, or the final Adjudication, Condemnation or Judgment or Determination thereupon, may be pleaded in Bar, or given in Evidence under the General Issue, and shall be and be deemed and adjudged, in any Court whatever, to be a good and complete Bar, in any Action, Suit or Proceeding, whether brought or instituted by any Person or Persons for the Recovery of any such Ship, Vessel or Cargo, or of any Damage, or for any Injury sustained thereby, or by the Persons on board the fame, in consequence of any Capture, Seizure or Detention, or Act, matter or thing done under the Authority or in pursuance of the Provisions of the said Treaty, or of the Instructions or Regulations thereto annexed; any thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament or Law or Laws to the contrary notwithstanding.

X. And be it further enacted, That the Sum of Four hundred thousand Pounds, stipulated to be paid by the said Treaty, and paid and accepted accordingly, as a full Compensation for all Losses sustained by the Subject of His Catholic Majesty, on account of Vessels captured previously to the Exchange of the Ratification of the said Treaty, and for the Losses which are a necessary Consequence of the Abolition of the said Traffic in Slaves, shall be considered and taken to be a full Compensation for all such Losses as aforesaid 5 and that the said Stipulation, as in this Act recited and contained, may be pleaded in Bar, or given in Evidence upon the General Issue, and shall be and be deemed and adjudged in every Court whatever to be a good and complete Bar in any and every Action, Suit or Proceeding brought or instituted for Restitution, or any other matter or thing in relation to any such Capture, or for any Damage or Injury sustained thereby, or in relation thereto, or for any such Losses as aforesaid; any thing contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lords Commissioners of Appeal in Prize Causes, and for the High Court of Admiralty in all Cases and Questions arising out of the said Captures, that may be depending before them, or that may be brought before them on Appeal from any Vice Admiralty Court, according to their respective Jurisdictions, to proceed therein, and to hear and determine all Questions respecting any Right or Interest in or to the fame, to which His Majesty, or the Captors or Seizors of such Ships, Vessels or Cargoes, may claim to be entitled, by reason of the Capture or Seizure thereof, and the Laws relating thereto, and to enforce their Judgments and Orders therein, by the usual Process of the said Courts; any thing in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in all such Cases as aforesaid, in which the Captors Seizors shall not establish any Right or Interest on their behalf, by reason of the Capture thereof, and the Laws relating thereto, it shall be lawful for the said Courts respectively to order and adjudge the Ships, Vessels and Cargoes, or the Proceeds thereof, and all and every Part thereof, unto or to which the Captors shall not establish any Right or Interest as aforesaid, to be delivered or paid, to the Use of His Majesty, to such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being shall appoint to receive the same, and to enforce the Delivery or the Payment thereof by the usual Process of the said Courts respectively; any thing in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained mall extend, or be deemed or construed in any wise to alter, suspend, affect, relax or repeal any of the Clauses, Penalties, Forfeitures or Punishment8 contained and enacted in any Act or Acts of Parliament made for the Suppression or Prevention of the Slave Trade 5 but that all such Acts of Parliament, and all Clauses, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures and Punishments therein respectively contained, shall remain in full Force and Virtue; any thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIV. And be it furth er enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced, either in Great Britain or elsewhere, against any Person or Persons, for any thing done in pursuance of the said Treaty, or Inflections or Regulations thereto annexed, or of this Act, the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit may plead the General Issue, and give this Act as herein recited and the special Matter in Evidence, at any Tnal to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the Authority of the said Treaty, Instructions or Regulations, or of this Act; and if it shall appear so to have been done, the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and if the Plaintiff shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his Action after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if Judgment shall be given upon any Verdict or Demurrer against the Plaintiff, the Defendaht or Defendants shall recover Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same as Defendants have in other Cases by Law.

C. 37> 3&

A.D. 1818. 58° GEORGII III.

421

CAP. XXXVII.

An Act for further continuing, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, an Act of the Forty fourth Year of His present Majesty, to continue the restrictions, contained in several Acts of His present Majesty, on Payments of Cacti by the Bank of England.

[28th May 1818.]

WHEREAS it is highly delirable that the Bank of England should, as soon as possible, return to the

Payment of its Notes in Cash: And Whereas an Act was passed in the Forty fourth Year of the 44 G. 3. c.i.*Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to continue, until Six Months after the Ratification of a 1 Definitive Treaty of Peace, the RefiriSions contained in several Acts made in the Thirty seventh, Thirty eighth,

Forty second and Forty third Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, on Payments of Cash by the Bank of England; which Act has by several subsequent Acts been continued until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and* eighteen: And Whereas unforeseen Circumstances, which have occurred since*the passing of the last of the said Acts, have rendered it expedient that the said Restrictions should be further continued, and that another Period Should be fixed for the Termination thereof May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act shall be and the fame is hereby continued, further continued until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen.

CAP. XXXVIII.

An Act to extend and render more effectual the present Regulations for the Relief of Seafaring Men and Boys, Subjects of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Foreign Parts.

[28th May 1818.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of King William the n & 11 W.3.

4 y, Third, intituled An Act for the more effectual Suppression of Piracy, it is enacted, that in case any c 7. f 18.

Matter of a Merchant Ship or Vessel Should, after the Nine and twentieth Day of September One thousand seven hundred, during his being Abroad, force any Man on Shore, or wilfully leave him behind in any of*His Majesty's Plantations or elsewhere, or Should refuse to bring Home with him again all such of the Men which he carried out with him as Should be in a Condition to return, when he Should be ready to proceed in his Homeward bound Voyage, every such Matter Should, being thereof legally convicted, fuller Three Months' Imprisonment without Bail or Mainprize 5 but no Mode of Prosecution is provided by the said Act in case of Offences committed against the fame : ' For Remedy whereof be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of Offences against this Act all Offences committed against the said Act of the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of the said Act to King William the Third shall and may be prosecuted by Indictment or Information, at the Suit of His i, e/^oftcutted^ Majesty's Attorney General, in His Majesty's Court of King's Bench at Westminster; and that in such informarion fn Indictment or Information the Offence or Offences shall and may be alleged to have been committed at West- the Court of minster in the County of Middlesex; and that the said Court shall be and the fame is hereby authorized to King's Bench at issue a Commission or Commissions for the Examination of Witnesses Abroad, and that the Depositions taken Westminster, under such Commission or Commissions shall be received in Evidence on the Trial of such IndiAments and &c'

Informations respectively.

II. 4 And Whereas by an Act passed in the Thirty first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King 3lG.a. c. 10.

George the Second, intituled An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen employed in the Royal Navy, and for establishing a regular Method for the pundual, frequent and certain Payment of their Wages, and for enabling them more easily and readily to remit the fame for the Support of tlmr Wives and Families, and for preventing Frauds and Abuses attending such Payments, .it is enacted, that every Matter or Person having Charge of a § a7«

Merchant Ship or Vessel that Should arrive in Foreign Parts, and be Homeward bound from thence to any Port in Great Britain, Should take on board such and so many Seafaring Men or Boys, Subjects of Great Britain, as Should by Shipwreck, Capture or other unavoidable Accident, be driven or call away to, or*that Should be discharged as unserviceable from any of the Ships or Vessels of the Royal Navy, at Foreign Parts or Places where Governors, Ministers and Consuls appointed by His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, Should reside, or where none such are resident, where any Two or more British Merchants Should reside, as the said Governors, Ministers, Consuls or Merchants Should direct, not exceeding Four for each One Hundred Tons of which his Ship Should consist; but no Penalty or Mode of Prosecution is imposed or provided by the said Act in case of Neglect or Refusal to obey the Directions therein contained For Remedy whereof be it enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, any Matter or Person having the Matters of Vef-Charge of any Merchant Ship or Vessel belonging to any of His Majesty's Subjects that shall be or arrive in atF°r!?Sn any such Foreign Parts, and be bound from thence to any Port in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and ta£e onboard Ireland, and who shall be required in Writing under the Hand or Hands of any such Governor, Minister, Seafaring Men Consul or Merchants, to take on board any such Seafaring Man or ^Boy, Men or Boys, being a Subject or being His Ma-Subjects of the said United Kingdom, not exceeding the Number mentioned in the said Act, for the Purpose jetty's Subjects, of carrying and conveying him or them to the said Port in the said United Kingdom, and who shall neglect and Number* refuse to take on board or to carry and ponvey him or them accordingly, shall for every such Offence forfeit and ment*lune<j jn

pay said Art.

4-22

[Penalty.]

Hpw recovered.

Regulations to be observed in case of leaving Seafaring Men at Foreign Ports on Account of Sickness.

Matter* neglecting to deliver an Account of Wages due to such Seafaring Persons.

Penalty aol

36 G. 3. c. 88.

Proceedings may be militated against Tenant* of aol. a Year,

Proceedings by way of Civil Bill valid in Case* under the said Act.

Affidavits of Landlords or

C. 38, 39. 58° GEORGII III. A.D. 1818.

pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds for each and every such Man or Boy whom he shall so refuse or neglect to take on board, and to carry and convey as aforesaid, to be recovered by Information, at the Suit of His Majesty's Attorney General, in His Majesty's Court of King's Bench or Exchequer at Westminster; and that in such Information the Offence or Offences shall and may be alleged to have been committed at Westminster in the County of Middlesex* and that the Court in which such Information shall be brought shall be and the fame is hereby authorized to issue a Commission or Commissions for the Examination of Witnesses Abroad, and that the Depositions taken under such Commission or Commissions shall be received in Evidence on the Trial of such Information.

III. And be it further enacted, That if any Matter or other Person having Charge of any Merchant Ship or Vessel belonging to any of His Majesty's Subjects shall leave any Seafaring Man or Boy on Shore at any Foreign Port or Place, on account of Sickness or any other Inability to proceed on the Voyage, every such Matter or Person having the Charge of such Ship or Vessel shall deliver to the Governor, Mipitter or Consul, if any there, or if not, then to Two respectable Merchants at such Port or Place, a true and just Account of the Wagesdue to such Seafaring Man or Boy, and pay the Amount thereof, either in Money, or by a Bill upon the Owner or Owners of such Ship or Vessel, to such Governor, Minister, Consul or Merchants, as the Case may be; and in default of his so doing, or in case of the Owner or Owners not accepting and paying such Bill when due, such Owner or Owners shall be liable to an Action for the Amount, with Interest at the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum* to be brought in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or Dublin, or in His Majesty's Court of Exchequer in Scotland, at the Suit of the Holder or Holders of such Bill, as for Money had and received by such Owner or Owners to his or their Use; but, in case of Payment of such Wages being duly made as required by this Act, the fame, when received by the said Governor, Minister, Consul or Merchants, as the Case may be, shall be applied by him or them towards the Payment of any Hospital Expences of such Seafaring Man or Boy as 'aforesaid, (except the Charges for his Subsistence, ) and also towards the Payment of the Expences of Clothing, Bedding or other Necessaries that may be supplied to him, and the Remainder (if any) shall be paid to such Seafaring Man or Boy.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any such Matter or other Person having Charge of any such Ship or Vessel, and leaving any such Seafaring Man or Boy on Shore as aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to deliver a just and true Account of the Wages due to such Seafaring Man or Boy as aforesaid, and to pay the Amount thereof in Money, or by such Bill as aforesaid; or shall deliver a false Account of such Wages or Pay, less than the full and true Amount thereof in manner aforesaid 5 every such Matter or other Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds, to be recovered with full Costs of Suit by any Person or Persons who will sue for the fame by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoign, Protection, Wager of Law or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; and that in such Action, Bill, Plaint or Information, it shall be sufficient to allege that the Offence or Offences was or were committed at Westminster in the County of Middlesex; and that the Court in which such Action, Bill, Plaint or Information is brought, shall be and the fame is hereby authorized to issue a Commission or Commissions for the Examination of Witnesses Abroad, and] that the Depositions taken under such Commission or Commissions shall be received in Evidence on the Trial of such Action, Bill, Plaint or Information respectively,

CAP. XXXIX.

An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the Fifty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending the Law of Ireland respecting the Recovery of Tenements from absconding, overholding, and defaulting Tenants, and for the Protection of the Tenant from undue Distress.

[28th May 1818.]

WHEREAS an Act passed in the Fifty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend the Law of Ireland respecting the Recovery-of Tenements from abjconding, overbolding

and defaulting Tenants, and for the Prota&ion of the Tenant from undue Distress: And Whereas Doubts have

arisen whether a Tenement which has been held by a Tenant at the precise Rent of Twenty Pounds by the

Year is within the Provisions of the said Act 5' For Removal thereof, be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That in all Cases where any Tenement shall have been held at a Rent of Twenty Pounds by the Year, it shall be lawful to proceed respecting the said Tenement in the same manner as by the said Act is provided with respect to any Tenement which shall have been held at a less Rent than Twenty Pounds by the Year.

II.*And Whereas it hath been usual in Proceedings by Way of Civil Bill to insert the Civil Bill in the c Process served upon the Defendant, but it hath been doubted whether it is not necessary in Proceedings

under the said Act to file the Civil Bill with the Clerk of the Peace previous to serving Process upon the

Defendant: An^ Whereas it is reasonable that the Proceedings by Way of Civil Bill under the said Act should be conformable, as nearly as possible, to Proceedings by Way of Civil Bill in other Cases* Be it therefore further enacted, That in all Cases falling within the Provisions of the said Act, the Service of the Civil Bill and Process thereon, in such Forms as are contained in the Schedule to this Act annexed, or in any other Forms to the like Effect, shall be as valid and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes, as the Service of any Civil Bill and Process thereupon now by Law is in any other Proceeding by Way of Civil Bill.

III.*And Whereas in Proceedings under the said Act for the Recovery of the Possession of Lands or

Tenements, Doubts have arisen as to the Admifiibility or Sufficiency in certain Cases of the Affidavit of the

'13 < Landlord

Landlord or Lessor or his Agent, for ascertaining the Amount of Rent due; For Removal thereof; be it enacted, That in all Proceedings under the said Act, such Affidavit shall be as admissible, and to all Intents and Purposes of the like Force and Efficacy, as it would have been if the Proceeding had been by Action of Ejedment.

IV.*And Whereas it is reasonable that in Proceedings for the Recovery of the Possession of Lands or Te-r nements under the Provisions of the said Act, the Power of enforcing the Attendance of Witnesses, whether on the Part of the Plaintiff or Defendant, should be the same as if the Proceeding had been by Action of Ejedment $' Be it therefore enacted, That in all such Proceedings as aforesaid, the Process adTcJlificandum, signed by the Clerk of the Peace, shall contain the fame Penalty, and be of the fame Efficacy, for the Purpose of compelling the Attendance of any Witness, whether such Witness shall reside within the County or not, as any Svbpana ad TeJHficandum which might or could be sued out if the Proceeding had been by Action of Ejedment.

V. 4 And Whereas it is reasonable, in Cases where it may happen that the Assistant Barrister of any

County, or the Chairman of the Session of the Peace of the County of Dublin, or the Recorder of the County of the City ol Dublin, is the Landlord or Lessor of any Tenement within his own Jurisdiction, that Provision should be made for extending to such Landlord or Lessor the Benefits of the said Act; Be it therefore enacted, That in every such Case it shall and may be lawful for such Landlord or Lessor to proceed by Way of Civil Bill respecting such Tenement, before any Judge of Assize who shall preside in the Civil Court of the County wherein such Tenement is situate, in the same manner as any other Lessor or Landlord might proceed, respecting any other Tenement, before such Assistant Barrister, Chairman or Recorder, as the Case may be.

VI. And be it further enacted, That an Appeal shall lie from any Decree of such Judge, upon such Civil Bill, to the next going Judge of Assize, in the same manner, and subject to the fame Restrictions, Conditions and Limitations, as if the Decree had been pronounced by an Assistant Barrister.

VII. 4 And Whereas the Trouble of the Assistant Barristers, Chairman of the Sessions of the Peace, and

Recorder, and of the Clerks of the Peace, and of the Attornies of the Parties, is much greater in Proceedings

for the Recovery of the Possession of Lands and Tenements under the Provisions of the said Act, than in Cases of other Civil Bills 5 and it is reasonable that the Fees of the said Persons upon such Proceedings should be increased; Be it therefore further enacted, That the several Fees and Sums following, and no greater Sums, shall be charged and taken from any Person filing or being sued upon any Civil Bill brought for the Recovery of the Possession of any Lands or Tenements:

To the Assistant Barrister, Chairman or Recorder, upon the Entry of the Civil Bill / 5 d.

Upon every Affidavit -

Upon every Recognizance and Bail taken on an Appeal - — 1 1

For signing a Renewal - 6}

For signing a Decree or Dismiss - - — 5

But no Charge to be made on the Second Copy thereof. For every Bill of Costs, where the fame is actually taxed by him between Attorney and Client ----- 2 6

To the Clerk of the Peace entering the Cause -

For signing, entering and recording every Decree or Dismiss - - — 1 1

For signing and entering every Renewal - - - For entering the Verdict of a Jury - 4

- 6

For the Recognizance of Bail and Certificate of Appeal lodged - 6

To the PlaintifPs Attorney, in lieu of all other Charges for taking Instructions, drawing the Process, drawing Affidavit to verify entering the Cause, preparing for and attending the hearing and drawing up the Decree - - - I 2 9

To the PlaintifPs Attorney, for attending, drawing and obtaining the Magistrate's Certificate, where the Proceeding is for Recovery of Lands or Premises abandoned To the Defendant's Attorney, in lieu of all other Charges, for taking Instructions, preparing for and attending the hearing and drawing up the Dismiss, if the same shall be necessary ----- 10

I 2 9

To the Attorney, for drawing or filling every Renewal, and drawing or filling up the Affidavit to obtain such Renewal -

To the Sheriff for returning a Jury - 1

For every Special Warrant granted at the Peril of the Party requiring the fame — 1 —

To any Witness attending on behalf of either Party, provided such Witness shall have been brought by Process adTeJlificandum from some Place not within the District where such Trial shall be held, such Viaticum as shall appear to the Court to be reasonable: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for any Attorney to charge to any Client the Expences of employing Counsel in case such Attorney shall have received written Directions for that Purpose from such Client 5 no Charge however for such Purpose to be allowed on the Taxation of Costs between Party and Party. 1

VIII. And be it further enacted, That no Sum shall be allowed to the Plaintiff's Attorney, for any Searches for Incumbrances affecting the Lands and Tenements, unless he shall have received Directions in Writing, from the Plaintiff or his Land Agent, authorizing him to make the same.

their Agents admissible.

Attendance of

Witnesses.

Assistant Barrister, or Chairman of Sessions, &c. being a Landlord in his own Jurisdiction, may proceed by way of Civil Bill before Judge of Assize.

Appeal.

Fee* to be taken by Assistant Barrister, fee.

No Sum to be allowed for Seaiclii?, unit!* ordered in Writing.

424

Assistant Bar. riflen, kc. to tax Cods of Suit.

Fee.

Clerk of the Peace not to Tax.

No Attorney entitled to recover until Coda are taxed. Assistant Bar. rifter, &c. to examine the Attorney upon Oath.

Forms to be used in Proceedings under this Act and 56 G. 3. c. 88.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Assistant Barrister, Chairman or

Recorder, as the case may be, and he is hereby required, on the Retjueft of either Party or his Attorney, to tax the Costs between Party and Party, and to include the fame in the Decree or Dismiss, as the case may be; and further, on the like Request, to tax Costs between Attorney and Client, upon any Proceedings that shall have been taken or may hereafter be taken for the Recovery of the Possession of Lands or Tenements under the Provisions of the said recited Act or this Act, receiving for each such Taxation the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence and no more; and that no Clerk of the Peace shall have any Power to tax the fame; and that no Attorney shall be entitled to recover any Sum against any Client for or by reason of any Proceedings under this Act or the said recited Act, or any Preparation for such Proceedings, unless the same shall have been previously taxed in manner herein provided.

X. And be it further enacted, That upon such Taxation it shall and may be lawful for the said Assistant Barrister, Chairman or Recorder, as the case may be, and he is hereby required to examine upon Oath (which Oath he is hereby authorized to administer) the Attorney seeking to charge such Client, as to all matters and things which it may appear to the said Assistant Barrister necessary to ascertain for the due Taxation of the said Costs.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the Forms in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked A., B., C. and D., or any other Forms to the like Effect, may be used in the respective Cases in the said Schedule mentioned, as and for the Civil Bills and Process; and that the Forms in the said Schedule marked E., F. and G., or any other Forms to the like Effect, may be used in the respective Cases in the said Schedule mentioned, as and for the Decrees of the said Assistant Barristers, Chairman or Recorder, as the case may be; and that the Form marked H., or any other Form to the like Effect, may be used by the Magistrates in the said Act mentioned, as and for a Certificate of Desertion 5 and that the Form marked I., or any other Form to the like Effect, may be used for the Affidavit ascertaining the Rent due, to enable the Magistrate to grant the said Certificate.

The SCHEDULE to which this ACT refers.

A.

FORM of a CIVIL BILL, to be used where the Tenant has deserted the Premises.

County of \ BY the Assistant Barrister at the Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the said Division

Division of j of the said County:

WHEREAS the Defendant holds all that and those in the

Defendant j parish of and Barony of and in the said Division of in the said County, as Tenant to the Plaintiff

under a Demise thereof made the Day of in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and for the Term of which is ft ill in being, at

the Yearly Rent of And Whereas the Sum of for

Rent of the said Premises, ending on the Day of last past, became and was

due by the said Defendant to the said Plaintiff, and still remains so due after all fair

nd just Allowances whatsoever: And Whereas the said Defendant, on the Day of

in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and deserted the said Premises and

abandoned the fame, and did not leave sufficient Distress thereon to countervail the Rent so due for the fame,

and such sufficient Distress cannot be had to countervail the Rent so due

The Defendant is therefore hereby required personally to be and appear before the said Assistant Barrister, at in the Division aforesaid, in the said County, on the Day

of next, at a Quarter Sessions to be then and there holden for said Division of said

County, to answer the Plaintiff's Bill brought by him for Recovery of the Possession of the Premises, by reason of the matters aforesaid, and by virtue of the Statutes in that case made and provided; or in default thereof, the said Assistant Barrister will proceed as to Justice shall appertain. Dated this pay of

; n the Year One thousand eight hundred and

Signed on behalf of the Plaintiff,

Attorney.

To the Defendant, J

B.

FORM of a CIVIL BILL, to bp used where the Tenant's Interest is determined, and Possession has been

demanded by the Landlord in Person.

1 BY the Assistant Barrister at the Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the said Division of 3 the said County.

WHEREAS One of the Defendants, lately held all

3 T that and those in the Parish of and

and in the Division of aforesaid, in the said County, as

Tenant to the Plaintiff, under a Demise thereof made the Day of in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and for the Term of at the Yearly Rent

of which Demise determined on the Day of last,

by And Whereas the said Plaintiff after the Determination of the said pemife

12 Xq

County of Division of

Plaintiff

Defendants

Barony of

A.D. 1818.

58° GEORGII IIl

C. 39.

to wit, on the Day of now last past, duly demanded the

Possession of the said Premises, and a Delivery of the said Possession to him 5 and the said Possession and the Delivery thereof have and hath been withheld, and the several Defendants are respectively in Possession of the Premises, and no other Person is in Possession of any Part thereof: The Defendant therefore, and all Persons claiming to have any Interest in the said Premises, are hereby required personally to be and appear before the said Assistant Barrister, at in the Division of aforesaid,

in the said County, on the Day of next, at a Quarter Sessions

to be then and there holden for the said Division of said County, to answer the Plaintiff's Bill brought by him for the Recovery of the Possession of the Premises, by reason of the matters aforesaid, and by virtue of the Statute in that case made and provided; or in default thereof, the said Assistant Barrister will proceed as to Justice shall appertain. Dated this Day of ift the Year One thousand eight hundred and

Signed on behalf of the Plaintiff,

Attorney.

To the Defendant, J

County of Division

Plaintiff

Defendants

and Barony of

FORM of a CIVIL BILL where the Tenant's Interest is determined, and Possession has been demanded by a Bailiff or Receiver.

}BY the Assistant Barrister at the Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the said Division of the said County s

WHEREAS One of the De-

j fendants, lately held all that and those in the Parish of

and in the Division of aforesaid,

in the said County, as Tenant to the Plaintiff, under a Demise made thereof the Day of

in the Year of our Lord One thousand hundred and for the

Term of at the yearly Kent of

which Demise determined on the Day of last past by

And Whereas the Bailiff and Receiver of the said Plaintiff, after the Determination of the said Demise, to wit, on the Day of now last past, duly demanded the

Possession of the said Premises, and a Delivery of toe said Possession to him as such Bailiff and Receiver of the said Plaintiff, and the said Possession and the Delivery thereof have and hath been withheld, and the several Defendants are respectively in Possession of the Premises, and no other Person is in Possession of any Part thereof: The Defendants therefore, and all Persons having or claiming any Interest in the Premises in Question, are hereby required personally to be and appear before the said Assistant Barrister at in the Division of aforesaid, in the said County, on the Day of

next, at a Quarter Sessions to be then and there holden for the said Division of the said County, to answer the Plaintiff's Bill, brought by him for the Recovery of the Possession of the Premises by reason of the matters aforesaid, and by virtue of the Statutes in that case made and provided; or in default % thereof, the said Assistant Barrister will proceed as to Justice shall appertain. Dated this Day

of in the Year One thousand eight hundred and

Signed on behalf of the Plaintiff,

Attorney.

To the Defendant,

FORM of a CIVIL BILL to be used where a Year's Rent is in Arrear.

County of > BY the Assistant Barrister at the Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the said

Division of j Division of said County:

WHEREAS One of the Defendants, holds all that

Defendants^ $ and those in the Parish of and Barony of

and in the DivisioD of aforesaid, in the said County, as Tenant to the Plaintiff,

under a Demise thereof made the Day of in the

Year of our Lord One thousand hundred and for the Term of which is

not yet expired, at the yearly Rent of payable in equal Gales, on every

during the said Term: And Whereas the Sum of for

Rent of the said Premises, ending on the Day of last past, became

and was due by said Defendant to the said Plaintiff, and thereof, being One full Year's Rent

still remains due thereon: And Whereas the several other Defendants respectively are in actual Possession of the Premises, or have respectively Interests therein under Deeds and Iostruments duly rendered, and creating such Interests respectively, and no other Person, save the Defendants or some of them, is in such Possession or appear to have any such Interest:

The Defendants therefore, and all Persons having or claiming any Interest in the said Premises, are hereby 58 G10. III. 3 I required

4*5

426

required personally to be and appear before the said Assistant Barrister, at in the

Division of aiforesaid, in the said County, on the Day of

next, at a Quarter Sessions to be then and there holden for the said Division of said County, to answer the Plaintiff's Bill brought by him for Recovery of the Possession of the Premises, by reason of the matters aforesaid, and by virtue of the Statutes in that case made and provided; or in default thereof the said Assistant Barrister will proceed as to Justice shall appertain. Dated this Day of in the

Year One thousand eight hundred and

Signed on behalf of the Plaintiff,

To the Defendant,

Attorney.

E.

FORM of a DECREE where the Civil Bill is grounded on the Desertion of the Premises.

County of 7 BY the Assistant Barrister of the Sessions for the County of

Division of j

Plaintiff 7 TT appearing to the Court that the Plaintiff caused a Civil Bill to be filed against the

Defendants J Defendant, praying to be put into Possession of situate,

lying and being in the Parish of and in the Barony of and County of containing or thereabouts, in the Possession of the Defendant;

which Civil Bill was brought pursuant to the Statute in such case made and provided, on the ground that the Tenant had deserted the said Premises; and it appearing by the Certificate of

and Esquires, Two of His Majesty's Justices of the Pe^ce for said County, that they had

together gone to and viewed said Premises, and that the fame were deserted and left unoccupied by the Defendant, and that there was not any Distress thereon sufficient to countervail the Arrear of Rent then due thereout; upon due Proof thereot and that Process on said Civil Bill, and also a Copy of said Certificate was duly served, requiring the Defendant to appear at these present Sessions to answer said Bill 5 and it appearing that £ being Years' Rent of said Premises, was justly due and

owing by Defendant to Plaintiff, after all fair and just Allowances, and that said Premises were deserted and left unoccupied by the Defendant, and that there was not any Distress on the same to satisfy said Rent: It is therefore ordered and decreed by the Court, That the Plaintiff be put into the Possession of said Premises, and the Sheriff of the County of is hereby commanded to put the Plaintiff into the Possession

thereof, pursuant to the Statute in said case made and provided; and it is further ordered and decreed by the Court, That the Plaintiff do recover from the Defendant Pounds Shillings and

Pence, Costs 5 and the several Sheriffs of the respective Counties within this Kingdom of Ireland are hereby commanded, notwithstanding any Liberty within their Bailiwicks, to execute the fame, and take in Execution the Body [or Bodies, or Goods, as the Case may be-] of the Defendant, to satisfy the said Costs. Dated at this Day of

Witness present, Assistant Barrister for

Clerk Peace for the the said County,

said County.

Attorney for the Plaintiff.

FORM of the SHERIFF'S WARRANT on the above Decree, to a Special Bailiff of the Plaintiff's

Nomination.

County of 7 T authorize and empower and

to wit. J A or either of them, and their Assistants, Special Bailiffs, at

the Plaintiff's Peril to execute the above Decree. Given under my Hand and Seal, this Day

of

(Seal.)'Sheriff for the said County.

F.

FORM of a DECREE where the Civil Bill is grounded on the overholding of the Tenant.

County of 7 BY the Assistant Barrister at the Sessions for the County of

Division of J

Plaintiff 7 TT appearing to the Court, that the Plaintiff caused a Civil Bill to be filed against the

Defendants J Defendant, praying to be put into the Possession of situate

in the Parish of and Barony of and County of

containing or thereabouts, in the Possession of the Defendant 5 which Civil

Bill was brought pursuant to the Statute in such case made and provided, on the ground that the Tenant overheld the said Premises; and it appearing to the Court, that Process on said Civil Bill was duly served, requiring the Defendants and all others having or claiming to have Interest in the Premises, in said Bill mentioned, requiring them to appear at these present Sessions to answer said Bill j and it appearing that said Premises were held by Defendant from Plaintiff at the yearly Rent of and that

13 Defendant's

A.D. 1818.

58° GEORGII III.

39-

Defendant's Interest determined on the Day of last, by a Notice to quit,

heretofore served on the Defendant, requiring him to deliver up the Possession thereof to Pteintiff, on the said Day of last [or Jetting forth any other Mode of Determination, as the Case may

notwithst^iding which the Defendant refused to deliver up the Possession thereof to Plaintiff though demanded: It is therefore ordered and decreed by the Court, That the Plaintiff be put into the Possession thereof, pursuant to the Statute in that case made and provided; and it is further ordered and decreed by the Court, That the Plaintiff do recover from the Defendant Pounds Shillings and

Pence, Costs; and the several Sheriffs of the respective Counties within this Kingdom of Ireland are hereby commanded, notwithstanding any Liberty within their Bailiwicks, to execute the fame, and take in Execution the Body [or Bodies, or Goods, as the Case may be-\ of the Defendant, to satisfy the said Costs. Dated at this Day of

Witness present, Assistant Barrister for

Clerk Peace for the the said County,

said County.

Attorney for the Plaintiff.

FORM of the SHERIFF'S WARRANT on the above Decree, to a Special Bailiff of the PlaintifPs

Nomination.

and

or either of them, and their Assistantt, Special Bailiffs, at the PlaintifPs Peril to execute the above Decree. Given under my Hand and Seal, this

Day of

( Seal.) Sheriff for the said .County.

County of to wit.

1

J authorize and empower

N°

County of DifGon of

Plaintiff

Defendant

G.

FORM of a DECREE where the Civil Bill is grounded on Nonpayment of Rent.

J BY the Assistant Barrister at the Sessions for the County of

1 JT appearing to the Court that the Plaintiff caused a Civil Bill to be filed against the j Defendant, praying to be put into the Possession of

situate, lying and being in the Parish of and Barony

of and County of containing by Estimation or

thereabouts, in the Possession of the Defendant, which Civil Bill wa9 brought pursuant to the Statute in fuefi case made and provided, on the ground that a Year's Rent was in arrear and unpaid; and it appearing to the Cnurt, that Process on said Civil Bill was duly served, requiring the Defendant and all others having or claiming to have Interest in the Premises in said Bill mentioned, requiring them to appear at these present Sessions to answer said Bill; upon due Proof thereof, and that said Premises were held by Defendant from Plaintiff, at the yearly Rent of and that the Defendant was indebted to the Plaintiff in the

Sum of being for One whole Year's Rent and Arrear of Rent of said

Premises, due and ending the Day of last, after all just and fair Allowances:

It is therefore ordered by the Court, That the Plaintiff be put into the Possession of said Premises, and the Sheriff of the County of is hereby commanded to put the Plaintiff into the Possession

thereof, pursuant to the Statute in such case made ana provided; and it is further ordered and decreed by the Court, That the Plaintiff do recover from the Defendant Pounds Shillings and Pence, Costs; and the several Sheriffs of the respective Counties within this Kingdom of

Ireland are hereby commanded, notwithstanding any Liberty within their Bailiwicks, to execute the fame, and take in Execution the Body [or Bodies, or Goods, as the Case may be-\ of the Defendant, to satisfy the said Costs. Dated at this Day of

Witness present, Assistant Barrister for

Clerk Peace for the the said County,

said County.

Attorney for the Plaintiff.

FORM of the SHERIFF'S WARRANT on the above Decree, to a Special Bailiff of the Plaintiff's

Nomination.

and

County of to wit.

above Decree (Seal.)

1

J authorize and empower and or either of them, and their Assistants, Special Bailiffs, at the PlaintifPs Peril to execute the iven under my Hand and Seal, this Day of

Sheriff for the said County.

H.

MAGISTRATE'S CERTIFICATE.

7 and Two of His Majesty's Justices of the

3 Peace for said County, having been called upon by and at

County of to wit.

his Request having together gone to and viewed all that Part of the Lands of lying and being in the Parish of and Barony of

3 I 2

situate, and County of

C. 39>4o>4i- 68° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1818.

of in the Posseflipn of as Tenant thereof, containing

Acres Roods and Perches, or thereabouts, on the Day of

between the Hours of Ten o'Clock in the Forenoon and Four o'Clock in the Afternoon of the said Day, do certify, That the Premises aforesaid then appeared to us to be deserted and left unoccupied by the said and that there is not any Distress on the fame sufficient to countervail the Arrear of Rent, being One Half Year's Rent, ascertained by the Affidavit of A.B. the Landlord thereof [or, the Bailiff of the Landlord thereof, as the Case may be-\ now due thereout, after all just and fair Allpwances* Given under our Hands and Seals, this Day of

To the Assistant Barrifterl (Seal.)

for the County of

3 (Seal.)

Witness prefect,

I.

AFFIDAVIT of RENT to enable the Magistrates to grant the above Certificate.

County of 1 Landlord, [or, Bailiff to the Landlord, as the Case may be]

to wit. J of the Lands and Tenements herein after mentioned, maketh Oath, and faith. That

of in the County of is justly and fairly indebted to

in the Sum of being for a Year's Rent of his

holding, [deferiling it as in Civil Bill, "] under due and ending the

Day of last, after all just and fair Allowances: And Deponent faith, That the said Sum,

or any Part thereof, hath not been tendered or paid to by the said

or by any Person or Persons on his behalf.

Sworn before me, this Day of

CAP. XL.

43 g. 3. c. iai.

56 0.3. c. 7a.

so fax as herein eipressed, further continued.

An Act to continue the Laws now in force relating to Yeomanry Corps in Ireland.

[28th May 1818.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the Forty third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for authorizing the billetting of such Troops of Yeomanry and Volunteer Cavalry as may be defrous of assembling for the Purpose of being trained together, in Great Britain and Ireland 5 and for subjeSing to Military Discipline, during the War, such Serjeants serving in any Volunteer or Yeomanry Corps of Cavalry or Infantry as receive conjlant Pay, and all Trumpeters, Drummers or Bugle Men serving therein, and receiving Pay at any Daily or Weekly Rate; and for the further regulating of such Yeomanry and Volunteer Corps; which Act was to continue and be in force during the Continuance of the War, and until Six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace with France: And Whereas, by an Act made in the Fifty fourth Year of His present Majesty, so much of the said recited Act as relates to such Troops or Corps in Ireland was continued; and by an Act made in the Fifty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, so much of the said recited Act of the Forty third Year as relates to such Troops or Corps in Ireland was further continued and amended, and is in force until the End of this present Semon of Parliament; and it is expedient that the fame should be further continued; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Act of the Forty third Year of His Majesty's Reign, so far as relates to any such Troops or Corps in Ireland, and also the said Act of the Fifty sixth Year of His Majesty's Reign, so far as the lame amends the said Act of the Forty third Year, shall be and remain in force from the time of the passing of this Act, until the Expiration of One Year next after the passing of this Act, and from thence until the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and that all such Provisions and Regulations in the said recited Act of the Forty third Year contained, so far as relates to such Troops or Corps in Ireland, as by the said Act are applied during War, or during the Continuance of War, or during the Continuance of the War, and until Six Months after the Ratification of such Definitive Treaty of Peace, shall be in force as amended by this Act during the Continuance of the said recited Acts as aforesaid.

56 G. 3. c. 78.

Instead of the Charge under

CAP. XLI.

An Act to amend an Act made in the Fifty sixth Year of His present Majesty, for regulating and securing the Collection of the Duties on Paper in Ireland, and to allow a Drawback of the Duty on Paper used in printing certain Books at the Press of Trinity College, Dublin.

[28th May 1818.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to amend, in manner herein after mentioned, an Act made in the Fifty sixth 4 W Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for the better regulating and securing the ColleSton of the Duties on Paper in Ireland, and to prevent Frauds therein* Be it therefore enacted by The King'8 Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the

12 Commence-

A.D. 1818.

58° GEORGII III. C. 41. 429

Commencement of this Act, in lieu and instead of any Charge under the said recited Act on any Paper Maker the said Act, in Ireland, in respect of each and every Engine kept or used by such Paper Maker, every Paper Maker in Paper Makeri Inland shall, for and in respect of each and every Engine kept or used by such Paper Maker for the making Ral^of 12* 6d of Paper of any Sort or Kind whatsoever, or which shall be employed in preparing any Stuff for making Paper British per of any Sort or Kind whatsoever, be charged with and shall pay, for each and every Calendar Month, in the Month for every Proportion and at the Rate of Twelve Shillings and Sixpence British Currency for each and every Cubic Cubic Foot of Foot of the computed Content of each and every such Engine, to be ascertained according to the greatest llJ-e^ng, ?ef Length, Depth and Breadth thereof, such Depth to be taken from the Centre of the Spindle of the Roller of u e y 1 en1, each such Engine, if the Depth of such Engine shall be the greatest at that Part, or otherwise in such other Part of such Engine where the Depth thereof shall be the greateff, and such computed Content shall be without any Allowance or Deduction whatsoever for or on account of any Peculiarity of Shape or Form of such Engine, or of any Machinery or other matter or thing which shall or may be contained therein, or on any other Account j and which said Rate or Sum shall be charged and chargeable, and paid and payable, as How such *te and for the Duty in respect of the Quality and Weight of such Quantity of Paper as may be produced from ch?*Sednd any such Engine within each such Calendar Month as aforesaid. pal

II. And be it further enacted, That the Officer or Officers of Excise in Charge of any Paper Mill of any Officer to mdce

Paper Maker in Ireland shall, within Ten Days after the Fifth Day of every Month, while any Engine or cdleaor^fthe Engines of any Paper Maker shall be working, or shall be by Law chargeable a9 working, make a Return to Amount of the the Collector of Excise, or other Officer in Charge of the Collection of the District in which such Paper Monthly Rate, Mill shall be situate, of the Amount of the Monthly Rate or Sum hereby directed to be charged for the and also of the Month ending on such Fifth Day of the Month, in respect of all and every Engine or Engines kept or used by 9uant % ^.uV such Paper Maker at any Time in each and every such Month, and also of the Quantity, Quality and Weight of

of all such Sorts of Paper, if any, which shall have been weighed at such Mill in the Course of such Month, and the Duty

of the Duty chargeable thereon in respect of the Quality and Weight of such Paper; and every such Return thereon.

shall be a Charge on the Paper Maker to the Amount of the Monthly Rate or Sum payable under this Act Such Return a in respect of all and every such Engine or Engines, in case there shall not have been any Paper of any Sort Charge on whatever weighed at such Mill in such Month, or in case the Duty chargeable in respect of the Quality and ^aker* Weight of the Paper which shall have been weighed at such Mill in such Month shall be less than the Rate or Sum chargeable as aforesaid for all and every such. Engine or Engines for such Month, and every such Paper Maker shall pay the Sum so charged and returned; and in case the Duty chargeable in respect of the Quality and Weight of all Paper of every Class, Denomination and Kind specified in such Return as weighed within such Month, shall amount to or exceed the Amount of the Rate or Sum payable in respect of all and every such Engine or Engines as aforesaid, or in case any Engine or Engines shall not be chargeable in any Month, then the Return of the Officer shall be a Charge on such Paper Maker for the Amount of the Duty so chargeable in respect of the Quality and Weight of all such Paper which shall have been so weighed in any such Month respectively as aforesaid 5 and such Paper Maker shall pay the Duty appearing by such Return Duty to be paid and chargeable to have become due and payable, within Three Months after the End of the Month for which wthm.Three such Return and Charge shall have been made; and every such Paper Maker shall, for every Default in Pay- Momhs* raent of any such Duty, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds, together with a Sum equal to double the Amount 5^ aIty' of the Sum so returned and charged, and which shall be so payable as aforesaid; and every such Officer shall CopTof Retorn and he is hereby required to leave a true Copy of such Returns in Writing under his Hand with every such with Paper Paper Maker or at such Paper Mill. Maker.

III. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Commencement of this Act, no Licence shall be No Licence granted to any Person or Persons to keep any Mill for making Paper, unless each and every Engine for making 8ranted .unkft Paper in such Mill shall contain Fifty Cubic Feet at the least, the Content of such Engine to be computed th°t^ngine and ascertained according to the greatest Length, Depth and Breadth thereof, pursuant to the Regulations cubfcFeet. and Directions of this Act; any thing in the said recited Act of the Fifty sixth Year aforesaid, or in any other Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding; and the Content of every such Engine shall be specified Content of En-and mentioned in the Licence to be granted to any Person or Persons to keep any Mill for making Paper, g'ne, specified and the Person or Persons to whom such Licence shall be granted shall be chargeable with Duty for and in Licence* in respect of each and every such Engine at the least according to the Content which shall be specified and mentioned in such Licence as the Content of such Engine.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend to prohibit or prevent Proviso for the granting of any Licence to any Person or Persons who, on or before the Fifth Day of August One granting thousand eight hundred and sixteen, was or were licensed to keep any such Mill or Mills in which every or D|cenc«s to Per" any Engine kept therein for making Paper was of less Content than Fifty Cubic Feet, nor to prohibit or on or*

prevent the granting of any such Licence to any Person or Persons who since the said Fifth Day of August before Aug. 5, One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, for the first time obtained a Licence to keep such Mill or Mills in 1816, havinj which any Engine or Engines kept therein for making Paper was or were of less Content than Fifty Cubic Engines of less Feet, and who shall have such Licence in force at the commencement of this Act: Provided nevertheless, that

it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons so licensed to reduce any Engine in such Mill which at the time PeJfons*

of the passing of this Act shall contain Fifty Cubic Feet or more to any Content less than Fifty Cubic Feet; having since ob-

and if any Person shall so reduce any such Engine, the Licence of such Person shall be and is hereby declared tnined for the

to be void. First.1 'me»

Licence in foice. Reducing Engine, Licence void.

V. And be it further enacted, That if the Content of any Engine, to be computed and ascertained accord- If Content of ing to the Directions of this Act, of which an Account, Return or Notice shall have been given pursuant to EnX, ne exceed

the

by Three Cubic Fttt the Number mentioned in Return, Penalty, 50l. Officer to make a Return of Charge in respect of the in-created Contents of the Engine; such Duty to he paid in 14 Days. Penalty.

Maker to make a new Return.

Penalty aol.

56 G. 3. c. 78. §36.

repealed.

Paper Maker to

enter in Specimen Paper, the Dates of Notices, fcc.

Penalty 50l. Paper having fame Number and Date on Wrapper of Two or more Reams, forfeited,

Paper conveyr ing from the Mills otherwise than in Reams forfeited, and may be seized with Package, Ac-

Onus Probandi on Claimant. Forging the Officer's Name on Covers, &c. or having such in Custody, &c.

Penalty iool. Officer may enter Mills of Persons whose Licence is expired.

Refusing Entrance, See.

Penalty 5 ol. Engines to be fattened and locked by Officer after the Expiration of Lircnces.

the Provisions of the said recited Act of the Fifty sixth Year aforesaid, shall be discovered by any Officer of Excise to exceed by Three Cubic Feet the Number of Cubic Feet which shall have been mentioned in such Return, Account or Notice, as being the Content of such Engine, the Paper Maker in whose Mill such Engine shall be found of such greater Content shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds; and it shall and may be lawful for such Officer of Excise, and he is hereby required, within Ten Days after such Discovery, to make a Return to the Collector or other Officer in Charge of the Collection of the District in which such Mill shall be situate, of all Sum or Sums of Money chargeable in respect of such increased Content of such Engine, from the time mentioned in the last previous Notice of the commencing or recommencing the working of such Engine, to and upon the Fifth Day of the Month in which it shall have been discovered that the Content of such Engine was so increased, and such Return shall be a Charge on every such Paper Maker, who shall pay the Duty appearing by such Return to be due and payable, within Fourteen Days next after such Return shall have been made, or in default of such Payment shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds, together with a Sum equal to Double the Duty so returned and charged; and every such Paper Maker shall continue to be chargeable in respect of the full Content of such Engine To long as such Engine shall be chargeable on working; and such Paper Maker shall, within Ten Days after such Charge shall be made in respect of the Increase of such Engine, make a new and correct Return of the Content of such Engine to the proper Officer, or in default thereof shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

VI. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited Act of the Fifty sixth Year aforesaid, as requires any Officer of Excise visiting the Mill of any Paper Maker to enter on the Specimen Paper at such Mill all Notices given of the weighing of any Paper, and the Quality and different Classes, Denomination and Kind of Paper to be weighed, stamped, marked or labelled by the Officer, shall, from and after the Commencement of this Act, be and the fame is hereby repealed; and from and after the Commencement of this Act, every Paper Maker who in and by the said recited Act of the Fifty sixth Year aforesaid is required to give any Notice of weighing any Paper, shall, before serving of any such Notice, and he is hereby required and directed, by himself or herself, or by his or her principal Clerk, to enter and insert in Writing, in the Specimen Paper to be kept in the Mill of such Paper Maker, the Date of all such Notice and Notices which shall pursuant to the Provisions of the said recited Act be given to weigh any Paper, and shall in every such Entry specify and declare the Quantity and different Classes, Denominations and Kind of Paper to be weighed respectively; and if any Paper Maker shall omit or neglect to insert or cause to be inserted the Particulars aforesaid in such Specimen Paper, every such Paper Maker shall for every such Omission or Neglect forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds,

VII. And be it further enacted, That whenever there shall be found in the Mill, Manufactory or other Place of any Paper Maker, Two or more Reams of Paper of the fame Class, on the Covers or Wrappers whereof the fame Number and Date of the Charge of Dpty shall be marked, all and every such Reams of Paper shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer of Excise.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Paper shall be found conveying otherwise than in Reams from the Mill or Manufactory of any Paper Maker, then all such Paper shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer of Customs or Excise, together with the Package or Packages containing the fame; and every Horse or other Bead, Cart, Car or other Carriage, Boat or other Vessel, used in removing or conveying the fame, shall also be forfeited and maybe seized; and upon the Trial of any Information for the Forfeiture of any such Paper which shall be found conveying as aforesaid, the Proof of the Person from whom, and the Place from which such Paper as aforesaid mall be conveying, shall lie upon the Claimant or Claimants, and not on the Officer or Person prosecuting such Information.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall counterfeit or forge, or cause to be counterfeited or forged, the Name of any Officer of Excise upon any Cover or Wrapper of or belonging to or used with or upon any Ream or Quantity of Paper, or upon any Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board, or if any Person shall have in his or her Custody or Possession, or shall utter, vend or sell any Paper with the Name of any such Officer counterfeited or forged on the Cover or Wrapper of such Paper^ or any Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board, with the Name of any such Officer counterfeited or forged thereon, then and in every such case every such Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Officer or Officers of Excise from time to time and all times, by Day or by Night, but if in the Night then in the Presence of a Constable or other Officer of the Peace, to enter into all and every the Mill or Mills, or other Places of any Person whose Licence for keeping any Mill or Mills for making Paper shall have expired, to view and examine the State of such Mill, and of every Engine, Vat, Wet Press or other Utensil therein; and if any such Person, or his or her Servant, shall not, on Demand made by any Officer of Excise at such Mill, or at the Dwelling House of such Person, admit such Officer into such Mill or other Place, or shall not permit such Officer to view and examine all and every such Engines, Vats and Wet Presses, or other Utensil, or to do and perform any Act, matter and thing which (bailor may be the Duty of such Officer to do or perform, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit the Som of Fifty Pounds.

XI. And be it further enacted, That at or immediately after the Expiration of any Licence granted to any Person to keep a Mill for making Paper, it shall and may be lawful for any Officer of Excise, and such Officer is hereby required, to fallen and lock each and every Engine in such Mill, in such manner as the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, or any Three of them, shall direct and appoint; and for that Purpose it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, from time to time to make and

issue

431

A.D. 1818. 58° GEORGII III. C. 41.

issue such Orders and Directions as they shall think expedient for the fattening or locking of any such Engine, and all and every such Orders and Directions shall be complied with; and if any Person whose Licence shall have so expired shall refuse or neglect to .comply with or obey any such Orders or Directions, every such Person shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Fifty Pounds; and if any Officer shall be prevented from fattening and locking each and every such Engine, or in case of such Mill being locked and no Person appearing to give Entrance to such Officer, or if any such Engine shall in any Event not be fattened or locked in manner aforesaid by Default of any such Person, or if at any time subsequent to the time when any such Engine shall have been fattened or locked, any such Engine shall be found not to be fattened and locked, or if any Roller, Plate, Lighter or Brasses shall be found in any Engine after the Expiration of the Licence which shall have been granted to such Person, until such Engine shall be again duly set to work under a new Licence for the Mill in which such Engine shall be kept, then every such Person shall, in each and every the respective case and cases aforesaid, forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XII. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where any Person shall at the Expiration of any Licence

?ranted to such Person to keep any Mill or Mills for making Paper, discontinue the Trade or Business of a aper Maker, every such Person shall, within Six Days next after the Expiration of such Licence, difpiace and remove, or cause to be displaced and removed, clear out of each and every Engine, the Roller, Plate, Lighter and Brasses belonging to such Engine, and shall fend or convey such Roller, Plate, Lighter and Brasses to the Excise Stores of the District in which the Mill of such Person shall be situate, there to be kept until the same shall be returned to the Proprietor thereof under a new Licence, or under the Order of the Commissioners of Excise; and if any such Person shall neglect or refuse to difpiace and remove, or cause to be displaced and removed, in manner aforesaid, every such Roller, Plate, Lighter and Brasses, or shall neglect or refuse % to fend or convey all and every Roller, Plate, Lighter or Brasses within the time aforesaid, to the Excise Stores as aforesaid, every such Person shall, for every such Neglect or Refusal, forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited Act of the Fifty sixth Year aforesaid as ena&8, that if the Content of any Engine shall exceed by Three Cubic Feet the Number of Cubic Feet mentioned in any Return, Account or Notice, as being the Content of such Engine, the Paper Maker shall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds, and as authorizes the Officer to make such Return as in said Act mentioned, in respect of the increased Content of such Engine, and as makes such Return to be a Charge on such Paper Maker, and as imposes any Penalty on such Paper Maker for not paying the Amount of such Return, and also so much and such Parts of the said Act of the Fifty sixth Year aforesaid as enads, that it shall not be lawful for any Paper Maker to fend or deliver any Ream of Piper, or any Parcel of Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, or Button Paper or Button Board, out of the Mill or Manufactory of such Paper Maker, without such Permit for the Removal thereof, as in the said Act n prescribed and directed, and also so rouch of the said Act as relates to any Request Note or Requisition for aify such Permit, and as relates to the Loss of any such Permit, or to the enlarging the time of the Force thereof, or as requires any Officer granting or renewing any Permit to examine on Oath the Person or Persons applying for such Permit, and also as requires any such Permit to be delivered up to the Surveyor or Gauger, and also as relates to any Certificate on the Back of any such Permit, and also so much of the said recited Act as imposes any Fine, Penalty, Forfeiture or Punishment for and in respect or in any ways relating to any Permit for the Removal of any Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Shearing or Sheathing Paper, or Button Paper or Button Board, shall cease and determine, and shall be and the fame is and are hereby repealed; save and except so far as the said recited Clauses or Provisions hereby repealed relate or relates to the charging, suing for, recovering, levying, paying or accounting for any Duties or Arrears of Duties, or any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture which shall or may have been incurred or become due on or before the Commencement of this Act; and that all and every the said Clauses and Provisions shall be and remain in full Force and Effect for the charging, suing for, recovering, levying, paying or accounting for the said Duties and Arrears thereof, Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures, as if this Act had not been made-

XIV. And Whereas it is expedient that a Drawback or Allowance of Duty should be given for Paper used«in printing the several Books hereafter mentioned at the Press of the College of the Holy and Undivided*Trinity of Queen Elizabeth bear Dublin Be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland lor the time being, upon being satisfied that the Duty of Excise shall have been fully paid for any Quantity of Paper of the First Class which shall be used in the printing of Bibles, Testaments, Psalm Books and Books of Common Prayer of the Church of England and Ireland, or in the printing of any Books in the Latin, Greek, Oriental or Northern Languages, or in the printing of any Confession of Faith, or the larger or shorter Catechism, or any of them, at the Press of the said College, to pay and allow to the said College, or to the Person or Persons respectively authorized to receive the same on behalf of the said College, a Drawback or Allowance of Three pence per Pound Weight for all such Paper so used as aforesaid, under the Conditions and Regulations herein after mentioned and expressed; that is to say, nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be deemed or construed to extend, to entitle the said College, or any Person or Persons on behalf of the said College, to receive any such Drawback or Allowance, unless the said Paper shall have visible in the Substance thereof a Mark commonly called a Water Mark, of the Date of the present Year of our Lord, in the following Figures, 1818, or of some subsequent Year of our Lord, nor unless the Chief Manager of the Press of the said College shall at least Forty eight Hours before any such Paper is begun to be prepared for printing, give or cause to be given to the Surveyor of Excise of the Walk in which the Press of the said College shall be kept, or other Officer

authorized

Persons disobey-

ing Commissioners* Orders. Penalty jcL Obstruction Officers, or if Engine not.locked, by Default of Persons, &c.

Penalty iool. Within Six Days after the Expiration of Licence, Roller, Plate,

Sec. of Engine, to be removed to the Excise Stores.

Refilling to remove Roller, h c-

Penalty iool.

56 O.3.C.; 8. §9.

§53-

54-

§55-

§5*.

§57-

So far as relates to recovering Arrears of Duties and Penalties repealed.

Drawback of Duty allowed on Paper used in the printing of Bibles, &c. at (he Press of Trinity College of Queen Elizabeth near Dublin.

Conditions.

432

Certificate of weighing, &c. to be given by the Surveyor to the Manager of the Prefc.

Manager of the Presa to subscribe oti the Back of Certificate an Oath of the Quantity and Weight of Paper used, and other the matters herein mentioned.

Powers of 56 G. 3. c. 78. applied to this Art.

Recovery and Application of Penalties, as by

14 & 15 C. 0.

<w

46 G. 3. c. 106.

Act may be altered, Ike. this Session. Commencement of Act.

C. 41, 42. 58° GEORGII III. A.D. 1818.

authorized by the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, or any Three of them, in that behalf, a Notice in Writing of the Intention to print such Paper, specifying in such Notice the Number of Reams or Bundles of such Paper so intended to be printed, and tlje Name and Names of the Book or Books so intended to be printed, and in what Language such Book or Books is or are intended to be printed, and of what Size the intended Impression or Edition of such Book or Books is to be, and of how many Copies the intended Impression or Edition thereof is to consist, nor unless all such Paper shall be produced to such Surveyor or Officer enclosed in the original Covers or Wrappers in which such Paper was charged with Duty, with the Impression of the Stamp, and the Christian Name and Surname of the proper Officer, and the Date of the Charge, with thtj Class of such Paper, and the several matters by Law prescribed and directed to be marked, written or printed, remaining on such Covers or Wrappers respectively; nor unless such Chief Manager of the Press of the said College shall provide good and sufficient Scales and Weights, and shall permit and assist such Officer to use the fame for the Purpose of ascertaining the true Quantity and Weight of such Paper 5 nor unless the Chief Manager of the Press of the said College shall, in like manner, within One Month .next after the whole of such Impression or Edition shall have been printed off, dried and finished, give or cause to be given to the Surveyor of Excise of the said Walk, or other Officer so authorized as aforesaid. Forty eight Hours* Notice in Writing of such Impression or Edition being printed off, dried and finiftied; and thereupon such Surveyor or other Officer shall attend and insped, examine and weigh the whole of such Impression or Edition unbound and in Sheets, and shall thereupon give and deliver to such Chief Manager of the Press of the said College, a Certificate in Writing of his having done so, specifying therein the Name of such Book, together with the Size thereof, and the Number of Copies of which such Impression or Edition consists, and the Weight of the Paper on which the fame is printed 5 but if such Weight shall exceed the Weight of the Paper actually produced to and taken Account of by the proper Officer previous to the printing thereof as aforesaid, then and in such Case such Weight previous to the printing thereof shall be inserted in such Certificate, and the Allowance shall be made for no greater Quantity or Weight than the Weight specified in such Certificate 5 any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XV. Provided also, That no such Drawback or Allowance shall be given, unless the Chief Manager of the Press of the said College shall make and subscribe on the Back of such Certificate an Oath in Writing before the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or any Two or more of them, (which Oath they the said Commissioners are hereby authorized and empowered to administer, ) of the Quantity and Weight of the Paper actually made use of in the printing of any such Impression or Edition of such Books, or any of them, as the Case may require, and that such Chief Manager of the Press of the said College believes that all Duty by Law imposed for or in respect of such Paper used in the printing of such Impression or Edition has been fully paid, and that no Drawback or Allowance has been before claimed or paid for or in respect of such Paper or any Part thereof, and that the whole of the said Impression or Edition has been printed at the usual and ordinary Printing House of the said College, under the Authority and Permission proper for that Purpose.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That all the Powers and Provisions, Rules, Regulations, Penalties, Fort feitures, Clauses, matters and things contained in the said recited Act of the Fifty sixth Year aforesaid, shall be applied and put in Practice in the Execution of this Act, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the fame were repeated and reenacted in this Act, so far as the same are compatible and confident with the Provisions of this Act, and except so far as the same are expressly altered or repealed by this Act.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures under this Act shall be paid and payable according to the Amount thereof in British Currency, and shall be levied, collected, sued for, recovered, mitigated and applied in such manner and under such Powers and Authorities, and by such Ways and Methods, and according to such Rules and Directions, as are appointed, directed and expressed for the Recovery or Mitigation of any Penalties or Forfeitures in and by an Act made in Ireland in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled An Act for settling the Excise or new Imfvfi upon His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, according to the Book of Rates therein inserted} or in and by an Act made in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to provide for the better Execution of the several Acts relating to the Revenues, matters and things under the Management of the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, and of the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, in Ireland; or in and by any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland relating to the Revenues of Excise, as fully and effedoally to all Intents and Purposes as if the fame were herein repeated and reenacted, with the like Remedy of Appeal to and for the Party or Parties aggrieved, as in and by the said recited Act of the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, or any other Act or Acts, as aforesaid, is provided*

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, amended or repealed by any Act or Acts to be passed in this present Session of Parliament.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That thi6 Ad shall oommenoe and take f fled from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eighteen,

CAP. XIII.

An Act for enabling the Trustee of certain Premises at Great Yarmouth in the County of Norfolk, held in Trust for His Majesty, to execute a Conveyance of the same to a Purchaser thereof.

[28th May 18iff.]

A.D. 1818.

58° GEORGII IIl,

43*

CAP. XLIII.

An Act for preventing the Destruction of the Breed of Salmon, and Fish of Salmon Rind, in thd

Rivers of England.

[28th May 1818.]

WHEREAS Provision has been made, in various Acts of Parliament, for preventing the Destruction of*W Salmon, and other Fish of the Salmon Kind, in the several Rivers in England named therein, and in Estuaries and Arms of the Sea near the Mouths of the said Rivers 5 and it would be of great public Advantage if such Protection should be afforded generally in all Rivers throughout England; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual

and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That JusticesatSef* from and after the passing of this Act it shall be lawful for the Justices of the Peace, assembled at any General fioo> >FPoi*t or Quarter Sessions of the Peace, from time to time to appoint Conservators or Overseers for the Preservation ^y^j*10* of the Salmon, and Fish of the Salmon Kind, and the Brood, Spawn and Fry thereof, and preventing the vcw* Destruction thereof, and enforcing for that Purpose the Provisions of this Act within the Limits of the Jurisdiction of such Justices, and within the Limits of which they shall be so appointed.

II. And be it further enacted, That where no Provision is made by any Act now in force for limiting the Quarter Sef-

times within which it shall be lawful to take Salmon, or Fish of the Salmon Kind, in any of the Rivers in

England, it shall be lawful for the Justices of the Peace acting for the several Counties, at their several Quarter Salmon fl»U not

Sessions of the Peace, and they are hereby required, at the Request of any Person, such Person having first be taken, &c.

given Notice, in some Newspaper usually circulated within the County, of his Intention to apply to the said

Quarter Sessions in that behalf, to fix certain Days, not exceeding One hundred and fifty Days in each Year,

for each River within their respective Counties, to be Fence Days for the several Rivers respectively; during

which time it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons whatever to take, kill or destroy, or attempt to

take, kill or destroy, any Salmon or Salmon Trout, or Fish of the Salmon Kind, or any Brood, Spawn or

Fry of such Fish; and the said Justices are hereby further empowered, at any General Quarter Sessions,

to vary annually the Number of such Days, and the Periods at which they shall commence, as they shall think fit.

III. And be it enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall at any time hereafter pursue, take, kill or Destroying Sal-destroy, or seek or endeavour to take, kill or destroy, pursue, hurt or injure any Salmon or Salmon Kind, by monger l laying or using any hot Lime or Filth, or Material or Drug pernicious to Fish, or using any Water in which

any Green Lint or Flax has been steeped, or letting off stagnated Water, or any Water impregnated with any or^Material or Drug pernicious to Fish; or if any Person shall use or employ any such Means as aforesaid, or use any Fire or Light or White Object, or lay down any Kind of Net, Engine or Device, or wilfully do or commit, or cause to be done or committed, any Act whatsoever, in any River, Water, Rivulet, Stream, Mill Dam, Mill Sluice, Cut, Pool or Pond, communicating therewith, for the Destruction of the Brood, Spawn or Small Fry of Salmon therein (Angling excepted) 5 or if any Person shall hereafter make, erect or set any jVovHfffbr Bank, Dam, Hedge or Stank, Net or Nets, or place any Fire or Fires, Light or Lights, or any White Angling. Object or Objects, so that the young Fry or young Salmon be prevented from going down from such River*,

Rivulets or other Waters communicating therewith as aforesaid, or any of them, every such Person so offending shall for every such First Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds nor less than Five First Offence. Pounds, and for every Second and subsequent Offence &ny*Sum not exceeding Fifteen Pounds nor less than Second and fnb-Ten Pounds, at the Discretion of the Justice or Justices before whom the Offender or Offenders shall be consequent Offence, vifted, and shall also forfeit all the Fish, Spawn, Brood or Fry so taken, and all the Nets, Weapons, Lines,

Instruments, Boats, Devices or things used in the taking thereof.

IV. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall, at any time after the First Day of September One Killing, taking, thousand eight hundred and eighteen, take, kill or destroy, or knowingly have in his or her' Possession, either having in Pof-on the Water or on the Shore, or shall bring to Shore, or cry or carry about, fell, offer or expose to or for

Sale, or shall exchange for any Goods, matter or thing, any Spawn, Fry or Brood of Fish, or any unfizeable or Brood oi: F»

Fish, or any Kejpper or Shedder Salmon, being unseasonable Salmon, commonly called Old Salmon, or any Qr unfiieable

Salmon caught in any River during the Periods when fiftiing for Salmon is prohibited under the Provisions of Fish, &c.

any Law now in force, or when the same shall be prohibited by any Order to be made by the Justices at their

Sessions as hereinbefore provided; and it shall be lawful for any Conservator or Overseer thereof, or any other Conservator may

Person, under the Authority of this Act, to take and seize all or any such Spawn, Fry or Brood of Fish, or fc»te together

such other Fish as aforesaid, wherever the same shall be found, together with all Baficets and Package in which £, th Package,

the fame shall be so found or taken, and to deliver the Person on whom the fame may be found to a Constablec*

or other Peace Officer; and after every such Seizure shall be made, the Spawn, Fry or Brood, or other Fish Proceedings*.

as aforesaid, together with the Baficets and Package in which the fame mall be so seized, shall be delivered

into the Hands of some Constable or other Peace Officer; and every such Constable or other Peace Officer is

hereby authorized and required to take every such Offender with whom he shall be so charged for any such

Offence into his Custody, and also the Spawn, Fry or Brood of Fish, and such other Fish as aforesaid, and all

Baftcets and Packages in which the same shall be so seized, and which shall be delivered to such Constable or

other Peace Officer as aforesaid, and to carry such Offender, and all such Spawn, Fry or Brood of Fish, and

such other Fish as aforesaid, together with the Baskets and Package as aforesaid, which shall have been

delivered to any such Constable or other Peace Officer, with all convenient Speed, before some Justice 01

Justices or Magistrate of the County, City or Place where the Offence shall be committed, for such Offender

to be dealt with according to Law; and on the Conviction of any such Offender or Offenders for any fudi Conviction.

58 Geo. III. 3 K Offence,

434

[Penalty.]

[Penalty.]

Proviso for Nets, Set. lawfully used, and for present Modes of Fishing except as prohibited by this Act.

Recovery of Penalties.

Oath to Witnesses admini-liered by Justices of Peace, &c.

Justice may commit Party not paying Penalty to Com-raon Gaol, &c.;

or levy Penalty by Diddle*

If no Distress, then Party committed to Gaol, Sec. and kept to hard Labour.

Justices, on receiving Information, may grant Warrants for apprehending Offenders; or Summons and Warrant for Party or Wit-neffea;

C. 43. 58° GEORGII III. A.D. 1818.

Offence, before any such Justice or Justices or Magistrate as aforesaid, every such Offender shall forfeit all and every such Spawn, Fry or Brood of Fish* Unfizeable Fish and Fish out of Season, which shall be so seized, together with all Baskets or Package in which the same shall be so seized i and all such Spawn, Fry or Brood of Fish, or such other Fish as aforesaid, together with such Baskets and Package in which the same shall have been so seized as aforesaid, shall, by Order of the Justice or Justices before whom the same shall be so brought, be delivered to the Person or Persons who shall have so seized the fame, and shall prosecute to Conviction any such Offender 5 and every Offender who shall be so convicted as aforesaid of any such Offence, shall besides forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds nor less than Five Pounds.

V. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be deemed or construed to legalize, nor to demolish, take away or destroy any Net, Fish Lock, Coop, Bay or other Work, which shall have been or may hereafter be lawfully erected, put, placed, fixed or used in any such Arm of the Sea, or Efluary or Mouth of any River, or in or upon any Bank, Sand or Shore thereof, or near thereto, or in or near any River, Rivulet, Brook, Stream, Pond, Pool or other Water, Mill Lead, Mill Dam, Sluice, or Cut, which runs into or otherwise communicates therewith, or to the present Modes or Methods used for taking and killing Fish therein, other than and as are in this Act particularly prohibited.

VI. And be it further enacted, That every the pecuniary and other Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act imposed may be sued for, recovered and adjudged, and every Offence against this Act heard and determined, by and before any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace or Magistrate for the County, Shire, Division, City or Place wherein any Offender against this Act shall be or reside, or wherein or near to which the Offence or Offences shall be committed, by and upon the Oath or Affirmation of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or by the Confession of the Party or Parties; which Oath or Oaths, Affirmation or Affirmations, every such Justice of the Peace and other Magistrates aforesaid are hereby authorized, empowered and required to administer accordingly; and in case any Person who shall be convicted of any Offence or Offences against this Act, and shall not immediately upon such Conviction pay down the Penalty or Penalties, together with such Costs of Suitor Prosecution in which he, she or they shall have been so convicted or ordered to pay as aforesaid, into the Hands of the Justice or Justices of the Peace or Magistrate as aforesaid, by and before whom he or she shall have been so convicted, or other Person by them or any of them authorized to receive the same, in order that the fame may be disposed of and distributed according to the Directions of this Act* it shall be lawful for any such Justice or Justices of the Peace or Magistrate aforesaid to order any Constable or other Peace Officer to take the Charge of and keep in Custody any such Person so convicted; and immediately thereupon every such Justice or Justices of the Peace or Magistrate is hereby authorized, ' empowered and required to grant his or their Warrant or Warrants in due Form of Law, under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, and thereby commit every such Offender to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the County, Shire, Division, City or Place for which such Justice or Justices or Magistrates aforesaid shall Act, for such time or times herein after mentioned, unless the said Penalty or Penalties and Costs shall respectively be sooner paid; or otherwise such Justice or Justices of the Peace or Magistrate shall and may grant his or their Warrant or Warrants in due Form of Law, under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, to levy and recover the said Penalty and Penalties and Costs by Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels 5 and that all Penalties and Forfeitures which shall be so paid or levied as aforesaid, shall from time to time be paid, applied and disposed of as follows; /that is to say, ) One Moiety thereof* to the Informer or Informers, and the other Moiety, after defraying all Colls, Charges and Expences attending the Prosecution, and the levying and recovering of the Penalty, to the Overseers of the Poor of the Parish or Place where the Offence or Offences shall have been committed; and the Overplus of the Money levied remaining (if any ihtfre be) after any Penalty or Penalties, and all Costs, Charges and Expences attending the levying and recovering thereof are deducted, (which Costs, Charges and Expences shall always be taxed, settled and ascertained by and before the Justice or Justices of the Peace or Magistrate, as by or before whom any such Offender shall be convicted, ) shall on Demand be returned to the O.wheror Owners of the Goods and Chattels so distrained; and in case sufficient Distress or Distresses shall not be found, or such Penalty or Penalties and Costs shall not be immediately paid, that then it shall be lawful foj any such Justice or Justices of the Peace or Magistrate, and he and they is and are hereby respectively authorized, empowered and required, for the first Offence to commit every such Offender or Offenders to such Gaol or House of Correction as aforesaid for any time not exceeding Four Months nor lef9 than Two Months, for the Second Offence any time not exceeding Eight Months nor less than Six Month.*, and for the Third and every other Offence, for any time not exceeding Twelve Months nor less than Eight Months, there to be kept at hard Labour, and be and remain without Bail or Mainprize.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Justice or Justices of the Peace or Magistrate, or any of them, and they are hereby required, upon Information being made to him or them upon Oath against any Person or Persons who shall or may offend against any thing contained in this Act, to grant his or their Warrant or Warrants under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, to apprehend any Person or Persons so offending, and cause such Offender or Offenders to be brought before him or them, or some other such Justice or other Magistrate; or it shall and may be lawful to and for any such Justice or Justices, or other Magistrates as aforesaid, upon any Injfcroation made without Oath, to grant his or their Summons or Summonses against the Party charged with any such Offence or Offences, or for any Witness or Witnesses to prove any such Offence or Offences as aforesaid; and if any such Person or Persons who shall be duly summoned shall neglect or refuse to appear at the Time and Place appointed by such Summons or Summonses, every such Justice or Justices of the Peace or Magistrates shall and may, upon Oath being

IQ made

A.D. 1818. GEORGII III. C. 43. 435

made of the Person or Persons being so'duly summoned, grant his or their Warrant or Warrants, under his

or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, to apprehend and bring before him and them, or some other

such Justice or Magistrate as aforesaid, the Party or Parties who shall neglect or refuse to appear after being

duly summoned as aforesaid 5 and such Justice or Justices or other Magistrates aforesaid shall inquire into, may deter-

hear and determine the Matter of every such Offence or Offences in a summary Way. m, ne

VIII. And be it further enacted, That no Owner, Farmer or Occupier of, or any Person otherwise inte- Owners, &c. of

rested in any Fishery or Right of Fishing in any Arm of the Sea, River or other Water aforesaid, shall be Fisheries may be deemed an incompetent Witness to prove any Offence or Offences done or committed against this Act, by Wltne!Sjto reason of his or her being such Owner, Farmer or Occupier. proire nces'

IX. And be it further enacted, That every pecuniary Penalty and Forfeiture imposed by this Act may How Penalties be recovered in a summary manner according to the Provisions of this Act, or may be sued for and reeo- may* sued for* vered, together with full Costs of Suit, by and to the only proper Use and Behoof of any Person who shall inform or sue for the fame in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, wherein no Essoign, Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance,

shall be allowed.

X. And be it further enacted, That every Conviction of every Offender against this Act shall be certified por.m of Coi

by the Justice or Justices of the Peace by and before whom the same shall be made, to the General Quarter v*lon* Sessions of the Peace to be held in and for the County, Riding, Division, City or Place where the Offender or Offenders shall be convicted, and shall there be filed amongst the Records of the said Sessions; and every Conviction shall be in the Form of Words, or to the following Effect:

JJE it remembered, That on the Day of in the Year

A.B. was, upon the Complaint of C.D. convicted before me [or us] £. F. One

[or Two] of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace [as the case may bc-\ for*in pursuance of an Act made in the Fifty eighth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third,

[*nfert the Title of the Act-\ for that the said [state the Offence] [and if a Case in nuhtsh

different Penalties are imposed for repeated Offences] this being the First Offence, [Second or Third Offence,

as the case may he] ana I [or we] do hereby adjudge him [her or them] to pay and forfeit for the said i Offence, the Sum of of lawful Money of Great Britain, together the farther

Sum of for Costs of Suit and Prosecution, to the said C.D. Given under my

t Hand and Seal, [or our Hands and Seals, as the case may be-\ at in the County of

t the Day and Year above written/ '

Which said Conviction and Adjudication shall be good and valid in Law to all Intents and Purposes, and shall not be quashed, set aside or adjudged void or insufficient for want of Form only; and shall not be liable to be removed by Certiorari or otherwise into His Majestys Court of King's Bench, or any other of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster> but shall be deemed and taken to be final to all Intents and .Purposes whatsoever.

XI. And be it further enacted, That where any Offender shall be punished for any Offence by virtue of No double Pro-this Act, such Offender shall not again be prosecuted nor incur any Penalty by virtue of any other Law or fecution.

Statute now in force, or be liable to any other Punishment for the fame Offence.

XII. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall think himself or herself aggrieved by the Appeal. Judgment of any Justice of the Peace or Magistrates in any of the Cases aforesaid, may appeal to the Justices of the Peace for the County, Shire, Division, City or Place where such Judgment shall be given, at the then next or next but one General Quarter Sessions of the Peace; but that no such Appeal shall be received, heard or determined, unless the Appellant or Appellants shall, within Ten Days next after such Judgment,

2nd Twenty Days at the least before the holding of such Sessions, give and leave in Writing, as well at the public Office of the Clerk of the Peace for such County, Shire, Division, City or Place where such Person or Persons shall be convicted, as to the Person or at the Dwelling House of the Informer or Prosecutorf, of f su. his, her or their Intention to bring such Appeal, and shall also enter into a Recognizance before such Justice Recognizance, or Justices, in such Sum as any such Justice or Justices of the Peace shall think fit, not exceeding Twenty Pounds, conditioned, to try such Appeal, and like wife to pay the Costs of such Appeal, in case Judgment and Sentence shall upon the hearing thereof be given against the Appellant, within Ten Days next after the Determination thereof; and that the said Justices at, their said Session shall and may, upon due Proof of such Sessions, on Notice given as aforesaid, hear and determine every such Appeal in a summary Way, and shall award or order Proof of Notice, to the Party in whose behalf such Appeal shall be determined, such Costs and Charges as they in their Dif- to determine cretion shall think reasonable and just to be paid by the Party or Parties against whom such Appeal shall be £pp*a an determined 5 and in case such Costs and Charges shall not be paid within the Space of Ten Days next after ° the hearing and determining of such Appeal, the fame may be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Distressfor Chattels of the Person or Persons ordered to pay the same, or his or their Surety or Sureties, in the fame Costs. manner and by the fame Means as all Distresses are ordered to be taken under or by virtue of this Act.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That no Action of Law shall be brought or commenced against any Notice of Ac-Person or Persons for any thing done or to be done by virtue or in Execution of this Act, until One tions for execut-Calendar Month after Notice thereof in Writing shall have been given to the Person or Persons against whom , nS this

such Action shall be intended to be brought, or left at his, her or their last or usual Place or Places of Abode, setting forth the Cause of such Action, and containing the Name arid Place of Abode of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, and also of his or their Attorney; and that every Action brought for any thing done or to be done Limitation* of as aforesaid shall be brought within the Space of Three Calendar Months next after the Cause of Action or Actions.

3 K 2 - Complaint

[General Issue.]

Tender of Amend*.

In what case "Verdict for Defendant*.

[Double Costs.]

Limitation of Actions for Offence*.

Prorifo for former Acts;

and for the Rights of Manors;

and for the Rights of Corporations, Colleges, &c.;

and of the City of London;

and of Lord Mayor, as Conservator of the Thames, &c.

56 G.3. i.lzzziii. extended to this

Aa.

43 o $. c. 8o.

His Majesty may authorize

C. 43, 44, 45. 5a0 GEORGII III. A.D. 1818.

Complaint shall arise, and shall be laid and (ued in the County, Shire, Division, City or Place where the Fast shall have been committed, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants therein may plead the General IfTtie, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done by virtue thereof; and also that it shall and may be lawful to and for such Person or Persons, at any time before Action brought, to tender Amends to the Party complaining, or his or her Agent or Attorney, and in case the fame is not accepted, to plead such Tender in bar to the Action, together with the Plea of Not Guilty, and any other Plea, with the Leave of the Court 5 and if, on the Trial of such Action, it shall appear that the fame was brought before the Expiration of One Calendar Month next after such Notice shall have been so given or left as aforesaid, or after the End of Three Months next after the Cause thereof shall have arisen, or if such Action shall have been brought or laid in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, or after sufficient Tender of Amends shall have been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, that 'then and in any of the Cases aforesaritl, the Jury shall find a Verdict for and acquit the Defendant or Defendants in such Action; or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall discontinue the fame after the Defendant or Defendantis shall have appeared, or shall be nonsuited, and if, upon Demurrer, Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants in such Action shall have Double Co(b, and have the like Remedies for recovering the same as Defendants have for recovering their Costs in other Cases at Law; and that no Action, Suit, Information or other Proceeding whatsoever shall be brought or commenced against any Person or Persons for any Offence or Offences against this Act, unless the same shall be laid or commenced within Six Calendar Months next after any tych Offence or Offences shall have been committed.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend or alter any Act or Acts of Parliament, or any Clause, Provision, Regulation or Penalty or Forfeiture contained in agy Act or Acts of Parliament in force for the Regulation of any Fishery or Fffheries, or the Preservation thereof, or of the Brood, Spawn or Fry of Fish, in any particular County qr 'Arm of the Sea, Estuary or River.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend to affect the Rights of any Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of any Manor 5 and it shall be lawful for such Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, and they are hereby required to appoint Conservators for the" Protection of any River or Rivers within their respective Manors.

XVI. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to prejudice or derogate' from the Rights, Interests, Privileges, Franchises or Authority of any Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or their Successors, or to prohibit, defeat, alter or diminish any Power, Authority or Jurisdiction which such Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, at the time of the passing of this Act, did or might lawfully claim, use or exercise in any River or Rivers as aforesaid.

XVII. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend, to prejudice or derogate from the Rights, Interests, Privileges, Franchises or Authority of the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, or their Successors, or the Lord Mayor of the said City for the time being, or to prohibit, defeat, alter or diminish any Power, Authority or Jurisdiction, which, at the time of making this Act, the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, or the Lord Mayor of the said City for the time being, as Conservator of the River Thames and Waters of Medway, did or might lawfully claim, use or exercise.

CAP. XLIV.

An Act to alter the Application of Part of the Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds granted by an Act passed in the Fifty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for improving the Road from the City of Glasgow to the City of Carlisle.

[28 th May i8| 8.J

CAP. XLV.

An Act for building and promoting the building of additional Churches in populous Parishes.

[30th May 1818O

WHEREAS the Population of Great Britain, anA more particularly in the Metropolis and its Vicinity, Vy and in other Cities and great Towns, has greatly increased, apd the Churches and Chapels pow existipg in the Metropolis and its Vicinity, and in many great and populous Parishes and Extra Parochial

Places, are inadequate to the Accommodation of the Inhabitants thereof: An4 Whereas it is therefore ne^ cessary that such Evil should be remedied, and that additional Churches and Chapels for the Celebration of

Divine Service, according to the Rites of the Ignited Church of England and Ireland, as by Law established- should be erected and maintained in'such Parishes and Places, and that a certain Number of free Seats should i be made therein; Apdt Whereas His Royal Highness the Prince Regent, acting in the Name and on the behalf of His Majesty, .is delirous of aiding His Subjects in the establishing additional Churches in such

Parishes and Places as may require the fame; May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may bp enacted; and be it enacted by The Fang's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by Warrant or Warrants under His Royal Sign Manual, to authorize and empower the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of the United

14 , Kingdom

A.D. 181.8.

58° GEORGII, ffl.

C. 45' 437

payable.

Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland now or for the time being, or any Three or more of*them, or the Commissioners Lord High Treasurer of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for the time being* to cause of of Treasury to direct any Number of Exchequer Bills to be made out at His Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, not ex, - ^j" Exch<lu«* ceeding in the whole the Sum of One Million, in the fame or like manner, Form and Order, and according iM On^MUhoZ to the fame or like Rules and Directions (except where other Directions for making out the same are conr

tained and particularly expressed in this Act), as in and by an Act made in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for regulating the issuing and paying off of Exchequer Bills, 48 0.3. c. 1. > are enacted and prescribed.

II. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Clauses, Provisoes, Powers, Privileges, Advantages, powers of Penalties, Forfeitures and Disabilities contained in the said recited Act of the Forty eighth Year of His present 48 G. 3. c. 1. Majesty's Reign, shall be applied and extended to the Exchequer Bills to be made out 111 pursuance of this A A, extended to

as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the said several Clauses or Provisoes had been particu- Ex*he<luer larly repeated and reenacted in the Body of this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act a£Jt*

fttall and may bear an Interest not exceeding the Rate of Two pence per Centum per Diem upon or in respect of Biftstobear an the whole of the Monies respectively contained therein, and the Principal and Interest thereof respectively Interest of Two shall be made payable at such Periods as Qiall be fixed by the said Commissioners of His Majestys Treasury, pence per Owm or any Three or more of them, or the said Lord High Treasurer for the time being 5 but nevertheless so as DieW' that all such Bills as shall be advanced for the carrying the Purposes of this Act into Execution, shall be Time* when made payable within Three Years from the issuing thereof 5 and the principal Sum contained in every such Bill, and with such Interest as aforesaid, shall be paid oft and discharged upon the Days and times respectively appointed for the Payment thereof.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all and every the Exchequer Bills to be made forth Such Bills not to by virtue of this Act, ot so many of them as shall from time to time remain undischarged and uncancelled be exchanged for antr the respective Days.on which they shall become due and payable, shall and may after that time pass and

be current to all and every the Receivers and* Collectors in Great Britain of the Customs, Excise or any Re- f^°^Dayao-venue, Supply, Aid or Tax whatsoever due or payable to His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, and also at J^ted for thrir the Receipt of Exchequer at Westminster from the said Receivers or Collectors; but no such Receiver or Payment, &c. Collector shall exchange, at any time before the said Day of Payment thereof, for any Money of such Revenues, Aids, Taxes or Supplies in his Hands, any Exchequer Bill which shall have been issued as aforesaid by virtue of this Act; nor shall any Action be maintained against such Receiver or Collector for neglecting or nor Adioo for refuting to exchange any such Exchequer Bill for ready Money before the said Day of Payment thereof, refuting to Ex-any thing in this Act to the contrary contained in any wise notwithstanding; and that such of the fame Bills change, as shall be received at the said Receipt of Exchequer shall and may be locked up and secured as Cash, according to the Course of the said Exchequer settled and established by Law for locking up and securing Mo-nies received in Specie there.

V. And be it further enacted, That from time to time as the Commissioners for the Execution of this Act, Treasury to to be appointed as is herein after provided, shall find it necessary to apply to the Purposes thereof any Amount direct Exche-of such Bills to be advanced under the Provisions of this Ad/ the said Commissioners shall forthwith represent quer to issue the same to the said Lord High Treasurer or Lords Commissioners of the Treasury of Great Britain and Ireland; |H*"

and the said Lord High Treasurer or Lords Commissioners, or any Three or more of them for the time of^m-

being, shall thereupon, if satisfied of such Necessity, direct that such Portion of such Exchequer Bills shall be nrissioners. issued by the Auditor of the Receipt of the Exchequer at Westminster for the time being to the said Commissioners for the Execution of this Act; and the said Auditor shall, immediately on the Receipt of such Direction, cause and direct to be delivered to the Secretary of the said Commissioners, Exchequer Bills payable at such Periods and to such Amount as shall in such Direction be specified, provided that the 'Total Amount to be so issued by virtue of such Certificates shall not at any one time exceed the Amount Total A mouse, of Exchequer Bills directed to be issued under this Act; and every such Exchequer Bill shall bear Date on j)ateid Scathe Day on which the said Direction shall be so received by such Auditor, or such other Day as shall in ture'of Excht-such Direction be specified; and all such Exchequer Bills shall and may be signed by the Auditor of the*qfter Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, or in his Name by any Person duly authorized by the said Auditor to iign Exchequer Bills.

YL. And be it further enacted, That the Officer or Officers of the Exchequer, by whom such Exchequer Lists of Exche-Bills shall be delivered, shall from time to time, upon Requisition of the said Commissioners for the Execution quer Bills mads of this Act, deliver or cause to be delivered to them at their Office, complete Lists of all the Exchequer outtobedeli-Bills so made out and delivered, specifying therein the respective Dates and Sums expressed therein, and the Periods appointed for the Payment of the fame, and distinguish the Persons to whom and the Numbers of the Certificates by virtue whereof the fame respectively were made -out and delivered.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Governor and Company of the Bank of B»kmay ad-England to advance or lend to His Majesty, at the Receipt of the Exchequer of Great Britain, upon the vance Money on Credit of the Exchequer Bills issued under this Act, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the Credit of Ad.*Sum of One Million; any thing in an Act made in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of King William, and Queen Mary> intituled An Act for granting to Their MajeJUes fevered Rates and Duties upon Tonnage of 5&6 W. & M. Ships and Vessels, and upon Beery Ale and other Liquors; and for securing certain Recompenses and Aavam- c# ao* tages in the said Act mentioned, to such ersons as shall voluntarily advance the Sum of One million Rye hundred thousand Pounds towards carrying on jbe War against France, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

vm. At&

His Majesty empowered to appoint Commissioners for executing Act.

Commissioners to examine the State of Parishes.

Commissioners may appoint Secretary and Clerk, and make Surveys, Reports, &c. and alflgn reasonable Salaries.

Treasury to issue Money for defraying Charges incurred in the Execution of this Act, of which an Account shall be laid before Parliament.

Commissioners to draw up Rules for their Proceedings, and fix the Sums to be allowed for building Churches, and lay such Rules before His Majesty in Council. Commissioners may grant Money for the building the Churches in Parishes of certain Population, and in want of Accommodation.

Commissioners may make Grants and ad-ranee Money to build Churches in Parishes, fcc. where a certain Proportion of the Expence is raised by Rate or Subscription.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, by Letters Patent under the Great Seal of the United Kingdom, to nominate, constitute and appoint such Persons as His Majesty ftiatl deem fit to be His Commissioners for carrying into Execution the Purposes of this Act, and to order and direct in such Appointment that any Five or more of such Commissioners may aft in the Execution of the Powers of this Act 5 and such Commission shall continue in force for the Term of Ten Years from the Date of such Letters Patent, unless His Majesty shall think fit sooner to alter or revoke the same.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall examine into the present State of the Parishes and Extra Parochial Places in the Metropolis and its Vicinity, and in all other Parts of England and Wales, so far as conveniently may be, for the Purpose of ascertaining the Parishes and Places in which additional Churches or Chapels for the Performance of Divine Service, according to the Rites of the United Church of England and Ireland as by Law established, are most required, and the most effectual and proper Means of affording such Accommodation.

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to appoint a Secretary and Clerk, and to employ such Surveyors and other fit Persons to make Plans and Estimates, and (if the Commissioners shall deem the fame necessary) Surveys and Reports for the Purpose of affording to the Commissioners all such Information as they may require for the Purpose of ascertaining the best Mode of providing fit and proper Accommodation for the largest Number of Persons at the lead Expence 5 and may assign and pay to all such Persons reasonable Salaries or Rewards for their Services therein.

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of His Majesty* Treasury, or any Three or more of them, or the Lord High Treasurer for the time being and they are hereby respectively authorized, to issue and advance, or cause to be issued and advanced, all such Sums of Money as shall appear to them to be necessary, to such Person or Persons, in such manner and in such Proportions as the Commissioners for the Execution of this Act, or any Five or more of them respectively, shall by Writing under their Hands from time to time desire, and as shall be approved by the said Lord High Treasurer or Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them for the time being; and such Sums respectively shall and may be issued out of any Part of the Public Monies remaining in His Majesty's Exchequer at Westmlnsler; which Sums so to be issued and advanced shall be applied to the Payment of Allowances and Rewards as aforesaid, and in defraying all other necessary Charges and Expences in or about the Execution of this Act, without other Account than before the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury; and which Money so to be issued shall not be subject to any Tax, Duty, Rate or Assessment whatsoever, imposed by Authority of Parliament; but that an Account of the said Charges and Expences, so long as the said Commission shall remain in force, shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament on or before the Twenty fifth Day of March in each Year, if Parliament shall be then fitting; but if Parliament shall not be then fitting, then within Fourteen Days after the Commencement of the then next Session of Parliament.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, as soon after their Appointment as the obtaining necessary Information will allow, draw up certain Rules for their general Proceedings, and shall fix and specify therein the largest Amount of Allowances to be granted for building any Church, and make such other Regulations as the said Commissioners shall deem expedient and necessary to be fixed and known, for the furtherance of the Purpos's of the Act', and from time to time, as Occasion may require, shall have Power to alter or vary any such Regulations, and to make any such further or additional Regulations as they may deem expedient; and all such Rules and Regulations shall be laid before His Majesty in Council, who shall have Power to approve or disallow the same.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to make, irt His Majesty's Name, out of the Sum so appropriated by this Act, Grants for building, or to cause to be built. Churches or Chapels in such Parishes or Extra Parochial Places only in which there is a population of not less than Four thousand Persons, and in which there is not Accommodation in the Churches or Chapels therein for more than One fourth Part of such Population to attend Divine Service according to the Rites of tha United Church of England and Ireland, or in which there shall appear to the said Commissioners to be One thousand Persons resident more than Four Miles from any such Church or Chapel, and in which the Commissioners shall be satisfied, from the Circumstances of such Parish or Extra Parochial Place, of the Inability of the Parishioners and Inhabitants thereof to bear any Part of the Charge of such Building in addition to the Charge herein after mentioned; and also to make Grants or Loans to assist in building such Churches and Chapels in such other Parishes or Places as may contain a like Population, and may equally require further Accommodation for Divine Service, but in which the said Commissioners may deem the Parishioners and Inhabitants thereof capable of bearing a Part of the Expence of erecting such Churches and Chapels, or of repaying the fame by Instalments, if advanced by way of Loan.

XIV. And Whereas the Sum granted by this Act is inadequate to the affording Grants to all the Parishes and Extra Parochial Places in want of sufficient Accommodation for Attendance upon such Divine Service as

aforesaid: And Whereas many of such Parishes and Extra Parochial Places may be disposed to raise by Rates,

within limited Periods, certain Proportions of the Sums required to build such Churches or Chapels

respectively, or well disposed Persons within the same or elsewhere may be willing to raise by Subscription such

Proportions, or such a Part thereof as, together with the Money to be raised by Rate, will amount to such Proportion; Be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, upon any Parish of Extra Parochial Place so offering to contribute or raise by Rates or Subscription, or by Rates aided by Subscription, such Proportion of the Expence of building any Church or Chapel, or Churches or Chapels which may be required in any such Parish or Extra Parochial Place, as shall have been fixed as a proper Proportion by the said Commissioners according to any such Rules and Regulations as aforesaid, or shall be deemed by the said Commissioners

A.D. 1818. 58° GEORGII III. C. 45.

Commissioners a proper Proportion, and they are hereby empowered to grant to any such Parish or Extra Parochial Place the remaining Sum necessary to build any such Church or Churches, or Chapel or Chapels, and to advance and lend to such Parish or Extra Parochial Place any Part of the Proportion so proposed to be raised by Rates as aforesaid.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, in the Selections of Parishes and Extra Parochial Places for making their Distribution of the Sums granted by this Act, shall have regard to the Amount of Population in such Parishes and Extra Parochial Places, and also to the Disproportion between the Number of Inhabitants and the present Accommodation for Attendance upon Divine Service according to the Rites of the United Church of England and Ireland as by Law established; and in giving Preference among such Parishes and Extra Parochial Places, shall have regard to the Proportion of the Expence of affording the Accommodation required which shall be offered to be contributed or raised in Aid of the Purposes of this Act, towards the building Churches or Chapels in such respective Parishes or Extra Parochial Places, and to the pecuniary Ability of the Inhabitants of such Parishes or Places; and the said Commissioners, in giving Preference as between Parishes and Extra Parochial Places not offering to contribute any Proportion of such Expence as aforesaid, shall have regard to the Order of Priority in which Parishes and Extra Parochial Places under similar Circumstances as to Population, and Disproportion between such Population and the Accommodation afforded by the Churches and Chapels therein, shall have provided and given Notice to the Commissioners of having provided Sites for the Churches intended to be built in such respective Parishes or Extra Parochial Places,

XVI. And be it further enacted, That in every Case in which the said Commissioners shall be of opinion that it will be expedient to divide any Parish into Two or more distinct and separate Parishes for all ecclesiastical Purposes whatever, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, with the Consent of the Bishop of the Diocese in which such Parish is locally situated, signified under his Hand and Seal, to apply to the Patron or Patrons of the Church of such Parish, for his Consent to make such Division, and for such Patron or Patrons to fienify his or their Consent thereto under his Hand and Seal; and the said Commissioners shall, upon the Content of the said Patron or Patrons so signified, represent the whole matter to His Majesty in Council, and shall (late in such Representation the Bounds by which it is proposed, with such Consent as aforesaid, to divide such Parish, together with the relative and respective Proportions of Glebe Land, Tithes, Modules or other Endowments, which will by such Division arise and accrue, and remain and be, within each of such respective Divisions; and also the relative Proportions of the estimated Amount of the Value or Produce of Fees, Oblations, Offerings or other Ecclesiastical Dues or Profits which may arise and accrue within each of such respective Divisions; and if thereupon His Majesty in Council shall think fit to direct such Division to be made, such Order of His Majesty in Council shall be valid and good in Law for the Purpose of effecting such Division: Provided always, that no such Division of any Parish into distinct Parishes shall completely take effect until after the Death, Resignation or other Avoidance of the existing Incumbent of the Parish to be divided.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Tithes, Modules, Endowments or other Ecclesiastical Dues or Profits belonging to the Incumbent of any such Parish, whether by Endowment, Prescription, Usage or otherwise, shall, when so divided as aforesaid, belong to and be recoverable by the Incumbents of the Churches of each of the Divisions respectively of the Parish to which they shall be assigned, in like manner in every respect as they were before recoverable by the Incumbent of the original Parish.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That during the Incumbency of the existing Incumbent of any such Parish, every new Church therein built, purchased, assigned or provided as the intended Parish Church of any Division intended to become and be a distinct Parish, shall remain a Chapel of Ease, and shall be served, during the Incumbency of such Incumbent of the original Parish, by a Curate to be nominated by such Incumbent, and licensed by the Bishop of the Diocese, and paid in manner herein after directed.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That every such distinct and separate Parish as aforesaid shall, when such Division as aforesaid shall become complete by the Death, Resignation or other Avoidance of the existing Incumbent of the original Parish, be deemed either a Rectory, Vicarage, Donative or Perpetual Curacy, and the Spiritual Person serving the fame, the Rector, Vicar or Perpetual Curate thereof, or Person having Cure of Souls therein, according to the Nature of the original Church of the Parish so divided, and shall be for ever thereafter subject to the Laws, Provisions and Regulations, as to Presentation and Appointment, and as to Institution, Collation, Induction or Licence, and to all such Jurisdiction of the Bishop, or other Jurisdiction, and to holding Benefices as are by Law applicable to the original Parish.

XX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all such Donatives and Perpetual Curacies shall be subject to Lapse as Benefices, if no Appointment^of a Spiritual Person thereto shall be made within Six Months after any Death, Resignation, Removal or other Avoidance of the Incumbents thereof respectively j Provided also, that no Spiritual Person appointed to any such Donative or Perpetual Curacy shall be removable at the Pleasure of any Person, or Body Corporate or Politic, having the Power of Appointment thereto.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That in any Case in which the said Commissioners shall be of opinion that it is not expedient to divide any populous Parish or Extra Parochial Place into such complete, separate and distinct Parishes as aforesaid, but that it is expedient to divide the fame into such Ecclesiastical Districts as they, with the Consent of the Bishop signified under his Hand and Seal, may deem necessary for the Purpose of affording Accommodation for the attending Divine Service according to the Rites of the United Church of England and Ireland, to Persons residing therein, in the Churches and Parochial Chapels already built, or in additional Churches or Chapels to be built therein, and as may appear to such Commissioners to be convenient

439

Rules to be ob-(Vrved by Commissioners, in felt Hn* Parishes for Grants; and in giving Preference of Grants.

Upon Representation of the Commissioners in manner Rated, Parishes by order of The King in Council may be divided into separate Parishes for all Ecclesiastical Purposes.

Tithes, &c. to belong to the Incumbent of each Division.

New Churches of divided Parishes to remain Chapels of Ease during existing Incumbency.

New Churches, when Division complete, to be Rectories, Vicarages or Perpetual Curacies, like original Parish,

Donatives to lapse, if no Appointment made in Six Months.

Parishes may by Order of King in Council be divided into Ecclesiastical Dif-tri&5, or other-w ife Commissioners may build or aid the

44o

building Chipels, to l»e served by Curates to be appointed by th? Incumbent (ft the Parish.

Distxi&s when made to be described, and Description of Boundaries enrolled in Chancery,

flKng in Council may alter such Boundaries.

Distri&g to be separate Parishes for allEcclefi-afticai Purposes.

Exception.

How ftr Cluir<be*-«Kd Chapels of such Districts to be deemed Benefices presenta-tive.

No Disttrift Church or Chapel held with original or any other Church. All Acts of Parliament, &c. relating to publishing Banns of Marriage, &c. to apply to such distinct Parishes, Churches and Chapels.

Banns not to be published, or Marriages, &c. had, in any such District Church or Chapel, until after the Death,

C. 45. 58° GEORGII III. A.D. 1818.

venient for the enabling the Spiritual Person or Persons who may serve such Churches or Chapels to perform <all Ecclesiastical Duties within the Districts attached to such respective Churches and Chapels, and for the due Ecclesiastical Superintendence of such District, and the Preservation and Improvement of the religious and moral Habits of the Persons reading therein, the said Commissioners shall represent such Opinion to His Majesty in Council, and shall Rate in such Representation the Bounds by which such Districts are proposed to be described; and if thereupon His Majesty in Council shall think fit to direct such Division to be made', such Order of His Majesty in Council shall be valid and good in Law for the Purpose of effecting such Division; or in any Case in which the said Commissioners shall be of Opinion that it is not expedient to make any such Division into such Ecclesiastical Districts as aforesaid, the said Commissioners may build or aid^he Building of any additional Chapels in any such Parishes or Extra Parochial Places, to be served by Curates to be respectively nominated and appointed by the respective Incumbents of the Churches of the respective Parishes or Extra Parochial Places, and licensed by the Bishop of the Diocese 5 such Curates tfl be paid such Salaries as shall be assigned by the said Commissioners, under the Provisions of this Act, in manner herein after directed.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the several new Parishes created by any such complete Division

as aforesaid, and also the several Districts of any Parish or Extra Parochial Place where any such Division thereof shall have been so made as aforesaid, shall be ascertained and marked out by described Bounds, and the Description of Inch Bounds shall be enrolled in the High Court of Chancery, and be registered in the Office of Registry of the Diocese, and Notice thereof given in such manner as the Commissioners shall deem necessary and dire# for that Purpose.^-

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That if His Majesty in Council, upon the Representation of the said Commissioners, made with the Consent of the Bishop of the Diocese, signified under his Hand and Seal, shall think fit to alter such Boundaries at any time within Five Years after such Enrolment, such Order in Council shall be valid and good in Law for the Purpose of effecting such Alteration, and the same shall be enrolled and registered in like manner as is above mentioned.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That such Boundaries shall continue and be the Boundaries of such. Parishes or Districts respectively, unless fb altered, and such Districts shall thereupon become and be called District Parishes, by such Names as shall be given to them respectively in the Inftriimfent so enrolled as aforesaid, and shall become and be separate and distinct District Parishes, and the Churches and Chapeltf re*-spedlively assigned to such Districts shall, when duly consecrated for that Purpose, become and be the District Parish Churches of such District Parishes, for all Purposes of Ecclesiastical Worship and Performance of Ecclesiastical Duties, and as to all Marriages, Christenings, Churchings and Burials, and the Registry thereof respectively within the same, and in relation to all Fees, Oblations and Offerings, and the demanding, firing and prosecuting for and recovering the fame, and as to all other Purposes whatsoever, save and except as is in this Act particularly excepted.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That every Church and Chapel built or acquired under the Provisions of this Act, and appropriated to any such District Parish so made under the Provisions of this Act, shall be deemed a Perpetual Curacy, and shall be considered in Law as a Benefice Presentative, so far only as that the Licence thereto shall operate in the same manner as Institution to any such Benefice, and shall render voidable other Livings in like manner as Institution to any such Benefice, and the Spiritual Person serving the fame shall be deemed the Incumbent thereof; and such Incumbents shall have perpetual Succession, and shall be and ate hereby declared to be Bodies Politic and Corporate, and may receive and take such Endowments in Lands or Tithes, or both, or any such Augmentation as shall be granted to them or their Successors; and all such Incumbents, and all Persons presenting or appointing any such Incumbents shall respectively be subject to all Jurisdictcions and Laws Ecclesiastical or Common, and to all Provisions, Regulations, Penalties and Forfeitures contained in any Acts of Parliament in force relating thereto respectively; and in case of any Failure or Neglect in not presenting or nominating any such Incumbent for the Space of Six Months, such Presentation or Appointment shall thereupon lapse as in Cases of actual Benefices.

XXVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no such Church or Chapel of any such Parish or District Parish created according to the Provisions of this Act, shall be tenable or holden with the original Church of the Parish or Extra Parochial Place out of which such Parish or District Parish shall have been taken, or with the Church or Chapel of any other such Parish or District Parish,

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That all Acts of Parliament, Laws and Customs relating to pub-tishing Banns of Marriage, Marriages, Christenings, Churchings and Burials, and the registering thereof, and to all Ecclesiastical Fees, Oblations or Offerings, mail apply to such separate and distinct Parishes and £)iftri& Parishes so made as aforesaid, when they shall so become complete, separate and distinct Parishes or District Parishes, under the Provisions of this Act, after the Death, Resignation or other Avoidance of the existing Incumbents respectively in each such Parish or Extra Parochial Place, and to the Churches and Chapels thereof, and to the Ecclesiastical Persons having Cure of Souls, or serving the fame, in like manner in every respect as if the fame respectively had been ancient, separate and distintt Parishes and Parish Churches by Law, to all Intents and Purposes.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Banns of Matrimony shall be published or Marriages celebrated or solemnized, or Baptisms or Churchings had, by any Person whatever, within any Church or Chapel of any such separate and distinct Parish, so made by any such Division as aforesaid, 6r in any private House thferrin, or within any such District Church or Chapel, or in any private House within such District, nor shall any Burials be performed within any Cemetery appertaining or belonging to any such Church or Chapel by any Person whatever, except by the Incumbent or the Church of the Parish or Extra

Parochial

A.D. 1818. 58° GEORGII III. C. 45. 441

parochial Place from which such Parish shall have been separated, or some Curate of such Incumbent duly Resignation or Itceofed in that behalf, until after the Death, Resignation or other Avoidance of the Spiritual Person who Avoidt"ce of the shall be the Incumbent of the Church of the Parish or the Extra Parochial Place at the time of the Confe- the^ime ot Concretion of any such Church or Chapel of any such separated Parish or District Parish; and from and after the feCration of the" Death, Resignation or other Avoidance of the then Incumbent, to be certified under and according to the Church or Provision8 of this Act, Banns of Matrimony may be published, and Marriages celebrated and solemnized, and ChapeL Baptisms, Burials and Churchings had, within the Church or Chapel of any such separated Parish or District Parish, provided the fame be respectively published, celebrated, solemnized and had according to the Laws and Canons in force within the Realm in that behalf; and all such Banns a9 shall be published, and also all and every such Marriage and Marriages as shall be celebrated and solemnized in any such Church or Chapel, after the Entries, under and according to the Provisions of this Act, of the Notification, under the Hand and Seal of the Bishop of the Diocese, of the Death, Resignation or other Avoidance of the Incumbent of the Church of the Parish or Extra Parochial Place, shall be as good, valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes as if the fame were published, celebrated and solemnized in the Church of the Parish or Extra Parochial Place in which the same shall be situate.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That the Death, Resignation or other Avoidance of the Spiritual &c. of Person who was the Incumbent of the Church of any Parish and Extra Parochial Place in which any such separated Parish or District Church or Chapel shall be so consecrated as aforesaid, at the time of such Confe- notifie(| 5* e cration shall be notified by the Bishop of the Diocese, under his Hand and Seal, to the Spiritual Person then Bishop, and en-serving the Church or Chapel, and to the Churchwardens of the Parish or Place in which the Church or tered in Register Chapel shall be situate; and such Notifications shall be preserved with, and Copies thereof shall be entered in Books of Parish the Books of Registers of Marriages, Births and Burials of the Church of the Parish or Extra Parochial g^Ent^es Place, and Copies of such Notifications shall be also entered in the Books of Registers to be provided for Evidence of entering the Publications of Banns and Solemnization of Marriages, and the Baptisms and Burials in such Commence-Chapels, and such Entries shall be authenticated by the Churchwardens of such Churches and Chapels re- ment of Publi-spectively, and shall be sufficient Evidence of the Period of Commencement, under the Provisions of this Act, cation of Banns, of the Publication of Banns and Solemnization of Marriages and Baptisms, and Performance of Burials in of*

any such Chapel or any Cemetery thereof. ape, c

XXX. And be it further enacted, That such Division of any Parish into District Parishes only, and not Division not to into complete, separate and distiuft Parishes, shall not in any manner affect any Land, Glebe, Tithes, Modules affect'Glebe, or Endowment of or belonging to the original Church of the Parish or Extra Parochial Place, all which shall Tithe, Modules, continue to belong to the Incumbent thereof, and to be holden, demanded, taken and received by him in like toremain manner to all Intents and Purposes as if no such Division had taken place; and the original Parish shall remain al to au such and continue a Parish, as to all such Glebe Land, Tithes, Modules and Endowment, and all Dues, Rights Rights, &c. and Remedies in relation thereto, as if this Act had not passed.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That no Divisions of any Parish or Extra Parochial Place, whether it Proviso for Poor be divided into separate Parishes with the Consent of the Patron and Bishop of the Diocese, or into Distit& and other Pa-Parishes, nor any thing in this Act contained in relation thereto, shall affect or in any manner be construedto rochwl Rates; affect any Parish or Extra Parochial Place so divided, or the Persons residing therein, in any other respect than

in this Act particularly provided, or in any manner to apply to any Poor or other Parochial Rates which may be raised in the Parish or Extra Parochial Place so divided, or in any such separated Parish or District Parish, or to the Maintenance or Relief of Poor Persons, or to any Title or Claim to such Relief, or to any Powers relating to any such Rates, or holding Vestries, or Appointment or Powers of Parish Officers, or any such Relief or Claim thereto, or to any Act or Acts of Parliament or Law or Custom relating thereto, save and except as to except as to Church Rates, in so far as the same are regulated by the Provisions of this Act 5 but the original Church Rates as Parish shall to all such Purposes remain and continue m Law a Parish to all Intents, as if no such Division e£rein , nentlon' thereof into separate Parishes or District Parishes had been made«

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That the said ComroHfioners may ascertain the average Amount, in Commissioners any Parish or Extra Parochial Place, of all Fees, Oblations and Offerings, whether voluntary or otherwise, may ascertain lor the Three Years preceding the making any such Division into District Parishes, and also for each Year »"d mike Com. subsequent to such Division, during the Incumbency of the existing Incumbent, and may for that Purpose

summon and examine upon Oath the Incumbent or any other Person or Persons, and require the Production iation^ offer-of and examine any Books or Papers necessary for that Purpose, and shall thereupon cause Compensation to ings, &c. be made out of the Monies granted by this Act to the Incumbent of any such Parish, during his Incumbency, for any Loss which he may sustain by reason of the Diminution thereof, in consequence of any such Division into District Parishes, and of such Fees, Oblations and Offerings being transferred thereby to the Spiritual Persons serving the Churches or Chapels of District Parishes under the Provisions of this A &: Provided Praviso foi always, that no such Ascertainment or Compensation made thereupon, or Inquiry made, or Matter or thing Questions of done, or Evidence given or produced in relation thereto, shall in any manner affect or prejudice any Question Biotas to any Right or Claim io relation to any such Fees, Oblations or Offerings.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to accept and take any Commissioners Building or Buildings fit to be used for or to be converted into such additional Churches or Chapels, and also any m*y accept Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments proper for Sites of additional Churches or Chapels, not exceeding Build"»&sand iu Quantity in any one Place what may be sufficient for building of a Church or Chapel, providing a Church- chu*rch« or yard, and making a proper and sufficient Access or Approach thereto, from any Persons willing to give the chsptb; fame; and every such Site, when conveyed to the said Commissioners, and the Church erected thereupon,

a«d Notice thereof given to the Bishop of the Diocese, shall become for ever thereafter devoted to Ecclesiastica)

58 Geo. III. 3 L Purpose*

44*

C. 45.

58° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1818.

ad Houses, ke. for Residence of Spiritual Person.

Commissioners of Woods, with Content of Treasury, Duchy of Lancader and Cornwall, and Bodies Politic, kc. may grant Sites for building such Churches or Chapels.

Parishes and Extra Parochial Places to furnish Sites when required by Commissioners. Notice and Proceedings by Commissioners when they have fixed upon a Partfh.

Purposes only, in order that the fame may be consecrated by the Bishop to Public Worship according to the Rites of the United Church of England and Ireland, as by Law established: And it shall also be lawful for the said Commissioner* to accept and take from any Person willing to give the fame, any House, Garden and Appurtenances, not exceeding Ten Acres in the whole, for the Residence of the Spiritual Person serving such Church or Chapel, or any Land, not exceeding the said Ten Acres in Quantity, for erecting such House and Appurtenances and making such Garden, and the same shall (immediately upon or after the Consecration of such Church or Chapel) become and be the House and Glebe belonging to such Church or Chapel, and vest in the Incumbent for the time being as such.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, by and with the Consent of the Lord High Treasurer of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or any Three or more of them, in Writing, or for His Majesty by any Grant signed by the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster for the time being, or for the Duke of Cornwall by any Grant signed by the Chancellor of the Duchy of Cornwall for the time being, or for any Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or Corporation Aggregate or Sole, to grant any such Building or Buildings, or any Site or Sites for the building of any such Churches or Chapels, with or without Cemeteries thereto, and any House or Appurtenances and Garden for the Residence of the Spiritual Person who may serve the Church or Chapel.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That all such Parishes and Extra Parochial Places as shall be required by the Commissioners, shall furnish Sites for such additional Churches or Chapels as the Commissioners may deem necessary to be built under the Provisions of this Act; and that as soon as the Commissioners shall have fixed upon any Parish or Extra Parochial Place as being one in which it is necessary that a Church or Chapel should be built under the Provisions of this Act, they shall give Notice to the Churchwardens thereof; by causing such Notice to be left at their respective Places of Abode, of their Intention to build or eause to be built such Church or Chapel, and of the Extent of Ground which will be required for the Site thereof, and making a proper Access and Approach thereto, and of the Part of the Parish or Extra Parochial Place within which the same are required to be provided; and the said Churchwardens shall within the Space of Fourteen Days call a Meeting of the Vestry or Select Vestry of the Parish or Extra Parochial Place, or the Persont posseffing under any Act or Acts of Parliament the Powers of Vestry of the Parish or Extra Parochial Place, for the Purpose of taking all such Measures as may be necessary for providing such Site and Approach thereto as aforesaid; and in case such Parish or Extra Parochial Place shall not be able to provide the fame without Purchase, then the Vestry or SeleA Vestry, or the Persons possessing as aforesaid the Powers of Vestry, shall and are hereby required forthwith to proceed to treat for a Site and Approach thereto according to such Notice, but shall not conclude any Bargain for the fame without the Approbation of the Commissioners.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for all Bodies Politic, Corporate or Colle-

slate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Tenants for Life or in Tail, Husbands, Guardians, Trustees and eoffecs in Trust, Committees, Executors and Administrators, and all other Persons and Trustees whomsoever, not only for or on behalf of themselves, their Heirs and Successors, but also for and on .behalf of Cestuique Trusts, whether Infants, Issue unborn, Lunatics, Idiots, Femes Covert or other Person or Persons, and to and for all Femes Covert who are or shall be seised, possessed of or interested in their own Right, and for every other Person or Persons whomsoever who shall b.e seised, possessed of or interested in any Lauds, Grounds and Hereditaments which shall be set out and ascertained for any such Site, to contract for, sell and convey* or if Copyhold to enfranchise the fame and every Part thereof, unto the said Commissioners under the Provisions of this Act; and all such Contradts, Agreements, Sales, Conveyances and Assurances shall be valid and effectual in the Law to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, any Law, Statute, Usage or Custom to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding 5 and all Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, and all Persons whomsoever so conveying as aforesaid, are hereby indemnified for or in respect of any such Sale which he, she or they, or any of them, {bail respectively make by virtue or in pursuance of this ActL

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That all Conveyances and Assurances which shall be made of anj Lands or Hereditaments to the said Commissioners, or any other Person or Persons, for the Purposes of this Act, shall be made according to the Form following, or as near thereto as the Circumstances of the Case will admit (except in Cases of Purchases of Lands belonging to His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, or to the Duchy of Cornwall, for which Provision is herein after made); videlicet,

c T Lor we3 of in consideration of the Sum of

> tome [$r us] paid, do hereby grant and release to all [<describing the Premises

to be conveyed] and all my Right, Title and Interest to and in the fame and every Part thereof, to hold*to the said and their Successors, and to be devoted, when consecrated, to Ecclesiastical

Purposes for ever, by virtue and according to the true Intent and Meaning of an Act passed in the Fifty*eighth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled \here set forth the Title of this

4 A8."] In Witness whereof I have hereunto set my Hand and Seal, this Day of

in the Year of our Lord

And all such Conveyances and Assurances shall be valid and effectual in the Law to all Intents and Purposes, and shall be a complete Bar to all Estates Tail and other Estates, Rights, Titles, Trusts and Interests, and Incumbrances whatsoever.

Conveyance by

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where there shall be Occasion to take Part of

Lords of Manors any Common or Waste Grounds for the Purposes of this Act, the Conveyance thereof by the Lord and Lady

of

Bfidies Politic, &c. empowered to sell and convey Sites.

Form of Conveyance to the Commissionera.

A.D. 1818.

58° GEORGII III. C. 45. 443

of the Manor wherein the same shall be situate, shall be a good and sufficient Conveyance for the Purpose of vesting the Fee Simple and Inheritance thereof under this Act as fully and effectually as if every Person having Right of Common upon such Commons or Waste Grounds had joined in and executed such Conveyance; and that the CompenUtion to be paid for any Right of Common upon any such Commons or Waste Ground* as aforesaid shall be paid to the Churchwardens of the respective Parishes wherein such Commons or Waste Grounds shall lie, and shall be by such Churchwardens received and applied for such general or public Purposes within such Parishes respectively as a Vestry of every such Parish, to be convened by such Churchwardens for that Purpose, shall direct, except as is in this Act otherwise provided.

XXXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all and every Body and Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Trustee or other Persons hereinbefore capacitated to sell and convey any Lands, Tenements and other Hereditaments, or fcnfranchise any Copyholds, or any Owner or Owners, and the Occupier or Occupiers of any Lands, Tenements or other Hereditaments required to be taken for the Purposes of this Act, may accept and receive Satisfaction for the Value of such Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, or of any such Interests as aforesaid; and from and immediately after the time of making and executing such Sale and Conveyance, or any Contract or Contracts for the fame, the said Commissioners, or any Person or PerfoBS purchasing the fame under the Provision and for the Purposes of this Act, may and shall be at liberty to enter upon, and from thenceforth for ever to have, take and use the said Lands, Tenements and other Hereditaments for the Purposes of this Act; and in case the Parties interested in such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, cannot or do not agree as to the Amount or Value of such Satisfaction, the same shall be ascertained and settled by the Verdict of a Jury, as is herein after directed.

XL. And for settling all Differences which may arise between the said Commissioners and the several Owners of or Persons interested in any Lands, Tenements or other Hereditaments which shall or may be taken or used for the Purposes of this Act; be it further enacted, That if any Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or any other Person or Persons so interested for and on his, her or their Part or Parts, or for or on the Part of his, her or their Cestuique Trusts, or of any other incapacitated Person or Persons as aforesaid, shall refuse to accept such Purchase Money or other Compensation as shall be offered by them the said Commissioners, or their Agent by or on their behalf, and shall give Notice thereof in Writing to the Secretary for the time being to the said Commissioners within Seven Days next after such Offer shall have been made, and the Party or Parties giving such Notice as aforesaid shall therein request that the Matter or Matters in dispute may be submitted to the Determination of a Jury; or if any Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or any otjher Person or Persons seised or possessed of or interested in any such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments as aforesaid, shall refuse to treat or agree, or shall not agree, or by reason of Absence or Disability cannot agree with the said Commissioners, or with any Person or Persons authorized by them, for the Sale and Conveyance of their respective Estates and Interests therein, or cannot be found or known, or shall not produce and evince a clear Title to the Premises they may be in Possession of, or to the Interest they shall claim therein, to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, or of the Person or Persons authorized by them; then and in every such Case the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby empowered and required from time to time to issue a Warrant under their Common Seal, to the Sheriff of the County in which such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments shall lie, or the Matter in question or dispute shall arise ? or in case such Sheriff or his Under Sheriff shall happen to be one of the said Commissioners, or shall enjoy any Office of Trust or Profit under them, or shall be otherwise interested in the Matter or Matters in question, then to the senior Coroner of the said County; and in case he shall be so interested, then to the next Coroner of such County, in point of Seniority, who shall not be so interested as aforesaid, commanding such Sheriff or Coroner or other Person (and the Sheriff or Coroner or such other Person is hereby empowered and required]) to impannel, summon and return not less than Twenty four, nor more than Forty eight substantial and indifferent Persons, qualified to serve on Special Juries; and the Persons so to be impannelled, summoned, and returned as aforesaid, are hereby required to come and appear before the Justices of the< Peace for the County wherein the Premises shall lie, at some Court of General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden in and for the same County, or at some Adjournment thereof, as in such Warrant shall be directed and appointed, and to attend such Court of General or Quarter Sessions from Day to Day, until discharged by the said Court; and out of such Persons so to be impannelled, summoned and returned, a Jury of Twelve Men shall be drawn by the Clerk of the Peace for the County wherein such Jury shall be returned, or his Deputy, in such manner as Juries for Trials of Issues joined in His Majesty's Courts at Westminster are by Law directed to be drawn; and in case a sufficient Number of Jurymen shall not appear at the time and Place appointed as aforesaid, the said Clerk of the Peace as before mentioned, or his Deputy, shall return other substantial, honest and indifferent Men of the Bystanders, or of others who can be speedily procured to attend that Service, to make up the said Jury to the Number of Twelve 5 and all Parties concerned may have their lawful Challenges against any of the said Jurymen, but shall not challenge the Array; and the said Clerk of the Peace, - or his Deputy, is hereby empowered and required to summon and call before the said Justices any Witnesses touching the Matters in question, and may order and authorize the said Jury, or any Three or more of them, to view the Place or Places, or matters or things in controversy, and such Jury shall upon their Oaths (which Oaths, as well as the Oaths to such Witnesses, the said Justices are hereby empowered and required to administer) inquire of, assess and ascertain, and give a Verdict for the Sum or Sums of Money which shall be paid for the Purchase of such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or Compensation for any Interest therein as aforesaid; and the said Justices shall

S've Judgment for such Purchase Money or Compensation so assessed by such Jury 5 which said Verdict, and e Judgment thereupon, shall be binding and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes upon all Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, and upon all Persons whomsoever, provided that Fourteen Days' Notice in Writing

3 L 2 at

of Lands taken fresh Commons, sufficient.

Satisfaction to be made to Bodies Politic, &c.;

and thereupon Commissionsra to enter. Sec.

If Parties cannot agree, Priee settled by Jury.

If Parties are diffatbfied, or refute, or are unable to treat, Sec. a J ury to be impannelled to decide.

To whom Commissioners to issue Warrant for impannelling Jury.

Persons impen* nelled, to appear, Sic.;

and Jury to be drawn, &c.

Proceedings

thereon.

Clerk of the Peace to summon Witnesses. View.

Verdi £1.

Verdict and Judgment conclusive. Pruviso.

444

If Verdia for more than the offer of Com-Tr)tfik>ners, &c. Expences paid by Coimniflioners;

if for the fame or a left Sum, &c. Expences paid by Body Poliric, Sec.

Exception.

Sheriff, &c. refuting to summon a Jury. Penalty.

Juryman or Witnesses refuting to attend,

Ac.

Penilty.

Verdia* to be recorded at Quarter Sessions.

Copies Evi-< dence. Inspeaion.

Fee.

Power to Coir.-rnifiioners to enter upon and take Possession of Lands, &c. on Payment or Tender cf Pur-xrhafe Monies.

C. 45. 58° GEORGII III. A.U1818.

at the least, of the Hour and Plaqe at which such Jury are so required to be returned, be given to the Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or to the Person or Persons interested or claiming so to be, before the time of the Meeting of the said Justices and Jury as aforesaid, by leaving such Notice at the Dwelling House of such Person or Persons, or of the Head Officer of such Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or with some Tenant or Occupier of the Premises respectively intended to be valued; and in each and every Case where a Verdict shall be given for more Money as a Recompence or Satisfaction for the absolute Sale of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or as a Compensation for any Interest therein as aforesaid, than shall have been previously offered by or on behalf of the said Commissioners before the summoning such Jury, and where no Compensation shall have been previously offered in respect thereof by or on behalf of the said Commissioners, or where, by reason of Absence or other Impediment or Disability, there shall not be found any Person or Persons at hand who may be legally capacitated to contract with and make Conveyances to or receive Compensation from the said Commissioners as hereinbefore mentioned, then and in all such Cases all the reasonable Expences of causing such Value or Compensation to be assessed and awarded as aforesaid shall be settled by the said Justices, and be defrayed by the said Commissioners 5 but if any Verdict shall be given for the same Sum that shall have been previously offered by or on behalf of the said Commissioners, or for a less Sum than shall have been so previously offered, or in case of such Refusal to treat with or make Conveyances to the said Commissioners by any Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or by any Person or Persons whomsoever who is or are by the Provisions of this Act or other wise legally empowered to treat and convey, or receive such Compensation as aforesaid, then and in all such Cases (except where, by reason of Absence or otherwise, any Person shall have been prevented from treating and agreeing as aforesaid, in which Case all such Costs and Expences shall be borne and paid by the said Commissioners), the reasonable Costs and Expences of causing such Value or Compensation to be assessed' and awarded as aforesaid shall be settled in like manner by the said Justices, and be borne and paid by the Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or by the Person or Persons with whom the said Commissioners shall have such Controversies or Disputes; which said Costs and Expences shall and may be deducted out of the Money so assessed and awarded, and the Payment or Tender of the Remainder of such Sum or Sums of Money (halt be deemed and taken to all Intents and Purposes to be Payment or Tender of the whole Sum or Sums so assessed or awarded as aforesaid. 1

XLI. And be it further enacted, That if the Sheriff or other Person so directed to summon and return a Jury as aforesaid, or his Deputy or Agent, shall make Default in the Premises, he shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds; and if any Person so summoned and returned as aforesaid upon such Jury shall not appear, or appearing shall refuse to be sworn or to give his Verdict, or shall in any other manner wilfully neglect his Duty, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; or if any Person so summoned to give Evidence shall not appear, or appearing shall refuse to be examined or give Evidence, every Person so offending (having no reasonable Excuse to be allowed by the said Justices) shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds; which several and respective Penalties shall and may be levied by virtue of any Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any one of the said Justices, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person so offending, rendering to him the Overplus after such Penalty and the Charges of such Distress and Sale shall be deduced 5 and every such Penalty so recovered from any Person who shall have been so summoned on such Jury, or to give Evidence as aforesaid, shall go and be paid to the Party who shall appear to the said Just ice to be injured by the Default of such Person.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That all the said Judgments and Verdicts (being first signed by the Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy present at the taking of such Verdicts and pronouncing of such Judg^ ments respectively) shall be kept by the respective Clerks of the Peace amongst the Records of the Quarter Sessions of the County, as the Case shall require, and shall be deemed to be Records of the said Quarter Sessions to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and the fame or true Copies thereof shall be allowed to be good Evidence, and all Persons shall have Liberty to inspect the fame, paying for such Inspection the Sunt of One Shilling, and to take Copies thereof, paying for every Copy the Sum of Sixpence for every One hundred Words, and so in proportion for any less Number of Words.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That upon Payment or legal Tender of such Sum or Sums of Money as shall have been contrafted or agreed for between the Parties, or determined and adjusted by any Jury or Juries in manner aforesaid, for the Purchase of any such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, to the Proprietor or Proprietors of such Lands and other Hereditaments and Premises, or such other Person or Persons as shall be interested therein, or entitled to receive such Money or Compensation respectively, at any time after the same shall have been so agreed for, determined or awarded, if the Person or Persons so entitled or interested, or any of them, cannot be found, or shall refuse to receive the same, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, or shall refuse to execute a Conveyance or Conveyances of the Premises which shall be required for the Purposes of this Act, then upon Payment of the said Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank of 1England, as hereafter directed and required

!in case the same shall be requisite), for the Use of such Person or Persons so interested or entitled as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners and their Agents, Servants and Workmen, or any other Persons authorized by them in their behalf, immediately to enter upon such Lands, Grounds and other Hereditaments respectively; and the Fee simple and Inheritance thereof, together with the yearly Profits thereof, and all the Estate, Use, Trust and Interest of any Person or Persons therein, shall from thence-; -ith be vested in such Person or Persons in such manner as directed in and by this Act, or as may be

13 ' declared

A.D. 1818.

58° GEORGII III. C. 45.

445

declared in any Sentence of Consecration under the Provisions of this Act, to and for the Purposes of this Act for ever 5 and such Tender, Payment or Investiture shall not only bar all Right, Title, Claim, Interest and Demand of the Person or Persons to whom the same shall or ought to have been made, but also shall extend to and shall be deemed and construed to bar the Dower of the Wife, and of every such Person, and all Estates Tail, and other Estates in Reversion and Remainder of his, her or their I(sue, and of every other Person, and all Incumbrancers whomsoever therein: Provided neve|theless, that before such Payment it shall not be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Person acting under their Authority, to dig into such Lands or Grounds for the Purpose of making any Foundation, or building any Church or Chapel, without Leave of the respective Owners or Occupiers thereof in Writing under their respective Hands.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or for any other Matter, Right or Interest of what Nature or Kiud soever, purchased, taken or used by virtue of the Powers of this Act, for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatic, Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity as hereinbefore mentioned, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Commissioners for building Churches, together with the Name or Names of such Person or Persons as any Three of the Commissioners shall, by Writing signed by them, direct and appoint, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Dsjbt or Det^s, or such other Incumbrance or Part thereof as the said Court shall authorise to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments (landing settled therewith to the fame or the like Uses, Intents or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments^ which shall be conveyed to, for and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents and Purposes, and in the same manner, as the Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, which shall be so purchased, taken or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking EfFe6l; and in the meantime, and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities 5 and in the meantime, and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from time to time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XLV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments purchased, taken or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments so purchased, taken or used, or of his, her or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, and to be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in manner hereinbefore directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Three Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Three or more of the said Commissioners, such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties, in order that such Principal Money and the Dividends arising thereon maybe applied in manner hereinbefore directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

XLVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned, shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the time being have been entitled to Rents aid Profits of the Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments so purchased, taken or used for the Purposes of this Act, as the said Commissioners or any Three or more of them shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, and to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so ordered to be paid as aforesaid, shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises to the Satisfa6lit>n of the said Commissioners or any Five of them, or shall refuse to execute such Conveyance or Conveyances; or in case such Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so ordered to be paid as aforesaid cannot be found; or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, be not known or discovered $ then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the said

Tender end Payment, Btc. to bar*all Rights, Dower, Stc.

Com roifiioners not to dig for Found«*ttun, &c. tiil Payment.

Application of Compensation when it Onll amount to or exceed loot

Order upon Pe-

liiiorr.

When left than aool. and exceeding aol.

When less than % ol

In case of not making out Title,

or if Persons intitled cannot be fpund, Purchase

44^ C. 4.5*

58° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1818.

Money to be paid into the Bank.

subject to the Order of the Court of Chan* eery by Motion or Petition.

CaOuer of the Bank to give a Receipt for such Money.

Where Question touching Title to Money, the Person who shall be in Possession of the Lands, &c. at the time of such Purchase, shall be deemed entitled according to such Possession.

The Court may order reasonable Eapences of Purchases to be paid by the Commissioners.

Mortgagees not in Possession to convey on Tender of Principal and Interest, and Three Months* further Interest, by Commi f-(toners; or on Notice at Two Months.

Proviso where Mortgage Mooey more than the Value of the Premises.

Proviso where Mortgage comprizes Lands other than thoie

said Cornniffiooen or any Fite or mart of them to order the said Sum or Sums so awarded to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments £describing them], subject to the Order, Control and Disposition of the said Court; which said Court, on the Application of any Person or Persons making claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered, in a summary Way of Proceeding ox otherwise, as to the said Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and invested in the Public Funds, or to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title or Interest of the Person or Persons making claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Use the fame is or are received to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

XLVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right or Interest in any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments to be purchased in pursuance thereof, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any fi*ch Money, or to the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have- been in Possession of such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments at the time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under Uie Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lanas, Tenements or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfa^ion of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid and applied and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

XLIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where by reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons or Corporation entitled to any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments to be purchased under the Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the said Court, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses in pursuance thereof respectively, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order the Expences of all Purchases from time to time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the Court shall deem reasonable, together with the necessary Costa and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Commissioners, who shall from time to time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

L. And be it further enacted, Thht all and every Person and Persons, who shall have any Mortgage or Mortgages on any Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments to be taken or used for the Purposes of this Act, not being in Possession thereof by virtue of such Mortgage or Mortgages, shall, on the Tender of the Principal Money and Interest due thereon, together with #the Amount of Three Calendar Months* Interest on the said Principal Money, by the said Commissioners, or by such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, immediately convey, assign and transfer such Mortgage or Mortgages to the said Commissionert, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint; or in case such Mortgagee or Morgagees shall have Notice in Writing from the said Commissioners, or from such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, that they will pay off and discharge the Principal Money and Interest which shall be due on the said Mortgage or Mortgages at the End or Expiration of Two Calendar Months (to be computed from the Day of giving such Notice), that then at the End of the said Two Calendar Months, on Payment of the Principal and Interest so due, such Mortgagee or Mortgagees shall convey, assign and transfer his, her or their Interest in the Premises to the said Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons as shall be appointed in Trust for them; and in case such Mortgagee or Mortgagees shall refuse to convey and assign as aforesaid on such Tender or Payment, that then all Interest on every such Mortgage shall From thenceforth cease and determine: Provided always, that in case the Sum due upon any such Mortgage or Mortgages, with all Interest due thereon, shall amount to more than the real Value of the Premises, to be ascertained as directed by this Act, then the said Commissioners shall not be liable to pay the Mortgagee or Mortgagees more than the real Value of such Premises frt ascertained as aforesaid: Provided also, that in case any such Mortgagee shall neglect or refuse to convey or assign as aforesaid, then upon Payment of the Principal Money and Interest due on any Mortgage as aforesaid into the Bank of England, at the End of Two Calendar Months from the Day of giving such Notice as aforesaid, for the Use of the Mortgagee or Mortgagees, the Caftiier or Cashiers of the Bank shall give a Receipt or Receipts for the said Money in like manner as is hereinbefore directed in Cases of other Payments into the Bank; and thereupon all the Estate, Right, Title, Interest, Use, Trust, Property, Claim and Demand of the said Mortgagee or Mortgagees, and of all and every Person and Persons in Trust for him, her or them, shall vest in the said Commissioners, and they shall be deemed to be in the actual Possession of the Premises comprized in such Mortgage or Mortgages, for the Purposes of this Act, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever: Provided also, that if such Mortgage or Mortgages comprize any other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments than those which shall be so purchased or taken by the said Commissioners, such Mortgagee or Mortgagees shall, upon Payment or Tender of the Sum so ascertained as the Value of the said Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments as aforesaid,

12 forthwith

A.D. 1818. 58° GEORGII III. C. 45.

forthwith convey, assign and transfer his, her or their Interest in such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments to the said Commissioners hereby incorporated, or to such Person or Persons as shall be appointed in Trull for them; and in Default of their doing so, and on Payment of such Money into the Bank of England, for the Use of the Mortgagee or Mortgagees, the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank shall give such Receipt or Receipts as above mentioned, and thereupon all the Estate, Right, Title, Interest, Use, Trust, Property, Claim and Demand of the said Mortgagee or Mortgagees, and of all and every Person and Persons in Trust for them, in the said Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, the Value whereof shall have been so ascertained and paid into the Bank as aforesaid, shall vest in the said Commissioners, and they shall be deemed to' be in the actual Possession of the said Premises to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, and such Sums of Money shall be deducted from the Amount of the Principal and Interest due to such Mortgagee or Mortgagees by virtue of such Mortgage or Mortgages.

LI. And Whereas the said Commissioners may purchase Lands to be made use of for the Purposes of this

A61, and it may happen that no Church or Chapel shall be built thereon, and by reason thereof the fame ' shall not be consecrated and devoted for ever to Ecclesiastical Purposes under this Act, and it may in such

Cafe become necessary to resell the fame* Be it therefore further enabled, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, by Indenture under the Hands and Seals of any Five or more of them, to grant and convey, by way of absolute Sale, for a Consideration in Money, such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or any such Part or Parts thereof as shall not be wanted for the Purposes of this Act; and all such Conveyances from the said Commissioners shall be valid and effectual, any thing in this Act contained, or any other Law, Statute or Custom to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding 5 and upon Payment of the Money which shall arise by Sale or Sales of such Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, it shall and may be lawful for the Secretary for the time being to the said Commissioners to (ign and give Receipts for the Money for which the same shall be sold, which Receipts shall be sufficient Discharges to any Person or Persons for the Purchase Money for which such Lands or Buildings shall be so fold, or for so much thereof as in such Receipts shall be acknowledged or expressed to be received, and such Person or Persons shall not afterwards be answerable or accountable for any Lois, Misapplication or Nonapplication of such Purchase Money or any Part thereof j Provided always, that the said Commissioners, before they shall sell and dispose of such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, shall first offer to resell the same to the Person or Persons from whom they shall have purchased the fame, or would have been then entitled thereto, in case the fame had not been purchased by the said Commissioners, the Price at which the same shall be refold being adjusted and settled by a Jury, in like manner as the Price for any Land to be taken in pursuance of this Act is hereinbefore directed to be settled, in case of Difference or Dispute as to the Value thereof; and if such Person or Persons shall not agree, or shall refuse to repurchase the fame, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons, not interested in the Premises, to make an Affidavit, to be sworn before a Matter Extraordinary of the High Court of Chancery, or before One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County where such Lands shall be situate, dating that such Offer was made by or on behalf of the said Commissioners, and that such Person or Persons did not agree or refuse to purchase such Lands or Buildings, as the Case may be 5 and such Affidavits shall in all Courts be sufficient Evidence and Proof that such Offer was made, and not agreed to, or refused.

LII. And be it further enacted, That in every Case in which any Parish or Extra Parochial Place is or shall be empowered by any Act or Acts of Parliament to build any Church or Chapel, or enlarge any existing Church or Chapel, and also in every Case in which any Parish or Extra Parochial Place shall be desirous of building any Church or Chapel, or enlarging any existing Church or Chapel, and defraying the Expence thereot without any Aid from the Commissioners in that behalf, and are not able to procure a fit and proper Site for such new Church or Chapel, or for the enlarging such existing Church or Chapel, by reason of the Inability of any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies, interested in such Site or any Part thereof, to convey or make a good Title to the fame, freed and discharged from all Incumbrances, or shall be unwilling to treat for the Sale thereof, or cannot agree for such Sale and Purchase, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, if, upon Application made for that Purpose, and upon a Statement of all the Circumstances of the Case, thay shall think it proper and expedient to proceed, under the Provisions of this Act, to procure such Site, and the Expence of procuring such Site shall be chargeable and charged upon the Parish or Extra Parochial Place making such Application, in like manner as in Cases of Money advanced for Sites under this Act $ and all the Powers, Authorities, Provisions and Regulations and Clauses in this Act contained, in relation to procuring Sites for Churches to be built under the Provisions thereof, shall extend and apply to the procuring and taking of such Sites as fully in any respect as if such Churches or Chapels were built under the Provisions of this Act.

LIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall empower the said Commissioners to take any private Dwelling House or Offices, or Garden, Orchard, Yard, Park, Pleasure Ground, Paddock or Planted Walk or Avenue appurtenant thereto, without the Consent of the Owners and Occupiers thereof.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to advance Money to any Parish or Extra Parochial Place to purchase any Site or Sites, in case, from the Amount of the Sum, or the State of the Parish or Extra Parochial Place as to its Population, Parochial Rates and other Circumstances, it may appear to the Commissioners to be proper to make such Advance; and the Commissioners shall in every such Case assign Periods for Repayment of all Money so advanced, by Instalments within Ten Years.

LV. And be it further enacted, That if no Site shall be provided in auy Parish or Extra Parochial Place, and duly notified to the said Commissioners, within Six Months after Notice shall have been given by the said Commissioners that a Site would be required in such Parish or Extra Parochial Place, it shall be lawful

for

447

take* by tbs Commissioner*.

Commissioners empowered to re fell Lands not wanted.

First Offer of Refale to be made to the Persons of whom the Lands were bought.

Allowing Commissioners to procure Sites for Churches for Parishes already empowered, or who are desirous to build, &c. without Aid from the Commissioners.

Commissioners not to take certain Premises without Leave of Owners, &c. Commissioners may advance Money to Parishes to purchase Sites.

If Psrish does not procure a Site, Comroif* sioners may, and

44 C. 45

58° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1818.

charge the Expence upon the Parishf See.

Sums expended in purchasing Sites, or advanced to Parishes by Commissioners, to be charged upon and paid out of the Church Rates,

in what case Rates may be raised by Just ice of Peace in Extra Parochial Places for the Purposea of Act.

Such Rates deemed Church Rates.

Churchwarden?, fee. may borrow Money on Credit of Rates.

And also Money for the Enlargement of existing Churches or Chapels.

Fund for Repayment.

No Application to be made for building, &c. by meaus of Rates, unleltf with Content of Majority of Inhabitants paying Poor Rates; or where there is a Select Veftty, then with Content of not less than Four Fifths of such Vestry; and for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby empowered to purchase a Site, and charge the Expence of such Purchase upon the Rates raised or to be raised under the Provisions of this Act in such Parish or Extra Parochial Place, giving Notice of the Amount, and of the Periods within which the Repayment by Installments will be required.

LVI. And be it farther enacted, That the Church Rates of the Parish shall in all Cases be and be deemed in Law to be the Security for the Repayment of all Money expended by the Parish in providing any Site or Sites, or advanced by the Commissioners to any Parish under the Provisions of this Act, or paid by the Commissioners in Cases of Neglect in providing Sites; and all such Sums of Money so expended or advanced under the Provisions of this Act, in carrying into Execution the Purposes thereof in any Parish, ftvill be and are hereby made chargeable and charged upon such Rates; and the Churchwardens shall in every such Case make, and they are hereby required and empowered to make, proper and sufficient Rates for repaying such Expences and Advances within the Periods or at the times which shall be specified by the Commissioners under the Authority of this Act in that behalf.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That in every Case in which any Sum or Sums of Money shall have been expended in purchasing any Site or Sites for any Church or Churches, or Chapel or Chapels, or advanced by the Commissioners under the Provisions of this Act, for any Extra Parochial Place in which no Church Rates shall be made, raised or collected, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to require any Justice or Justices a ding in or for the Division of the County in which such Extra Parochial Place shall bfe, and ^very such Justice or Justices shall, from time to time as the Case may require, appoint Two or more proper Persons to make, raise, collect and levy Rates for making all such Payments and Repayments as may be required under the Provisions of this Act; and all such Persons so appointed shall have all such and the like Powers and Authorities for making, raising, levying and collecting and enforcing Payment of any such Rates, as any Churchwardens have by Law in that behalf, and are hereby required and empowered to make, raise, levy and collect sufficient Rates for making such Payments and Repayments as aforesaid; and all Sums so expended or advanced shall be charged upon such Rates, and paid thereout at such Times, and in like manner and under the like Provisions, as if such Place had been and was a Parish in which Church Rates were made, levied and .collected by Law; and all such Rates shall be deemed in Law Church Rates for the Purposes of this Act, and made, raised, levied, collected and accounted for as such; and all A&» of Parliament, and Clauses, Provisions, Regulations, Penalties and Forfeitures contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament, and all Powers, Authorities and Laws, Ecclesiastical or others, for the malting, raising, levying, collecting sttid accounting for Church Rates, shall apply and be enforced for the making, raising, levying and collecting such Rates in any such Extra Parochial Place from time to time, when and to often as it shall be or become necessary to make or raise any such Rates for the Purposes of this Act.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Churchwardens of any Parish, or Persons appointed in any Extra Parochial Place, with the Consent in any Parish of the Vestry or Select Vestry, or Persons possessing, under any Act or Acts of Parliament, the Powets of Vestry, and with the Consent in any Extra Parochial Place of the Majority of the Persons who would be entitled to vote in Vestry, if the fame had been a Parish assembled at any Meeting called for that Purpose, with Notice given in the Church or Chapel of the Extra Parochial Place, or in the Church or Chapel nearest adjoining thereto, to borrow any Money upon the Credit of the Rates of the Parish or Extra Parochial Place so to be made as aforesaid; and they are hereby empowered and required, in any Case in which such Money shall have been borrowed, to raise by Rate a Sum sufficient, from time to time, to pay the Interest of the Money so borrowed, and One twentieth Part of the principal Sum borrowed out of the Produce of such Rates, until the whole of the Money so borrowed shall be repaid*

LIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Churchwardens of any Parish* with the Consent of the Vestry or Select Vestry, or Persons posseffing the Powers of Vestry, and with the Consent of the Bishop and Incumbent, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to borrow and raise, upon the Credit of the Rates of any such Parish, such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be necessary for defraying the Expence or any Part of the Expence of enlarging or otherwise extending the Accommodation in the then existing Churches or Chapels of such Parish; and to make Rates for the Payment of the Interest of such Sum or Sums of Money so to be borrowed and raised, and for providing a Fund of not less tha.n the Amount of the Interest upon the Sum advanced for the Repayment of the Principal thereof; or for repaying such Principal in such manner and at such Times and in such Proportions as shall be agreed upon with the Per-fops advancing any such Money: Provided always, that One Half of the additional Accommodation which shall be obtained by any such Expenditure shall be allotted to uninclosed or free Seats.

LX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Application and Offer to build or to enlarge any Church or Chapel, either wholly or in part, by means of any Rates upon any Parish, shall be made, unless the major Part of the Inhabitants and Occupiers assessed to the Relief of the Poor, in Vestry assembled, shall consent thereto, or where any Parish shall be under the Care and Management of any Sele& Vestry, or other Select Body, then with the Consent of not less than Four Fifths of such Select Vestry, by whatever Name the fame may be called, such Consent to be certified to some Justice of the Peace acting for the Division in which such Parish or Extra Parochial Place shall be situated, by One or more of the Overseers of the Poor of the Parish or Place in respect of which the Application shall be made; nor unless Two third Parts in Value of the Proprietors of Messuages, Lands and Tenements within such Parish (whether for Estates of Freehold or Copyhold, or by virtue of Leases for Terms of not less than Fifteen Years absolute. or determinable upon a Life or Lives, ) shall have consented thereto; such Consents to be given by Writing under the Hands of all Persons and Corporations Sole, and the Consent of every Corporation Aggregate, under the Hand of the President, Head or Chief Member thereof for the time being, and the Consents of Femes Covert, Minors, Insane

Persons

A.D. 1818. 58° GEORGII III. C. 45.

Persons and Perfoat out of the Kingdom, by and under the Hands of their respective Hufbsnds, Guardians, Committees, Trustees, Attornies or Agents, who are respectively authorized to give such Consents, and the Consent of the major Part of the Trustees for any charitable or other Purpose, shall be sufficient in respect of the Trust Eft ate.

LXI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Churchwardens of the ParUh or Extra Parochial Place in which any such Church or Chapel shall be built, upon any such Application of the Parisbioner8 or Inhabitants of an Extra Parochial Place as aforesaid, and they are hereby authorized and required, to make Rates for the raising the Portion dated in any such Application to be provided by means of Aates, if the Church or Chapel is proposed to be built partly by Subscription and partly by such Rates; or for raising the Sum necessary for the building any such Church or Chapel, if the whole Expence is proposed to be defrayed by Rates; or to borrow any such Sums upon the Credit of any such Rates $ and in every such Case to make Rates for the Payment of the Interest of any Monies advanced for the building any such Church or Chapel upon the Credit of the Rate, and for providing a Fund of not left than the Amount of the Interest upon the Sum advanced for the Repayment of the Principal thereof, or for repaying such Principal in such manner and at such times and in such Proportions as shall be agreed upon with the Persons advancing any such Money.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby empowered, to build or cause to be built Churches or Chapels, under the Provisions of this Act, upon such Plans as they shall deem most expedient for the affording (it and proper Accommodation for the largest Number of Persons at the least Expence 5 and such Part of every such Church or Chapel as the Commissioners, with the Consent of the Bishop of the Diocese, signified under his Hand and Seal, shall direct, arranged in Pews, to be disposed of and let under the Provisions of this Acts and the Part not so arranged shall remain and be assigned for free Seats, to be used by the Parishioners or Inhabitants of the Parish, Di drift, or Extra Parochial Place in which such Church or Chapel shall be built or acquired, without any Payment whatever.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to make such Orders as they shall deem expedient as to the Amount of Rent to be referred for each Pew or Seat in any such Church or Chapel; and the Produce of such Rents shall form a Fund, out of which Provision shall be made for the Spiritual Person appointed to serve the Church or Chapel, and for a Clerk.

LXI V And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to assign out of Pew Rents a proper Stipend to the .Spiritual Person serving any such Church or Chapel, with Consent of the Bishop of the Diocese, regard being had to the Extent and Population of the District assigned to the Church or Chapel, and the Sum which may probably be necessary to enable such Spiritual Person to procure a Residence in the District, and to all other Circumstances; and the said Commissioners may also assign Salaries to the Clerks of such Churches or Chapels; and if the Commissioners and Bishops do not agree as to the Amount of any such Stipend, such Amount shall be settled by the Archbishop of the Province.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That in any Parish or Extra Parochial Place in which it shall appear to the Bishop of the Diocese that the Churches or Chapels now existing, or which may be built or provided under any of the Provisions of this Act, do not or will not afford sufficient Accommodation for the Parishioners or Inhabitants thereof to attend Divine Service, according to the Rites of the United Church of England and Ireland, and in which such Bishop shall be of opinion that it is expedient that additional Accommodation should be provided for such Purpose, and that such Purpose would be answered by the Celebration, on Sundays, and on the great Feftivals, of a Third or additional Divine Service, being either the Morning or Evening Service of the United Church of England and Ireland, as shall be directed by the Bishop of the Diocese, with a Sermon, in the Churches or Chapels existing at the time of passing this Act, or by the Celebration of a Third or additional Service as aforesaid, with a Third Sermon, in any Church or Chapel which may be built or provided under any of the Provisions of this Act, it shall be lawful for such Bishop to require the Incumbent of every such rariffi, District Parish or Extra Parochial Place, to nominate to him a proper Person to be licensed to serve as a Curate in the existing Church or Chapels, for the Performance of such additional or Third Service with a Sermon, or in any Church or Chapel which may be built or provided as aforesaid, for the Performance of such additional or Third Service with a Third Sermon; and such Incum* bent shall within Six Months after such Requffition nominate such Curate to the Bishop to be licensed, and in default of such Nomination such Bishop is hereby empowered to nominate and license a proper Curate for the Purpose aforesaid; and the said Bishop is hereby empowered to require the Churchwardens of every such Church or Chapel to let for the said additional Service such Proportion of the Pews of such Church or Chapd, not bang a Pew held by Faculty or Prescription, and at such Rates, as in the Opinion of such Bishop shall be sufficient to afford a competent Salary to such Curate, and such Churchwardens are hereby empowered and required so to let the fame, and to raise and levy, in the manner directed by this Act, the Rents from the Persons who may take the Pews, reserving such Number of Sittings as free Seats, as to such Bishop shall appear expedient, not being less than One fourth: Provided always, that if in any Parish, District Parish or Place as aforesaid, any Number of Persons shall represent to such Bishop that they are willing to provide by Subscription such an annual Sum as may be sufficient to afford a competent Salary to a Curate for the Performance of such additional Service with a Sermon, or for the Performance of such additional Service with a Third Sermon 5 and if the Bishop shall be of Opinion that such Mode of providing a Salary for such Curate is more expedient than the raffing of such Salary by Pew Rents, it shall be lawful for such Bishop, and he is hereby empowered, to require the Incumbent of such Church or Chapel to nominate a Curate to him as aforefiria, and in default to appoint a Curate himself: Provided always, that such Curate so nominated and licensed for the Performance of such Third Service as aforesaid shall be subject to all Juris* 58 Geo. III. 3 M diction

449

also with Consent of Two third* in Value of the Proprietor* of Lands, Sec.

Churchwardens of Parish where Church, &c. built may nife Rate* for the Purpose.

Commissioners may build Churches upon such Plans as they shall think most convenient. Consent of Bishop.

Commissioners may settle Amount of Rents of Pews; Application of Produce. Commissioners to assign Stipends to Clergymen out of Pew Rents; by whom Differences between Commissioners and Bishop at to Stipends decided. Bishops may direct the Performance of a Third Service, with a Sermop, under certain Circumstances.

Projiortion of Pews to be let for such Third Service.

Proviso for offer of Parishioners to provide for the fame by Subscription.

Curates for such Third Service

45o

subject as Stipen diary Curates.

Subscribers intitled to Pews.

Proviso where Subscription do not produce Sufficient Salary for Curate.

Amount of Salary.

Patronaee of District Churches to be in Patron of Parish Church.

In what case Nomination of Minister of Chapel in In- cumbent Proviso for Rights of Brazen Nose College to present Clerks to Churches within the Parish of Stepney.

Repairs of Dif-trl& Churches to be made by Rates upon the District.

Di ft rift to remain liable for Repairs of Parish Church for ao Years.

Deeds, &c. for Clergymen's Salaries to be enrolled. Appointment of Churchwardens.

To be admitted and sworn; their Duty,

and Power.

How to sue.

C. 45. 58° GEORGII III. A.D. 1818.

diction, Laws, Statutes and Provisions to which Stipendiary Curates are subject, except To far as relates to the Amount of Salary, and the Mode of raising and paying the fame, which mail be regulated according to the Provisions of this Act.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That in case of such Provision for the Performance of an additional or Third Service being made by Subscription, that every Person so subscribing, being a Parishioner, shall have the Option of any Pew in such Church or Chapel, not being a Pew held by Faculty or Prescription, for the time of such additional Service and Sermon, according to the Amount of his or their respective Subscriptions; or, in case of Equality of the Sums subscribed, according to the Date of his or their Subscriptions; and shall continue to hold such Pew so long as he or they shall pay such Subscription, and no longer: Provided also, that if at any future time the whole Amount of such Subscription shall fail to produce such a Sum as shall be deemed by such Bishop a competent Salary for such Curate, such Bishop shall and may in such case authorize and require the Churchwardens to raise, by letting a Proportion of the Pews as aforesaid, such Sum or further Sums as may be sufficient for making up the said Salary: Provided always, that the Salary to be given to such Curate for the Performance of the said additional Service with Sermon shall in no Case, except when raised entirely by Subscription, exceed the Sum of Eighty Pounds per Annum.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That the Nomination or Appointment of the Spiritual Person to serve all such District Churches and Chapels shall belong to the Patron of the Church of the Parish or Extra Parochial Place out of which such District shall be taken; and the Spiritual Person so presented aid instituted or licensed (as the Case may be) by the Bishop of the Diocese shall be subject to the fame Jurisdiction and Visitation as the Incumbent of the Parish now is.

LXVIII. Provided always, That in any Case in which any Chapel shall he built, either wholly or in part, by means of any Rates to be raised in any Parish, the first and subsequent Nominations of the Minister of the Chapel shall be in the Incumbent of the Church of the Parish or Extra Parochial Place in which such Chapel shall be built.

LXIX. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to or affect the Right of the Principal and Scholars of the King's Hall and College of Bra % en Nose in the University of Oxford\ and their Successors, to nominate and present from time to time fit Clerks to officiate in all Churches or Chapels built or to be built within the Parish of Stebbunheath, otherwise called Stepney# in the County of Middlesex; which Right was and is secured and confirmed to the said Principal and Scholars, and their Successors, by several Acts of Parliament made in the Ninth and Twelfth Years of the Reign of Her late Majesty

Sueen Anne; but that the said Right shall continue and remain to them in respect of all Churches or Chapels at may by virtue of this Act be built or constituted within the said Parish, or within any Portion, Division or District thereof, or which by virtue of this Act may be separated therefrom; any thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXX. And be it further enacted, That the Repairs of all such District Churches or Chapels shall be made by the Districts to which they respectively belong, by Rates to be raised within the District, in like manner as in case of Repairs of Churches by Parishes; and every such District shall be deemed in Law a separate and distinct Parish for that Purpose; and the Repairs of all Chapels not made District Churches shall be made by the Parish in or for which the Chapels shall be built.

LXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every such District shall remain nevertheless subject for Twenty Years, to be accounted from the Day upon which the District Church or Chapel shall be consecrated, to the Repair of the original Parish Church, and be deemed Part of the original Parish for all Purposes of such Repairs, and the making and levying of Rates for that Purpose; and from and after the Expiration of such Twenty Years, the Parish Church shall be repaired by the District of the Parish left as belonging to it after the other Divisions of Districts are made; and each District shall for ever thereafter make, raiie, levy, collect and apply separate and distinct Rates for Repairs of the Church or Churches or Chapels of the District, as if a separate Parish.

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That every Deed, Grant or Endowment for securing a Provision or Salary to the Spiritual Person serving any Church or Chapel under this Act, shall be enrolled in the Court of Chancery, and registered in the Registry of the Diocese.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That Two fit and proper Persons shall be appointed to act as Churchwardens for every Church' or Chapel built or appropriated under the Provisions of this Act, at the usual Period of appointing Parish Officers in every Year, and shall be chosen, One by the Incumbent of the Church or Chapel for the time being, and the other by the Inhabitant Householders entitled to vote in the Election of Churchwardens residing in the District to which the Church or Chapel shall belong, and of any Extra Parochial Place by such Inhabitant Householders as would be entitled to vote in the Election of Churchwardens if such Extra Parochial Place had been a Parish; and the Two Persons, when so elected Churchwardens, shall appear and be admitted and sworn according to Law, and shall collect and receive the Rents of the Seats and Pews, and pay the Stipends or Salaries appointed by the Commissioners to be paid to the Minister and Clerk of and belonging to the Church or Chapel for the time being, and also shall do, perform and execute all lawful Acts, matters and things necessary and requisite for and concerning the Repairs, Management, good Order and Decency of Behaviour to be kept and observed in the Church or Chapel by the Congregation thereof; and the Persons so to be appointed or chosen Churchwardens shall continue jn their said Office until others shall be chosen in like manner in their Stead; and all the Persons so chosen Churchwardens are hereby authorized and empowered, in case of Non Payment of the Rents of the Seats and Pews of the Church or Chapel for which they shall be appointed, to enter upon and sell the same, or else to sue for and recover the fame by Action or Actions for such Rents, in the Names of " The

12 Church-

45i

A.D. 1818. 58° GEORGII III. c. 45.

Churchwardens of the Church or Chapel of" [describing the fame], as the Case shall or may require, without specifying the Christian or Surnames of such Churchwardens; and no such Action shall abate by reason of the Death or Removal or going out of Office of any such Churchwarden.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Churchwardens of every Parish in which any additional Churchwardans Chapel shall be built or provided under any of the Provisions of this Act, without making any Division toaftin Pwiflie* thereof into separate Parishes or District Parishes, shall be and are hereby authorized and required to execute cha^l^ftaU b« and do all such things as the Churchwardens to be appointed under the Provisions of this Act are authorized built*and required to do.

LXXV. And be it further enacted, That before the Consecration of any Church or Chapel under the Pawatobepro-Provisions of this Act, a Seat or Pew sufficient to hold Six Persons at lead shall be let apart in the Body or vi<led for Ground Floor of the Church or Chapel, and contiguous or near to the Pulpit, for the Use of the Minister of *Seat* for the Church or Chapel for the time being, and his Family; and other Seats in some other convenient Part of p^r Personi.* the Church or Chapel, not among the Free Seats, capable of containing not less than Four Persons, shall also in like manner be set apart for the Use of the Minister's Servants 5 and that Pews, Sittings, or Benches in every such Church or Chapel, to be marked with the Words M Free Seats, " amounting in the whole to not less than One fifth Part of the whole of the Sittings in every such Church or Chapel which shall be built, either wholly or in part, out of any Rates, or with any Money raised upon the Credit of any Rates of the Parish or Extra Parochial Place, shall also be appropriated and set apart for the Use of poor Persons resorting thereto No Rent, &c. on for ever; upon which Pews so to be set apart for the Minister, his Family and Servants, and the Pews, Sittings the Pews of or Benches so appropriated for the Use of the Poor, no Rent or Assessment whatever shall at any time be M, ni^eTJ1Kl charged or imposed. poor Perfow.

LXXVI. And be it further enacted, That all Subscribers being Parishioners to any Church or Chapel Subscribers to built under the Authority of this Act shall have Choice of Pews at the Rates fixed by the Commissioners under have Choice of the Provisions of this Act, in the Order of their Amount of Subscription; and as to Subscribers of the fame Pew*

Amount in the Order of their Subscription.

LXXVII. And be it further enacted, That all the Pews or Seats in every such Church or Chapel, save How Pews let to and except the Pews and Seats particularly set down as Free feats, ) shall for ever be charged and chargeable pde^heSum with the several and respective yearly Rents or Sums set opposite to the Figures or Numbers marked upon jvftnjfteri»°saia-each of the said Pews or Seats, as they shall be particularly numbered and set down in a List or Schedule to be rjes> &c ar0 to made and signed by the Commissioners, and annexed to the Deed of Consecration of every such Church or be charged. Chapel; ana which said respective yearly Rents or Sumo shall be paid by the Possessors and Occupiers of the Pews or Seats to the Persons who shall from time to time be appointed the Churchwardens of the said Church or Chapel, by Two equal Half Yearly Payments in each Year, namely, on the Monday next after the Nativity of our Saviour Chrijft, and the Nativity of Saint John the Baptist, in the Vestry Room of the Church or Chapel, between the Hours of Nine in the Forenoon and Four in the Afternoon.

LXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Churchwardens of Churchwardens any such Church or Chapel, at any time thereafter, with the Consent in Writing of the Incumbent, and of the Patron of the Church or Chapel respectively for the time being, and of the Bishop of the Diocese, to alter any such yearly Rent or Sums 5 and in any such case a new Lift or Schedule of Rents or Sums, and the Pews Bishop alter or Seats upon which the same are respectively charged, shall be signed by the Churchwardens, Incumbent, Pew Renta. Patron and Bishop respectively, and shall be deposited with the Deed of Consecration of the Church or Chapel.

LXXIX. And be it further enacted, That every Person or Persons possessed of a Seat or Pew in every such the Reco-Church or Chapel, shall pay the Rents charged thereon as aforesaid at Two equal Half Yearly Payments, to very of Pew wit, on the Monday next after the Nativity of our Saviour Christ, and the Nativity of Saint John the Battift, Rents Half'in every Year; and in case the Rent of any such Pew or Seat or any Part thereof shall happen to be behina and Yeari7* unpaid by the Space of Three Months next after the same shall become due, and Notice m Writing demanding Payment thereof shall have been given to the Owner or Occupier of such Seat or Pew, then the said Church- Proceedings for wardens for the time being of the Church or Chapel shall and may either enter upon and hold such Seat or Rent of Pews in Pew, or let the same to any other Person or Persons, in such manner as such Churchwardens shall think Arre#r* proper, until the Rent so in Arrear, and all Costs and Charges which shall have been occasioned by the Nonpayment or in the Recovery thereof, shall be duly paid and satisfied; or otherwise to sell the same Pews or Seats respectively by Public Auction to the best Bidder, and out of the Money thence arising pay and satisfy the said >Rent in Arrear, rendering the Overplus (if any), after deducting all reasonable Costs and Charges occasioned by or in consequence of such Rent being in Arrear and in the Recovery thereof, to the Owner or Occupier of such Pews or Seats respectively (as the case may be) 5 or the said Churchwardens, at their Discretion, may sue for and recover the said Rent lo in Arrear by Action of Debt or upon the case, for the Use and Occupation of such Pew or Seat, to be brought against the Owner or Owners, or any Occupier or Occupiers thereof, in the Name of "The Churchwardens of the Church or Chapel of" [describing the Church or Chapel] 5 and no such Action or Suit shall abate by reason of the Death, Removal or going out of Office of any Churchwarden.

LXXX. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful to break up the Pavement, or to open the No Opening to Soil beneath the fame, within any Church or Chapel to be erected under the Provisions of this Act, for the be made in any Purposes of Burial, or to make any Grave in any Cemetery or Churchyard thereunto adjacent or belonging, Church or at any less Distance than Twenty Feet from the External Walls of such Church or Chapel respectively:

Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be cortftrued to extend to prevent the Burial Burial*or°Grav« of Dead Bodies in any Vault wholly arched with Brick or Stone, which may have been constructed for such' made in any Purposes under any Church or Chapel, and to Which the only Access shall be by Steps on the Outside of Churchyard at a

3 M a the

452

lets Distance than ao Feet from external Walls of the Church.

Proviso for Burials in Vaults. Penalty 50l.

Accounts to he annually laid before Parliament.

Commissioners may receive and fend Letters duly directed free of Pottage.

Limitation of A6Hons for executing Act, and where to be brought} &c.

[General Issue.]

[Treble Costs.]

Proviso for Powers of Bishop>&c.

and for Exercise of Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction.

Act may be altered, &c. IB this Session.

C. 45, 46. 58° GEORGII III. A.D. 1818.

the external Walls thereof; and if any Burial shall take place, or any Grave be made, otherwise than if hextin provided, the Person or Persons ordering or causing the same to be made shall for every such Offence, on Conviction thereof before any Two of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County or Place, forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds, and in default of Payment thereof the same shall and may be levied and recovered, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justices, by Distrefa and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Offender or Offenders, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owner thereof; of which Penalty one Moiety shall be given to the Informer, and the other Moiety to the Use of the Poor of the Parish.

LXXXI. And be it further enacted, That Accounts shall annually be laid before both Houses of Parliament, of the Progress made by the said Commissioners in Execution of the Purposes of this A A, dating the Number of Churches or Chapels built or building, the Stipends assigned to the Incumbents or Curates thereof, the Money expended, and for what Purposes, and all such other Particulars as shall be necessary for explaining the Progress made in carrying the Purposes of this Act into Execution.

LXXXII. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners for the Execution of this Act shall and may receive and fend all Letters and Packets relating to the Execution of the Powers of this Act, free from the Duty of Podage, provided that such Letters and Packets shall be directed to " His Majesty's Commis-" doners appointed under the Act for the building and promoting the building of additional Churphesand that all such Letters and Packets as shall be sent by the said Commissioners shall be dated from their said Office, and shall be signed on the Outdde of such Letters and Packets by such Person as the said Commissioners for the Execution of this Act shall appoint, with the Consent of the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, under such Redridions and Regulations as the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury shall think proper and direct.

LXXXIII. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done by virtue of or in pursuance of this Act, until Fourteen Days' Notice thereof in Writing shall nave been given to the Secretary for the time being of the said Commissioners, nor after a sufficient Satisfaction or a Tender thereof hath been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, nor after Six Calendar Months next after the Fad committed; and such Action shall be brought in the said Court of Exchequer in England, and shall be laid in the County of Middlesex, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if the same shall appear to be so done, or if such Action or Suit shall be brought after the time hereinbefore limited for bringing the same, or shall be brought without Fouteen Days' Notice thereof, or shall be brought in any other County or Place, or after a sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, that then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or suffer a Discontinuance of his, her or their Action or Actions, or if a Verdict shall paf» against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and shall have such Remedy for recovering the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Costs of Suit in any other Cases by Law.

LXXXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared, That neither this Act, nor any thing herein contained, shall extend to invalidate or avoid any Ecclesiastical Law or Constitution of the Church of England, or to destroy any of the Rights or Powers belonging to any Bishop of any Diocese, or any Archdeacon, Chancellor or (Dfficial.

LXXXV. And be it further enacted and declared, That he and they respectively may at all times hereafter visit, institute and exercise Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction in all the Parishes to be eroded or divided by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, or in any Part or Place within the same, as amply as they or any of them may do now therein, and in such manner as in any other Parishes or Places within his or their Diocese or Jurisdiction respectively.

LXXXVI. And be it further enacted, That this Act or any of the Provisions thereof may be amended* altered or repealed by any Act or Acts to be paffbd in this present Session of Parliament.

CAP. XLVI.

An Act for Relief of Persons entitled to Entailed Estates, to be purchased with Trull Monies, in "that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland.

[30th May 1818.]

WHEREAS by the Practice of Courts of Equity in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland»

VY in Cases in which Money under the Contrpul of such Courts is fubied to be laid out in the Purchase of Lands to be limited to Uies capable of being barred by Fine, the said Coarts direct such Money to be paid to the Party or Parties who could by Fine bar the Uses to which such Lands, in case the lame

had been purchased, would have been limited, and do not require or compel the actual Investment of such

Monies in the Purchase of Lands, notwithstanding other Persons might take Estates or Interests therein if

the fame were purchased, and be entitled to hold such Estates or Interests until such Fine was actually

levied: And whereas nevertheless, where Money under the Controul of the said Courts is subject to be

invested in the Purchase of Lands to be limited to Uses not capable of being barred by Fine, but capable ' of being barred by Recovery* tte said Courts, according to the Practice thereof, refuse to direct the fame ' to be paid to the Party or Parties who, in case such Lands had been purchased, could by Recovery

have barred afi the Uses to which the fame would have been limited* and require and compel the actual Investment of such Monies in a Purchase or Purchases of some Lands j and such lait mentioned Practice

' is

453

A.D. 1818. 58° GEORGII III. C. 46, 47.

is attended with great Inconvenience and Expence to the Party or Parties who by a Recovery could

bar the Uses to which such Lands are to be limited when purchased, and the Interest and Benefit of others, who might take Estates barrable by such Recovery when suffered, is not according to such last ' mentioned Practice materially promoted or secured, and it may therefore be expedient to alter such Practice: And whereas it may also be expedient to provide some satisfactory and summary Proceeding,

whereby Trustees possessed of Money fubie& to be laid out in Lands may be required in proper Cases

ta pay such Money to the Parties entitled, and under this Act to become entitled, to receive the same:

Be it therefore eua&ed by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, in all Cases where Money under the where Monies Controul of any Court of Equity, or of or to which any Individuals as Trustees are possessed or entitled, are under the in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, dull be subject to be invested in the Purchase of Free- Comroul of hold or Copyhold Hereditaments, or both, to be settled upon any Person or Persons in such manner that

it would be competent, in case such Money had been invested in the Purchase of Real Estates, for the teessubjea to Person or Persons who would be the Tenant or Tenants of the first Estate or Estates Tail therein, either be invested in alone or together with the Person or Persons who would be the Owner or Owners of the particular preceding EfUtea settled so Estate or Estates therein, if any, by Deed, Fine or Common Recovery, or any of them, or other lawful Act, " in the case of Freehold Hereditaments, or by Surrender and Recovery, or either of them, or other lawful

Act, in the case of Copyhold Hereditaments, to bar the first Estate or Estates Tail, and the Rights and In- barred, it shall terefts of all Persons in Remainder, it shall not be necessary to have such Money actually invested in Lands or not be'nsceflkry Hereditaments, in order that such Estates Tail and Remainders over may be so barred; but that it shall and to have such may be lawful to and for the High Court of Chancery, or such Court of Equity, under the Controul of which .Mo^ such Money shall be, in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, and in the Case of Trustees, to and courtmay upon for the said High Court of Chancery, in a Summary Way, upon Petition of the Person or Persons who would Petition orderit be Tenant or Tenants of the first Estate or first Estates Tail, and of the Person or Persons who would be the to be paid to Owner or Owners of the antecedent particular Estate or Estates (if any) in the Lands and Hereditaments, Persons who in case the fame were purchased, such Petitioners being Adults, and in case where any of the Parties are or W0ljJdhewukkd is Femes Covert or a Feme Covert, they or (he being first separately examined in Court, or upon a Commis- re£* (ion, and consenting, to order the Monies subjected to such Trusts to be paid to the Petitioners, or any of tioned. them, or to be paid and applied in such manner and for such Purposes as the Petitioners shall appoint and the Court shall approve of.

II. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where Money subjected to be laid out in the Purchase of Securities coo-Hereditaments to be settled as aforesaid shall happen to be invested in Government or Real or other Securities, ^er#da*, all such Securities shall for the Purposes of this Act be considered as Money, and shall and may accordingly betr^enrtdT^ be transferred, assigned and disposed of under an Order of the respective Courts aforesaid, made in a summary &c. under in Way upon the Petition of such Persons, and with such Examination and Consent where necessary as afore- Order of the re-said, in such and the same manner as Monies subjected to be laid out in the Purchase of Hereditaments to be spe&hre Courts, settled as aforesaid are hereinbefore authorized to be paid, applied and disposed of.

CAP. XLVII.

An Act to establish Fever Hospitals, and to make other Regulations for Relief of the suffering Poor,

and for preventing the Increase of Infe61ious Fevers in Ireland.

[30th May 1818.]

WHEREAS Fevers of an infe6tious Nature have for some time past greatly prevailed among the Poor 4 W in several Parts of Ireland, whereby the Health and Prosperity of the whole Country have been confidently endangered; and it is expedient that Hospitals should be established for the Relief of Sufferers in such Cales, and that Regulations mould be made to prevent, as affe&ually as possible, the Increase of Infection, as well at present as on future Occasions; and such good Purposes are most likely to be promoted by creating Corporations in every County at large, and every County of a City or County of a Town in Ireland, who may execute the Powers and Trusts herein after particularly expressed* Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual

and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That A Corporation from and after the passing of this Act there shall be, and One Body Politic and Corporate is hereby created and JJ* " cvtry* erected in every County, and in every County of a City, and in every County of a Town in Ireland; which county'or* City shall consist, in every such County, of the Archbishop or Bishop whole Diocese or any Part of whose Diocese or Town in \tt-shall extend into such County, of the Representatives m Parliament for such County, of all the Justices of the land, for the Peace commissioned and acting as such in such County; and in every County of a City or County of a Town, Establishment of such Corporation shall consist also of the Chief Magistrate, Sheriffs and Recorder of such County of a City or Town, likewise of the Representative or Representatives in Parliament (if any), and of the Justices of the Peace for such County of a City or Town, all for the time being, and also of such Persons as are herein after mentioned; which Corporation shall be called by the Name of The President and Assistants of the Fever Hospital for [ applying to every of them the Name

of its proper County, City or Town; and all the said Corporations shall have perpetual Duration and Succefnon, and may sue and be sued in all Courts of Justice by those Names respectively, and shall have a Common Seal, and shall meet at and adjourn to such times and Places within their Counties, Cities or Towns respectively, as they shall think fit; (ave only that the said Corporations shall meet, and they are hereby required jrespectively to meet, for the First time, for the County of the City of UuHm9 on the First Day of

July

45+

Chairman

appointed.

Meetings how to be assembled.

Contributors to be Members of the Corporation, who map make Bpe Laws; and appoint Committees; m*jr take by Purchase, &c. Lends not above 500l. yearly;

and Personal Property and Leafet for Years, not exceeding ax, of Lands or Houses. Corporation empowered to take over and above the aforesaid Property Four Roods of Land for Sites of Houses*

Bishops may grant such Land out of their Sees.

1

notwithstanding xo & xi Car. 1. c. 3. (I.) or any other Law.

C. 47. 58° GEORGII III. A.D. 1818.

July next after the passing of this Adk, at the Sessions House of the said City, and for the several other Counties, Cities and Towns in Ireland, on the Day (or, at their Election, on the Day next after the Day) when the Judges who shall hold the Summer Assizes next after the passing of this Act, in and for the several Counties, or either of such Judges, shall depart from the Town or Place where the Affixes shall be held, at the Hall or Session House respectively where the Judges shall have fat for the Business of the Assizes; and at the First and every future Meeting of the said Corporations respectively, the Archbishop or Bishop, if present when the said Corporations or Quorums of them respectively shall assemble, shall take the Chair, shall put every Question, declare the Majority of Votes, and do all the Duties of President or Head of the Corporation for that Meeting; but if the Archbishop or Bishop shall not be present when the said Corporations respectively shall first assemble, the Repreferrtative in Parliament for that County, County of a City or County of a Town, who shall first come on that Day to the Place of Meeting, if both shall attend, and if not, the feepre-fentative in Parliament for that County, County of a City or County of a Town, who shall be present when the said Corporations or Quorums of them respectively shall assemble 5 and if the Archbishop or Bishop, or the Representatives for such Counties, Cities or Towns respectively, or either of them, shall not attend in every County of a City and County of a Town, the Chief Magistrate, or in his Default, and in every County at large, the oldest Justice of the Peace who shall be present when the said Corporations respectively or Quorums of them shall first assemble, shall take the Chair, and do all the Duties of President or Head of the Corporation for that Meeting; and the said Corporations respectively shall be considered as assembled for the Purpose of determining who shall be the President of that Day, whenever Five shall have come to the Place of Meeting at the time appointed for the First Meeting of the said Corporations respectively 5 and at all subsequent times after, whenever Five of the said Corporations shall have come to the Place of the Meeting at the respective times to be appointed for such Meetings 5 and every Person qualified, or capable as aforesaid of presiding at the Meetings of the said Corporations may, at all times after the aforesaid First time appointed for the Meeting of the said Corporations, by Notice in Writing signed by him, to be polled at the proper Assizes Town, or at the Sessions House in the City of Dublin, Six Days at the lead before the time of Meeting, exclusive of the Day of polling such Notice and the Day of Meeting, convene the said Corporation* respectively to do all corporate Acts, but no Second Notice signed by a different Person shall supersede a former; of which Corporations respectively Five shall always be a competent Number to do all corporate Acts; and the said Corporations are hereby respectively authorized and empowered to elect, during good Behaviour, such other Persons, redding within their Counties, Cities or Towns respectively, as they shall think fit; and those also who shall contribute any Sum not less than Twenty Pounds, or who shall subscribe and pay any annual Sum not less than One Guinea, to be applied to the charitable Purposes of this Act, to be Members of the said Corporations respectively; and it shall be lawful for thfe said Corporations respectively, and they are hereby authorized, to make Bye Laws reasonable and consonant to the Laws of the Land, and to appoint (landing Committees for the Purposes of this Act, to meet and act at certain Place or Places to be appointed in each County, City or Town; and it shall and may be lawful for the said Corporations, and each of them respectively, and they are hereby authorized, empowered and qualified, to accept or take by Purchase, or by voluntary Grant, or by Devise, any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments of Inheritance or for Lives, not exceeding to any one of the said Corporations the clear yearly Value of Five hundred Pounds, any Law to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding; hut the Corporation of any of the said Counties, Cities or Towns, shall at no time have a Capacity to take Lands of Inheritance or for Lives, of a greater Value than as aforesaid, except in the Case of Eviction or Determination of Interest, in which Case the said Corporations respectively may make such new Acquisition as aforesaid, not exceeding the clear annual Value aforesaid; and it shall be lawful for the said Corporations, and they are respectively hereby authorized, empowered and qualified, to take all such Donations in Personal Property as shall be made to them, and to accept of all Leases for Years of Houses or Lands, so as no such Lease shall exceed Twenty one Years; but every Lease for Years of Lands or of a House to be made to any of the said Corporations, exceeding that Term, shall be void, except as herein after excepted.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Corporations respectively, to take, over and above the Five hundred Pounds a Year, and Leases for Years, which they are authorized to acquire as aforesaid, and such Corporations respectively are hereby declared to be capable and qualified to take, by Grant or by Devise, any Quantity of Ground or Land within their Counties, Cities and Towns respectively, not exceeding Four Roods, Plantation Measure, for the Sites of Houses to be built, and Accommodations to be provided, for the Reception of the helpless Poor intended to be relieved under the Provisions of this Act5 and also, that it shall and may be lawful for every Archbishop and Bishop in Ireland\ and they are hereby respectively authorized and empowered, to grant any such Portions of Ground or Land as aforesaid, out or the Estates of their Sees respectively, to the said Corporations respectively, for the Sites of such Houses as aforesaid, for such Estate or Estates, either in Fee, for Lives renewable or not renewable, or for Years, as they shall think fit, at such Rent and Fines as such Archbishop or Bishop shall think fit, or without any Rent or Fine if such Archbishop or Bishop shall think fit 5 and that every such Grant and Lease shall be good and valid against such Archbishop and Bishop, and their Successort respectively, without the Concurrence of any other Person or Body of Men; any thing in an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Tenth and Eleventh Years of the Reign of the late King Charles the First, intituled An Act for the Preservation of the Inheritance, Rights and Profits of Lands belonging to the Church and Persons Ecclesiastical^ or any other Law or Usage in force in Ireland, to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding

A.D. 1818. 58 GEORGII III. C. 47. 455

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Corporation*, and they are Fever Hospiuli hereby authorized, empowered and required, to build or hire Houses for Hospitals in the several Counties, built for the Counties of Cities and Counties of Towns, to be called " Fever Hospitals for the Relief of the Poor P°°r when being ill of Fevers, " as soon as such Corporations shall be possessed of Funds sufficient for those Purposes, u9u c, enC, as plain, at durable and at as moderate Expence as may be; and that all such Hospitals be divided into Two Parts, of which one Part shall be allotted for such poor helpless Men as shall be judged worthy of Admission, and the other Part for the Reception of such poor helpless Women as shall be judged worthy of Admission, and to furnish the said Hospitals, and to admit into the fame from time to time so many sick and helpless poor Patients as the Funds of such Corporation shall admit of; and the said Corporations Corporations to respectively are hereby authorized and required to make Bye Laws and Orders for the Admission and Dif- ake Bye Laws

charge of all such Patients, and for the Government of every such Hospital, and to appoint Mailers, tnd 9*5? L

Physicians, Surgeons, Apothecaries, Nurses and other fit Persons and Servants, to govern and take care of Servant*

such Hospitals and the Patients therein, at reasonable and moderate Salaries, Allowances and Wages; and ani Treasurer*.*the said Corporations respectively are also hereby authorized to appoint Treasurers without any Salary, to receive such Donations and Rents as they shall respectively acquire or become entitled to; and the said Corporations are hereby authorized and required to expend all such Donations and Rents in and for the charitable Purposes required by this Act, and for the Cure and Relief of such Patients, with the greatest Care and Economy, upon Pain and Peril that for any Embezzlement or Misapplication of or Partiality in the Disposal of any Part of the Revenue or Property of the said Corporations respectively, which any Individuals of such Corporations shall be respectively guilty of or concur in, every such Individual shall be personally answerable by Suit or Information in the Name of The King's Attorney General, on the Relation proceeding* by of any Person or Persons, either in the Court of Chancery or Court of Exchequer in Ireland; and the said Information. Courts shall and are hereby required to hear and determine every such Suit or Information, and to award Coils therein against the Defendants, if found culpable as aforesaid 5 and in every such Suit a Relator of Property and Reputation shall be named, against whom Cods shall be awarded to the Defendant or Defendants, if the Suit, Information or Complaint shall appear to be groundless.

IV. And Whereas by an Act made in the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for ereQing andefidblishing Public Infirmaries or Hospitals in this Kingdom*c hi

certain Provisions were made for enabling the Grand Jury to present certain Sums to be raised on Counties, f0 far aireiates*

for the Promotion of local Dispensaries, in manner in the said Act mentioned Be it enacted, That from to local Difpei> and after the Fird Day of September next, so much of the said recited Act as relates to such local faries repealed. Dispensaries shall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

V. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this A A, whenever it shall appear to the por establishing

Grand Jury of any County, or County of a City or County of a Town, that there has been actually Dispensaries in received from private Subscriptions or Donations any Sum or Sums of Money, since the preceding Assizes, Cities and for the Purpose of edablifiiing or supporting a Dispensary for furnishing Medicine and affording medical or T°*ni> Grand surgical Aid to the Poor of any City, Town or Place within such County, it shall be lawful for such prc'

Grand Jury to present, to be raised of such County, or County of a City or County of a Town, and to equal to the*be paid to the Treasurer of such Dispensary, a Sum equal in Amount to the Sum or Sums so received by Amount of Sub-such Treasurer, to be applied under the Direction of the Subscriber9, of any annual Sum of not less than feription* and One Guinea, or such Committee of them, not fewer in Number than Five, as they shall appoint for that pr»vateDon»-Purpose at any General Meeting of such Subscribers, together with the Monies so received by private Sub- p feription or Donation, in providing Medicines and medical and surgical Aid for the Poor of such Place and

its Neighbourhood; Provided always, that in all Cases where such Dispensary shall have been actually When Difpen-established, and any Money shall have been raised by Presentment granted for the Use of such Dispensary, previous to such Assizes, such Treasurer shall lay before such Grand Jury an Account of all Receipts and produced*Disbursements up to the Fird of January or Fird of July (as the Case may be) immediately preceding such Grand Jury Ac-Assizes; and such Treasurer shall also annex to such Account a Statement of all further Sums of Money counts of Re-which he shall have actually received from private Subscriptions or Donations for the Support of such Dii- ce, Pts and penfary for the ensuing Year; and the said Account and Statement shall be verified on the Oath of such Sum^ecrived Treasurer, and shall be deemed sufficient Documents whereon to ground such Presentment 5 and in all Cases by Subscription where no Sum of Money shall have been granted as aforesaid previous to such Assizes, such Statement alone or Donation* ve-so verified shall be deemed a sufficient Document whereon to ground such Presentment, and in either Case rified on Oath, the Sum or Sums so dated to have been received shall form the Fird Item to the Debit of such Treasurer in his Account for the succeeding Year, or such Treasurer shall Once in every Year lay before such Grand Jury an Account so verified 01 the Receipts and Disbursements of all Sums received by him, either from private Subscription or Donation, or from Presentment as aforesaid, for the Use of such Dispensary.

VI. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall subscribe and pay towards the Establishment or Subscribers of

Maintenance of any such Dispensary any Sum not less than One Guinea, shall be a Member of the Edabliffi- One Guinea for ment of such local Dispensary of such County of a City or County of a Town for One Year from the Date Dispensary may of the Payment thereof, for the Management and Direction of such Dispensary. bers* Mem'

VII. And be it further enacted, That whenever it shall be made appear, by Statement on Oath, to the ers'

Grand Jury of any County or County of a City or Town, that there has been actually received from private 1St^iTnot Subscriptions or Donations any Sum or Sums of Money for the Pupose of ere Aing or hiring any House to exceeding Double be applied to the Reception of Fever Patients, and either attached to and connected with any local Dispensary the Amount of or not as the case may happen, and upon a Certificate by One or more Physicians that there is a Necessity for private Subscrip-providing Accommodation for such Patients, it shall and may be lawful for such Grand Jury to present to be tlons» for , ocal

raised

456

Dispenstiies, sad for Houses for the Reception of Fever Pitienu.

Treifurer to account.

Grand Juries may make Presentments for Fever Hospital*', to be raised by Instalments within Six Years.

Presentment being certified by Clerk of the Crown to Lord Lieutenant, he may order Advance of Money out of Consolidated Fund to Treasurer of County, for Purposes of Presentments. Treasurer to repay the Money lo advanced. Surplus Money raised carried to the Credit of the County.

Grand Juries empowered to preSent 500l. a Year for Support of House of Industry over and above Sums under xi & I4G. 3. C. 30.

co

In cife of Fever, fcc. appearing in any Town or District, Public Meeting convened, and Lord Lieutenant, on Representation of Such Meeting, may appoint a Board of Health.

C. 47. 58° GEORGII III. A.D. 1818.

raised on any such County at large, or on any such County of a City or County of a Town, as the Case may be, any Sum not exceeding Double the Amount of the Sum or Sums so raised by Donation or Subscription, and actually received by Such Treasurer, to be applied by the Subscribers to such local Dispensaiy, or such Committee of them as aforesaid, together with the Monies so received by private Donation or Subscription, in erecting or hiring and fitting up such House for poor Fever Patients in such manner as the said Corporation or the said Committee shall in their Discretion deem most advisable; and it shall and may be lawful also for such Grand Jury of any such County, County of a City or County of a Town, from time to time to present any such further Sum or Sums as shall appear to such Grand Jury to be necessary or required for the Support of Houses for the Reception of Fever Patients, whether the same shall have been establi filed before or after the passing of this Act, not exceeding Double the Amount of the Subscriptions or Donations which, by the Accounts of such Treasurer verified on Oath, shall appear to have been raised and actually received for the Support of such Houses; and such Treasurer shall account in like manner and under such Regulations as are hereinbefore directed respecting Dispensaries.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Grand Jury of any

County, or County of a City or County of a Town, in which any Fever Hospital shall not have been erected before the passing of this Act, or in which it shall be made appear to the Satisfaction of the Grand Jury that any Fever Hospital in such County, County of a City or County of a Town, requires to be enlarged, repaired or rebuilt, to present, at any Assizes for such County, County of a City or Town, any Sum or Sums of Money for the Purpose of erecting and establi filing, or hiring, repairing and fitting up, one Fever Hospital in any such County, County of a City or Town, in which no such Hospital shall have been previously established, or for the Purpose of enlarging, repairing, rebuilding or supporting any Fever Hospital which shall have been previously established, and to set forth in such Presentment that the Sum therein mentioned shall be raised and levied within the Period of Six Years, by Half Yearly or Yearly In&alments, and also to set forth in such Preferment what Part thereof shall be raised upon any Barony or Baronies in any such County, or on the County at large; and that the Treasurer of such County, County of a City or County of a Town, shall from time to time, without further Authority or Presentment in that behalf, insert in his Warrant at each Assizes the Portion or Portions so set forth of the Sum so presented; and the same shall be raised and levied in like manner from time to time, and with the like Remedy in case of Nonpayment, as all other Money directed by such Warrant is by Law to be levied; and when and so soon as such Presentment shall have been duly certified by the acting Clerk of the Crown to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, or his or their Chief Secretary, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors for the time being, to direct the Amount of such Sum of Money so presented, or any Part thereof, to be advanced out of the growing Produce of the Consolidated Fund in Ireland, to the Treasurer of such County, County of a City or County of a Town, to be applied for the Purposes for which such Presentment shall have been made, under such Rules and Regulations as to such Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors shall seem fitting and expedient; and such Money so advanced and paid to such Treasurer shall be accounted for by him in like manner as any other Monies received by him for the Use of such County; and all Securities given by him or on his behalf shall extend to such Money; and such Treasurer shall from time to time pay to the Collector of Excise of the District in which such County, County of a City or County of a Town, all such Sums as shall from time to time be received by him from the baronial or other Collectors by virtue of the Presentments on account of which such Money shall have been advanced, until the whole Sum advanced shall be repaid: Provided always, that if it shall so happen that any Money shall be raised by virtue of any such Presentment or Presentments, which shall not be required for the Purposes for which it shall be so raised, the same shall be carried to the Credit generally of the County, or of the County of the Town, or of the County of the City, whereon the same shall be levied, by the Treasurer of such County, or County of a Town or County of a City respectively..*

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Grand Jury of each and every County, County of a City or County of a Town in Ireland, to present to be raised on such County at large, or on such County of a City or County of a Town, any Sum not exceeding Five hundred Pounds in the Year, over and above and exclusive of any Sums which they are by Law empowered to present for the Support of Houses of Industry in Ireland\ under.an Act made in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for badging such Poor as shall be found unable to support themfeboes by Labour, and other wise providing for them, and for refraining such as shall be found able to support themselves by Labour or Industry from begging, or any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland at the time of the passing of this Act; and the said Sum, when so raised, shall be paid to the Corporation of the said Houses of Industry in such County, County of a City or Town respectively, and applied by the said Corporation towards the Support and Maintenance of such House of Industry in such County, County of a City or County of a Town respectively.

X. And Whereas it is expedient that effectual Provision mould be made for preventing the spreading of*Fevers or contagious Disorders, whenever such shall happen in any Parts of Ireland, and that the Powers re- requisite for that Purpose should be exercised only during the Emergency which may call for the fame Be it therefore enacted, That whenever in any City, Town or District, 'any Fever or contagious Distemper shall appear or be known to exist among the poor Inhabitants, it shall and may be lawful for any One or more Ms* gistrates, upon the Requisition of Five respectable Householders, to convene a Meeting of the Magistrates and Householders of such City, Town or District, and of the Medical Practitioners within the same, in order to examine into the Circumstances attending such Fever or contagious Distemper, and the Number of Persone or Families being Sufferers thereby; and if it shall be the Opinion of such Meeting, and of One or more Magistrates attending, that such Fever or contagious Distemper is of a Nature to require particular Attention and Circumspection to prevent the Increase of the Contagion thereof, it shall be lawful for Two or more Magis-

14 trates

457

A.D. 1818.

58° GEORGII III. C. 47.

trates authorized by such Meeting to join in an Application to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, to appoint a Board of Health within and for such City, Town or District 5 and it shall be lawful for such Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland to appoint such Board accordingly, to consist of not more than Thirteen Commissioners, to be selected from among the Governors or Members of the Corporation of any Infirmary or Fever Hospital, or other Hospital, and from the Parishioners and Medical Practitioners, to act within such City, Town or District, in such manner and under such Regulations as such Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, or his or their Chief Secretary, shall from time to time order, direct and appoint.

XL. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners so to be appointed for the Powers of such forming such Board of Health, or any Five of them, to give all such Directions for the doing and performing Board of Health, all Acts, matters and things necessary for the preventing the Communication of Contagion, and for restoring the Sick to Health, as shall to such Commissioners seem necessary and expedient; and for that Purpose to direct that all Streets, Lanes and Courts, and all Houses and all Rooms therein, and all Yards, Gardens or Places belonging to such Houses shall be cleansed and purified, and that all Nuisances prejudicial to Health shall be removed therefrom; and that all Houses in which any sick Person shall be or shall have been, shall be ventilated, fumigated and whitewashed, the Windows and Doors thereof opened, and all Beds, Bedsteads, Bedding and Furniture therein be exposed to the Air, and be washed and cleansed, and, if absolutely necessary, to be burned or destroyed; and that some Mark, Number or Token shall be affixed on any House in which any Inhabitant is infected with Fever, denoting that some or one of the Inhabitants therein are so infected; and to di-re& that all other Measures shall be carried into Execution which to such Commissioners shall seem requisite for the Purposes aforesaid.

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners so to be May employ from time to time appointed for forming such Board of Health, to employ any Person or Persons in

the Execution of the several Powers to be exercised by them under this Act 5 and that it shall and may be Money may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, to order any Sum advanced by or Sums of Money to be from time to time advanced out of the growing Produce of the Consolidated Fund Lord Lieutenant in Ireland for the Payment of the actual Expences incurred by or under the said Commissioners in the Exe- so* Expence*, to cutton of such Powers; and that all Sums of Money so to be advanced shall be raised by Preferments to be raisedby Prc* made by the Grand Juries, nd raised off the County or County of a City or Town, in which such Expence shall be incurred.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if airy'Person or Persons shall resist or oppose any Person or Per- Refitting Order* fons employed by or under the Orders of the said Commissioners so to be from time to time appointed for of Boar<l of forming a Board of Health, in any County, City, Town or Place, in the Execution of the Powers of the said HeaJth* Commissioners under this Act, or in the doing or performing any matter or thing in Execution of this Act

under the Orders of the said Commissioners, every such Person or Persons so guilty of resisting or opposing shall, on Conviction thereof before any Two Magistrates within his Jurisdiction, on tneOath or Affirmation of One or more credible Witness, or on the Confemon of the Party so offending, incur such Penalty, not less than Penalty.

Ten Shillings nor more than Five Pounds, as such Magistrates shall in their Discretion think proper to adjudge and infli&, or in Failure of making Payment of such Fine, such Offender shall and may be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for any time not exceeding Three Months, and no such Conviction shall be quashed for Informality, nor shall be removed or removable by Certiorari or otherwise, nor subject to any Appeal whatever.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That in all Places where Fever Hospitals, or other Places for the Re- In what cases ception of poor Persons being disordered with Fever or other infectious Malady shall be established, it shall and Board of Health may be lawful, upon the Certificate of any Physician, Apothecary or Surgeon, hat ^ny Person is infected

with such Fever or other infectious Malady, and that such Person so infected is not under proper Medical to^reeved Care, and placed in such Circumstances and under such Precautions as may most probably tend to prevent the into Fever Hof-Communication of Contagion to his Family or Neighbours, for the Commissioners forming any such Board of pitals.

Health, or any Five of them, to order or direct, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, after due and exact Inquiry into the Circumstances of the case, that such Person so infected and not being under such Medical Care and placed in such Circumstances of Prevention as aforesaid, shall forthwith be removed into and placed in such Fever Hospital, or such other Place as shall be established for the Reception of such Patients; and such infected Person shall be removed and placed therein accordingly: Provided always, that the said Removal to b« Commissioners so forming any such Board of Health shall, in all cases of such compulsory Removal of any by

Person or Persons into Inch Fever Hospital, make a special Report or Notification thereof, under the Hands omml loners' of Five of the said Commissioners, to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief. Governor or Governors of Ireland) or to his or their Chief Secretary, within Two Days after such Removal shall take place.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners so forming any such Board of Health shall, Board of Health on the Monday in every Week during the Continuance of the Powers of such Commissioners under this Act, t# Report make a Report in Writing to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the

time being, under the Hands of Five of such Commissioners, and shall transmit the same to the Office of the ti^p^er* Chief Secretary; and shall in such Report state a true and particular Account of all the Proceedings of the shall cease on hp said Commissioners under this Act, in such Form as shall seem most expedient to the said Commissioners, or in Order, such Form as may at any time be directed by such Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors, or his or their Chief Secretary; and that whenever it shall be made appear by the Evidence of One or more Medical Persons, or by any other sufficient Means, to any Two Magistrates in any City, Town or District, in which such Board of Health shall be established under this Act, that the Number of Sick or the Danger of 58 Geo. III. 3 N Contagion

458 C. 47>48- 58° GEORGII III. A.D. 1818.

In Actions for executing Act.

[General Issue.]

Costs.

Contagion or Infection arc or is so*decreased, that the Powers to be executed by or under such Board of Health shall be no longer necessary, such Two Magistrates shall certify the same to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland; and in such case, or whenever it .shall by any Report of the said Commissioners, or by any other Means, appear to the Satisfaction of such Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors, that the Powers of such Board of Health are no longer required in any such City, Town or District, it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors, or his or their Chief Secretary, by Letter under his Hand, to signify to such Board of Health that they are no longer to exercise the Powers given to them by this Act; and thereupon all such Powers shall cease and determine, until the same shall be again renewed pursuant to the Directions of this Act.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Action shall be brought against any of the Corporations to be erected by virtue of this Act, or against any Commissioners to be appointed under or by virtue of this Act, or any Person employed by such Corporations or Commissioners in Execution of this Act, for any thing done in the Execution of any of the Powers or Duties by this Act given or required, the Defendant or Defendants may, in every such Suit, plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence; and in every case where the Plaintiff oY Plaintiffs in such Suit shall fail, the Court in which such Suit shall be carried on shall award Colts to the Defendant or Defendants.

5 7 G. 3. C. 130.

Schedules (A.) (B.) (C.) (D.) and (E.) in recited Actfc repealed, and other Schedules instead of Schedules (A.) and (B.)

Officer to Commissioners of National Debt, to UTue Debentures in Form marked (C.) NewDebentures, in Exchange for orginal Debentures, may be issued according to Schedule (D.)

Previous to Payment or Renewal of Debentures, an Order indorsed on Debentures under the Hands of the Trustees according to Schedule (E.) shall be produced.

A Certificate to be granted thereupon, agreeable to Form (F. 1.), end then Bank to pay.

Trustees may require Inter eft on Debentures to be paid at the Periods herein mentioned.

CAP. XLVIII.

An Act to amend an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, to encourage the Establishment

of Banks fcnr Savings, in England.

[30th May 1818.]

WHEREAS an Act passed in the Fifty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to encourage the Establishment of Banks for Savingly in England: And Whereas the Forms

in the Schedule to the said Act annexed have been found inconvenient in carrying the said Act into Effect,

and it is therefore expedient to alter and amend the fame Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, the several Forms contained in the Schedule to the said recited Act annexed, marked .(A.) (B.) (C.) (D.) and (E.) shall be and the same are hereby repealed 5 and that -in all cases where, by the said recited Act, the Schedules marked (A.) and (B*.) thereto annexed, are required to be used and applied, the Schedules marked (A.) and (B.) to this Act annexed, shall be used and applied in lieu and instead thereof.

II. And be it further enacted, That upon the Payment of Money into the Bank of England, to the

Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, as directed by the said recited Act, it shall be lawful for the Officer of the said Commissioners, and he is hereby authorized and empowered, t issue, upon every such Payment being made, one or more Debentures, making together the like Amount, according, to the Form in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (C.) '

III. And be it further enacted, That upon any Application for the Renewal of any Debenture or De-

bentures issued in pursuance of the said recited Act, it shall be lawful for the said Officer, and be is hereby authorized and empowered, to issue one or more new Debentores of the like Amount, bearing the like Rate of Interest, according to the Form in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (D.), in exchange for such original Debenture or Debentures, either with or without the Interest added thereto, whenever the same shall be required, and expressed in the Order of the Trustees, as directed by the said recited Act or this Act, in lieu of paying in Money such original Debenture or Debentures, with or without the Interest added thereto; provided always, that no fractional Part of a Pound shall be inserted in such new Debenture, but such Fraction shall be paid in Money.

IV. And be it further enacted, That previous to the Payment of the Principal and Interest of any Debenture or Debentures, or to the Renewal of such Debentures, the Person or Persons applying to receive such Payment or new Debenture shall in all cases produce to the Officer of the said Commissioners aa Order, indorsed on the Back of the Debenture required to be paid or renewed, except as herein excepted, under the Hands of any Two of the Trustees of the Institution for which such Payment or Renewal shall be demanded, attested by Two other Trustees or Managers thereof, or by any Two credible Witnesses, according to the Form in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (E.) 5 and the said Officer shall, and he is hereby authorized and empowered, within Five Days after the Interest of such Debenture shall have been computed and examined at the Office of the said Commissioners, to grant his Certificate to the Person or Persons applying for any Payment in the Form specified in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (F. 1.) 5 and upon the Pfoduftion and Delivery at the Bank of England of such Certificate, the Caffii^r or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England shall thereupon pay the Sum {pecified therein out of any Monies Handing in the Names of the said Commissioners, in the Books of the Bank of England, or from the Sale of Stock purchased with the Monies originally invested in any Debenture, or Debentures issued under the said recited Act or this Act, as the said Commissioners shall direct, any thing in the said recited Act to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Trustees of any such Institution from time to time, at any time after the Expiration of One Calendar Month next following the Twentieth Day of May and the Twentieth Day of November in any Year, to require that the Interest due on any such Debenture on such Twentieth Day of May or Twentieth Day of November respectivelf, shall be paid to such Person or Persons as such Trustees shall from time to time direct, by any Order in Writing

- (which

A.D. 1818. 58° GEORGII III. C. 48. 459

(which shall not be liable to any Stamp Duty) under the Hands of Two such Trustees, attested by Two other Trustees or Managers, or any Two credible Witnesses, according to such Form as the said Commissioners shall direct; and the said Order shall be produced to the Officer of the said Commissioners, who shall certify thereon the Amount of Interest then due, and require the same to be paid; and upon the Production of such Order and such Certificate thereon at the Bank of England, the Cashier or Caftiiers shall thereupon pay the Sum specified therein, out of any Monies (landing in the Name of the said Commissioners in ther Books of the said Bank.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, upon the Application Commissioners of the Trustees of any Saving Banks, in manner herein after mentioned, and they are hereby authorized and may transfer empowered, in lieu of paying off the Principal and Interest of any such Debenture or Debentures in Money, Stock }°the to cause their Agent or Agents (being also Cashiers of the said Governor and Company) to transfer such p^c^and in an Amount of either Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities, or Bank An- terelTofDeben"* nuities at the Rate of Three Pounds and Ten Shillings per Centum, as shall by Computation produce, as turea. herein after directed, the like Amount in Money as the Amount of the Principal and Interest of such Debenture or Debentures, out of any Account of the said Bank Annuities Handing in the Names of the said Commissioners in the Books of the Bank of England, into the Name or Names of any Two of the said Trustees, whenever the same shall be expressed and required in the Order of the said Trustees, in lieu of paying such Debenture or Debentures in Money.

VII. And be it further enacted, That before any Three per Centum Consolidated or Reduced Bank Stock first to be Annuities, or Bank Annuities at the Rate of Three Pounds and Ten Shillings per Centum, shall be trans- converted into ferred from the Account of the said Commissioners, such Three per Centum, or Three Pounds and Ten Money by Com-ShilHngs fer Centum Bank Annuities, shall be first converted into Money by the Computation of the said Putat, on, Officer, according to the average Price of either Three per Centum Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities, or Three Pounds and Ten Shillings per Centum Bank Annuities, at the Option of the said Trustees

expressed in their said Order, which shall be exhibited at the Office of the said Commissioners, under and by virtue of any Act or Acts now in force, on the Day of the Delivery of such Order at their said Office, such Trice being the average Price of the said Three per Centum or Three Pounds and Ten Shillings fer Centum Bank Annuities, on the Day preceding the Production and Delivery of the said Order as aforesaid; any thing in the said recited Act or this Act to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That upon the Issue of any new Debenture or Deben- The Date of new tures in Exchange for the original Debenture, with or without the Interest added thereto, such new De- Debenture*; benture or Debentures shall be dated by the said Officer on the Sixth Day fropa and after the Date of the Trustees* Order requiring the Issue of the fame 5 and in like manner upon the Production of the Trustees*

Order demanding Payment of any Debenture or Debentures in Money, the Certificate to be granted by the and of Certi-said Officer* to enable the Payment thereof, shall not be dated before the Sixth Day from and after the Date ficate* of the Trustees Order demanding such Payment; any thing in the said recited Act to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if at any time it shall happen, upon the Payment Ascertaining the of the Principal and Interest of any Debenture or Debentures in Money, that the said Computation and t, rnc to "h, ch. Examination of the Interest thereof shall not be completed by tht Sixth Day after the Day of the Date of the Trustees Order demanding Payment as aforesaid, nothing in the said recited Act or this Act contained corol)Ute

shall be construed to prevent the Payment of the Interest which shall, appear to be actually due upon such Debenture or Debentures, up to the Day inclusive immediately preceding the Day of the completing such Computation and Examination; and the said Officer is hereby authorized and empowered, in all such Cases to compute the Interest thereof up to the Day immediately preceding the Day of completing such said Computation and Examination; any thing in the said recited Act or this Act to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

X. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Three per Centum Consolidated or Reduced Bank Certificate to be Annuities, or Three Pounds and Ten Shillings per Centum Bank Annuities, shall be required by the said Br*n^d(°r Trustees to be transferred from the Account of the said Commissioners, as hereinbefore directed, the said s^k^ccwding Officer shall and he is hereby authorized and empowered to grant his Certificate for that Purpose, to the to Schedule Person or Persons applying for the fame, according to the Form in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (F. a.)

(F. 2.), a Duplicate whereof shall be transmitted by the said Officer to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England; and upon the Production and Delivery of the said Certificate at the Bank of England, the said Agent or Agents of the said Commissioners shall, and he and they is and are hereby required to transfer from any Account of the said Commissioners, standing in the Books of the said Governor and Company, the Amount and Description of Stock therein dated, into the Names of the Two Trustees of such Saving Bank or Institution as shall be specified and described in such Certificate.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That upon every such Transfer of Stock being made from Accountant the Account of the said Commissioners, as hereinbefore directed, the Accountant General of the Governor General of Bank and Company of the Bank of England shall, within Five Days after such Transfer shall have been made,

transmit to the Office of the said Commissioners, for Delivery to the Person applying for the fame, a Cer- Commissioners. tificate thereof, according to the Form in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (G.)

XII. And be it further enacted, That if at any time the said Trustees shall require the Payment or Re- Regulation in newal of more than One Debenture at one and the same time, it shall be lawful for any Two of the said cafc* F»y-Trustees to give one General Order in Writing under their Hands, attested by Two other Trustees or Managers, or any Two credible Witnesses, either for the Renewal or for the Payment thereof in Monty, or

3 N 2 for

One Debenture at one Time being required.

Schedules to 51 G. 3. c. 130. may be used, till those annexed to Act are adopted. InveAment not to be made in the Bank, except' by such Institutions as restrain the Deposit of Individuals.

Commissioners of National Debt to require Production of Rules so restraining. Institutions formed previous to 57 G. 3. c. 130. to have the Privilege of investing Money in the Bank, &c.

Central Banks may invest the Money of Branch Banks.

[Proviso.]

Justices at Sessions may allow or reject any Rules of the Institutions sent to the Clerk of the Peace.

How such Rejection notified.

Notice to Trustees of Rejection by Clerk of the Peace.

Awards, Bonds, fcc. rot liable to Stamp Duty.

c. 48. 58° GEORGIl III. A.D. 1818.

for the Payment thereof in Stock as aforesaid, containing the Number and Amount of each Debenture, according to such Form as the said Commissioners shall direct, in lieu of indoriing such Order on the Back of each separate Debenture, as required by the said recited Act 5 and the Production and Delivery of such General Order, together with the several Debentures specified therein, at the Office of the said Commissioners, severally endorsed on the Back with the Names and under the Hands of the Two Trustees signing such General Order, shall be deemed as valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes, as though such Order had been endorsed by the said Trustees on each Debenture separately; any thing in the said recited Act or this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to prevent the Use of the several Forms marked in the Schedule to the said recited Act annexed, for all the Purposes to which they are now applicable, notwithstanding the Repeal of the fame, until the Adoption in lieu thereof of the several Forms in the Schedule to this Act annexed.

XIV. And Whereas it is expedient more strictly to provide against any improper Investment of Monies*under the Provisions of the said recited Act and this Act Be it therefore enacted, That the Privilege of paying Money into the Bank of Englanjl, and of receiving Debentures for the fame, shall, from and after the First Day of October One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, be restricted to such Institutions only which shall, by one or more of their Rules, provide that the Sums paid by any Person who shall pay or subscribe any Sum by Ticket or Number or otherwise, without disclosing his or her Name to the Trustees of such In-ftitution, shall not exceed the.Sum of Ten Pounds in any One Year; and it shall be lawful for the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, previous to the Payment of any Sum or Sums into the Bank of England, in pursuance of this Act, to require the Production of such Rule or Rules so limiting the said Sum or Sums to be so deposited, certified under the Hands of Two of the Trustees or Managers of each such Institution respectively, and any other Proof which they may think necessary to require.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Privilege of paying Money into the Bank of England, and of receiving Debentures for the fame, shall be and the fame is hereby declared to be extended to such Institutions as may have been established at any time previous to the passing of the said recited Act of the last Session of Parliament, or who may have since formed or may hereafter form their Rules and Regulations according to the Provisions of the said recited Act and this# Act; and it shall and may be lawful for the Trustees of such Institutions respectively to invest any Funds already accumulated by such Institutions, and which shall not have been invested at the time of the passing of this Act, in Debentures in manner authorized by the said recited Act and this Act.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That in cases where any Banks for Savings have been or shall be efta-blifiied in any Town or Place, and other smaller Banks have been or shall be established in the Neighbourhood of such Town or Place, as Branch Banks thereof, and such Branch Banks by their Treasurers have paid or shall pay any Sums into the Bank in any such Town or Place, as a Central Bank, it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Two of them, of any such Central Bank, to pay into the Bank of England, in manner prescribed by the said recited Act, along with the Monies belonging to such Central Bank, any Sum' or Sums of Money belonging to and on account of any such Branch Bank: Provided always, that the Treasurers of such Branch Banks shall certify to the Treasurer of such Central Bank, that the Amount contributed by any one Subscriber to any such Branch Bank in any one Year, does not exceed the Proportions required by this Act.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That whenever a Transcript of the Rules, Orders and Regulations, for the Management of any Institution requiring the Benefit of the said recited Act and of this Act, shall have been or shall be deposited with the Clerk of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division or Place wherein such Institution ftujl be established, pursuant to the Directions of the said recited Act, such Transcript shall be signed by Two Trustees of such Institution, and shall by such Clerk of the Peace be laid before the Justices for such County, Riding, Division or Place, at the General or Quarter Sessions next after the time when such Transcript shall have been so deposited 5 and it shall be lawful for such Justices then and there present, after.due Examination thereof, to reject and disapprove of such Part or Parts thereof as shall be repugnant to the true Intent and Meaning of the said recited Act and this Act, or to allow and confirm the said Transcript, or such Part or Parts thereof as shall be conformable to the true Intent and Meaning of the said recited Act and this Act: Provided always, that the said Justices shall signify such Rejection or Difapproval of any one or more of the Rules, Orders and Regulations contained in such Transcript by the Words " Rejected, " or " Dif-approved, written opposite such Rule or Rules, Order or Orders, Regulation or Regulations, and signed by the Chairman of such Sessions 5 and such Rule or Rules, Order or Orders, Regulation or Regulations, as shall be so rejected or disapproved of, shall not be in force from the time of such Rejection or Difapproval 5 any thing in the said recited Act or this Act, or in any such Rules, Orders and Regulations, to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that the said Clerk of the Peace do, within the Space of Ten Days next after such Rejection or Difapproval, give Notice thereof in Writing to the Two Trustees of such Institution by whom the Transcript of such Rules, Orders and Regulations shall be signed as aforesaid.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Arbitration Bond or Bond of Reference, nor any Award, Order or Determination of any Arbitrator ot Arbitrators, or Umpire, which shall be made under the General Rules, Orders or Regulations of any Institution, filed as required by the said recited Act of the last Session of Parliament, and which Award, Order or Determination are by the said Act declared to be final without Appeal, shall be subject or liable to or charged with any Stamp Duty or Duties whatsoever.

13

SCHEDULE

A.D. 18 r8

58° GEORGII III.

G. 48

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

(A.)

FORM of the Order of the Trustees to make Payments into the Bank of England, to be produced to the Officer of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt.

y^E, being Two of the Trustees of the Saving Bank established at \insert the Town and County] do, in purfuasce of Two Act a, _made in the Fifty seventh and Fifty eighth Years of the Reign of King George the Third, to encourage the Establishment of Banks for Savings in England, hereby authorize and direct A* B. to pay into the Bank of England, to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt Pounds, and to receive for the fame, on account of us the said Trustees, a

Saving Bank Debenture of the like Amount, [or, Saving Bank Debentures making the like Amount as under] carrying Interest at the Rate of Three Pence per Day for every One hundred Pounds; and we hereby declare that the Sum above stated is the exclusive Property of the said Saving Bank specified in this our Order, and arises from individual Contributors to the said Bank, or, from the Funds of Branch Banks connected with the said Bank, and certified to us by the Trustees of such Branch Banks to be the Produce of individual Contributions, not exceeding in any case the Amount specified in the said Act for the Contribution of each Contributor, or, from voluntary Donation to the Funds of the said Society, or, from the Funds of Friendly Societies, subscribed through their Officers in pursuance of the said Act, and in no other manner, nor from any other Source whatever.

Witness our Hands, this Day of

Signed in the Presence of us, -}

E. Witness to the signing of C.

F. Witness to the signing of D. J

D.-----} Trustees.

(B.)

CERTIFICATE of the Officer of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt to enable

Payments to be made into the Bank of England.

T Do hereby certify, That it appears by an Order dated produced to me

A conformable to the Provisions of Two Acts, made in the Fifty seventh and Fifty eighth Years of the Reign of King George the Third, to encourage the Establishment of Banks for Savings in England, that Two of the Trustees of the Saving Bank established at [in/ert the Town and County] have authorized and directed A.B. to pay into the Bank of England, to the Account of the Commimoners for the Reduction of the National Debt, the Sum of Pounds, and to receive a

Saving Bank Debenture of the like Amount, [or, Saving Bank Debentures making the like Amount as under] carrying Interest at the Rate of Three Pence per Centum per Diem.

Witness my Hand,

G. Superintendent.

(C.)

FORM of the DEBENTURE to be issued by the Officer of the Commissioners for the ReduAioas of the National Debt.

No.__________ £__________

Received of the Saving Bank established at

in the County of Pounds 5 which Sum is placed to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt.

For the Governor and Company of the Bank of England,

Entered, A.B. Cafltier.

WHEREAS by virtue of Two Acts, made in the Fifty seventh and Fifty eighth Years of King George the Third, to encourage the Estabhffiment of Banks for Savings in England, the above Sum hath been paid into the Bank of England to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National. Debt, on account of the Saving Bank above stated 2 Now this Debenture is chargeable on the Monies or Funds (landing in the Names of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt at the Bank of England, and entitles the said Saving Bank to the said Principal Sum, carrying an Interest after the Rate of.Tfcrea Pence per Day for every One hundred Pounds, from the Day of the Date hereof inclusive, payable at the Bank of England to the Trustees, or to their Use, by the Order of Two of such Trustees, on the Twentieth Day of May [or. Twentieth Day of November next] next after the Date hereof, or at any other time, upon the Production of such Order at the Office of the said Commissioners, and the Indorsement hereon of the Names and under the Hands of Two of the Trustees of the said Saving Bank, direAiftg Payment thereof to be demanded

by

C. 48. 58° GEORGII III. A.D. 1818.

by the Person producing the fame $ and the Interest shall in all cases be computed from the Day of the Date of the Debenture inclusive, up to and including the Five Days following the Day of the Date of such Order* Witness my Hand, the Day and Date above written,

C.D. Superintendent*

This Debenture is not transferable nor assignable.

(D.)

FORM of DEBENTURE to be issued by the Officer of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt in Exchange for an Original Debenture, with or without the Interest added thereto.

No.

WHEREAS by virtue of Two Acts, made in the Fifty seventh and Fifty eighth Years of King George the Third, to encourage the Establishment of Banks for Savings in England, a Debenture [or, Debentures] whereof the Principal, [or, the Principal and Interest] amounting to the Sum of Pounds, hath [or, have] been received at the Office of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, on account of the Saving Bank established at*in the County of

Now this Debenture is in Exchange for the fame, and is chargeable on the Monies or Funds (landing in the Names of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt at the Bank of England, and entitles the said Saving Bank to the said Sum above dated, carrying an Interest after the Rate of Three Pence per Day for every One hundred Pounds, from the Day of the Date hereof inclusive, payable at the Bank of England to the Trustees, or to their Use, by the Order of Two of such Trustees, on the Twentieth Day of May [or, Twentieth Day of November] next after the Date hereof, or at any other time, upon the Production of such Order at the Office of the said Commissioners, and the Indorsement hereon of the Names and under the Hands of Two of the Trustees of the said Saving Bank, directing Payment thereof to be demanded by the Person producing the fame; and the Interest shall in all cases be computed from the Day of the Date of the Debenture inclusive, up to and including the Five Days following the Day of the Date of such Order.

Witness my Haqd, this Day of

C.D. Superintendent.

This Debenture is not transferable nor assignable.

(E.)

INDORSEMENT of the Order of the Trustees on the Debenture to receive Payment.

UUE, Two of the Trustees of the Saving Bank within described, do hereby authorize and direct C.D. to " demand and receive both the Principal and Interest of the Debenture in Money, [or, to demand and receive the Interest due thereon in Money, and also a new Debenture of the like Amount, in lieu of this. Debenture, bearing the like Rate of Interest; ] [or, to demand a new Debenture [or. Debentures] of the like Amount, and the Interest added thereto, bearing the like Rate of Interest.]

Or,

T\fE, A. of and 3. of Two of the

" Trustees of the Saving Bank within described, do hereby require such an Amount of Three per Centum Consolidated [or, Reduced] Bank Annuities, [or, Three Pounds and Ten Shillings per Centum Bank Annuities] to be transferred into our said Names, as Trustees of the said Saving Bank, in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, computed according to the Provisions of the Act in that case made and provided, as shall produce by such Computation the like Amount as the Principal and Interest of this Debenture in Money.

Witness our Hands, thiq Day of

A.---7 Trustees of the

3.- --- J said Saving Bank.

Signed in the Presence of us, l

E. Witness to the Signing of A.

F'. Witness to the Signing of B. J

(F- >0

CERTIFICATE of the Officer of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, to enable the Payment of One or more Debentures in Money.

J Do hereby certify to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, That a Debenture [or, Debentures] hath [or, have] been delivered at the Office of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, conformably to an Order under the Hands of Two of the Trustees of the Saving Bank established at [insert the Town and County"] pursuant Jo the Provisions of Two Acts passed in the Fifty seventh and Fifty eighth Years of the Reign of King George the Third, to encourage the Establishment of Banks for Savings m England; and that the Sum to be paid on Account thereof in Money amounts

12 to

A.D. 1818. 58° GEORGII III. C. 48, 49.

to Pounds Shillings and Pence5

which said Sum pay to A.B. the Person authorized by the said Trustees to receive the same.

Witness my Hand, this.Day of

Received the Sum above dated,

C.D. Superintendent.

E. F. acting for the Trustees.

(F. 2.)

CERTIFICATE of the Officer of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, to enable the Payment of One or more Debentures in Stock.

J Do hereby certify to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, That a Debenture [or, Debentures] hath [or, have] been delivered at the Office of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, on Account of the Saving Bank established at {insert the Town and County pursuant to the Provisions of Two Acts passed in the Fifty seventh and Fifty eighth Years of the Reign of King George the Third, to encourage the Establishment of Banks for Savings in England; and that the Sum of

Three per Centum Consolidated [or, Reduced] Bank Annuities, [or, Three Pounds and Ten Shillings per Centum Bank Annuities] to be transferred on account thereof from the Account of the said Commissioners (landing in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, into the Names of A. of and B. of Two of the Trustees of the said Saving

Bank, computed according to the Provisions of the said Act, amounts to Pounds.

Witness my Hand, this Day of

C.D. Superintendent.

463

{G.)

CERTIFICATE to be granted by the Accountant General of the Governor and Company of the Bank of.England, on the Transfer of Stock from the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, to the Trustees of Saving Banks.

JN pursuance of Two Acts, pasted in the Fifty seventh and Fifty-eighth Years of the Reign of King George the/Third, to encourage the Establishment of Banks for Savings in England, I do hereby certify, That the Sum of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated, [or, Reduced] Bank

Annuities, [or, Three Pounds and Ten Shillings per Centum Bank Annuities,] hath been this Day transferred from the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, into the Names of Am and B. Two of the Trustees of the Saving Bank established at [insert the Town and County J under the Provisions of the said Act.

Witness my Hand, this Day of

CAP. XLIX.

An Act to explain Three Acts, passed in the Forty sixth, Forty seventh and Fifty first Years of His Majesty's Reign, respectively, for the Abolition of the Slave Trade.

[30th May 1818.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Forty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled 46 G. 3. c. 5a.

An Act to prevent the Importation of Slaves by any of His Majesty's Subjects into any Islands, Colonies,

Plantations or Territories belonging to any Foreign Sovereign, State or Power; and also to render more

effcQual a certain Order made by His Majesty in Council on the Fifteenth Day of August One thousand eight hundred and Jive % for prohibiting the Importation of Slaves (except in certain Cases) into any of the Settle-

mentjf Islands, Colonies or Plantations on the Continent of America or in the West Indies, which have been

fur rendered to His Majesty's Arms during the present War; and toprevenithe fitting out of Foreign Slave Ships

from British Ports: And Whereas an Act was passed in the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of His pre- 47 G* 3- l*

sent Majesty, intituled An Act for the Abolition of the Slave Trades And Whereas another Act was passed c. 36.

in the Fifty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for rendering more effectual an Ji G. 3. c. 13.'

A8 made in the Forty seventh Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled «An Act for the Abolition of the«Slave Trade : And Whereas divers Persons have, contrary to Law, imported into certain of His Majesty's «Possessions on the Continent of South America, certain Negro Slaves from other Possessions of His Majesty:

And Whereas it is expedient that all Persons who have been concerned in advising, authorizing or making«such Importations of Negro Slaves as aforesaid, contrary to Law, Should be indemnified, inasmuch as such c Importations have been made under a belief that they were authorized by Law Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Certain Import-said Importations be and be deemed valid and of due Force in Law 5 and that all personal Actions and Suits, ations of Slave*

Indictments, Informations and all Prosecutions and Proceedings whatsoever, which have been or shall be hereafter re"dire<|.

prosecuted or commenced against any Person or Persons for having advised, authorized or made any such "lledro ecuuon# Importation at any time before the passing of this Act, be, are and shall be discharged and made void by virtue of this Act 5 and that if any Action or Suit shall be prosecuted or commenced against any Person or Persons for or by reason of any such Importation, he, she or they may plead the General Issue, and give this General Idle is

Ad and the special Matter in Evidence $ and if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in any Action or Suit lo to be such Anions.

prosecuted

464 49*

58° GEORGII III.

A.D. 18t8.

Double Costi.

Anions in Scotland.

[Double Costs.]

Proceedings where Suits have been commenced to be stayed.

[Double Costs.]

Slaves may be transported from the Bahamas and Dominica to South America on Licence.

His Majesty in Council may make further Rules and Orders.

Regulations as to the Conveyance of Slaves from one Settlement to another by Sea.

Proviso for am-" ploying Slaves in Navigation, Fishing, fee.

and for Slaves being domedic Servants attending their Madera by Sea,

prosecuted or commenced in that Part of the United Kingdom called England or that Part called Ireland, or in any of His Majesty's Possessions on the Continent of South America or in the West India Islands, shall become nonsuit, or forbear further Prosecution, or suffer Discontinuance, or if a VerdiA shall pafsagainst such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall recover his, her or their Double Costs, for which he, she or they shall have the like Remedy as- ii\ cases where the Costs by Law are given to the Defendants; and if any such Action or Suit as aforesaid shall be commenced or prosecuted in the Part of Great Britain called Scotland, the Court before which such Action or Suit shall be commenced or prosecuted shall allow to the Defender the Benefit of the Discharge and Indemnity thereby provided, and shall further allow him his Double Costs of Suit in all such cases as aforesaid.

II. And be it also enacted, That if any Action or Suit hath been already commenced against any Person or Persons for any such Importation, it shall and may be lawful for the Defendant or Defenders in such Action or Suit respectively, in whatever Court of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland or in any of His Majesty's Possessions on the Continent of South America, or in the West India Islands, such Action or Suit shall have been commenced, to apply to such Court or Courts respectively, to stay all Proceedings thereon respectively, by Motion in a summary Way, and such Court or Courts are hereby required to make Order for that Purpose accordingly; and the Court or Courts making such; Order shall allow and award to the Defendant or Defenders respectively Double Costs of Suit, for which they shall respectively have the like Remedy as in cases where the Costs are by Law given to the Defendant or Defenders.

III. And Whereas it has been represented that there is in the Bahama Islands, and on certain Estates in the Island of Dominica, a considerable Quantity of the Land which, from Length of Cultivation has become

exhausted: And Whereas it has in consequence become impossible for the Proprietors of such Land to find«profitable Employment and Subsistence for the Negro Slaves who are their Property, and have hitherto been supported by cultivating the said Land: And Whereas it might tend to ameliorate the Condition of the said Negro Slaves if they could by Law be transported to certain of His Majesty's Possessions on the Conti-

nent of South America, to which by Law they cannot now be transported Be it enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty, by and with the Advice of His Privy Council, to grant Licences for the Transportation of such Slaves from any of the said Islands to any of the said Possessions on the Continent of South America, under certain Regulations and Restrictions, to be herein after provided: Provided always, that no such Licence shall be granted unless upon a Represen tat ion to His Majesty's Most Honourable Privy Council, from the Proprietor of such Negro Slaves, who shall be required to produce satisfactory Proof that the said Slaves, may be so transported without DisadvanUge to themselves, and unless he shall enter into Bond to remove the said Negro Slaves in Families.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty, by and with the Advice of His Privy Council, to make such further Rules and Regulationaj*with respect to the Transport and Defti-nation of any such Negroes, with such Penalties and Forfeitures for the Breach thereof, as shall seem fit and necessary to His Majesty, by and with the Advice aforesaid.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons to embark, ship, export or carry upon the Sea, any Slave or Slaves from any such Settlement or Territory, now belonging to, or under the Dominion, or in the Possession of His Majesty, on the Continent of South America, to any other Country, Island, Territory or Place whatever, whether under the Dominion of His Majesty, or of any Foreign Sovereign, State or Power; any thing in the said recited Acts or either of them, or m any other A A or A Act of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided also, that nothing hereinbefore contained shall extend or be construed to extend to prohibit or prevent the embarking, shipping, exporting or carrying by Sea any Slave or Slaves from any such Settlement or Territory of or belonging to, or under the Dominion, or in the Possession of His Majesty, on the Continent of South America, to any other Settlement pr Territory now belonging to, or under the Dominion, or in the Possession of His Majesty, on the said Continent of South America, so as that such Slaves are embarked, shipped and so carried by Sea, under and subject and according to all the Restrictions, Regulations, Penalties and Forfeitures in the said recited Acts or either

them contained, in relation to the carrying of Slaves from one Island, Colony or Plantation belonging to His Majesty, to any other Island, 'Colony or Plantation belonging to His Majesty: Provided also, that nothing hereinbefore contained shall prevent or be construed to prevent any Slave from being employed either in Navigation, Fishing or any other his ordinary Business or Occupation upon the Seas, in the same manner as Slaves may now be employed in any British West India Island, in Numbers not exceeding in any one Boat or Vessel those usually employed in navigating such Vessels or Boats: Provided also, that nothing hereinbefore contained shall extend or be construed to extend to prevent any Slave who shall be really and truly the domestic Servant of any Person residing or being in any such Settlement or Territory, now belonging to, or under the Dominion, or in the Possession of His Majesty as aforesaid, from attending his or her Owner, or Master or Mistress, or any Part of his or her Family, by Sea to any Place whatever, in the same manner and under the fame Regulations as are prescribed by any of the said recited Acts as to Slaves attending their Masters from any British West India Island.

A.D. 1818.

58° GEORGII III.

4 65

C. 50.

CAP. L.

An Act to amend and continue, until the Tenth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and twenty an Act passed in the Fifty sixth Year of His present Majesty, to repeal the Duties payable in Scotland upon Wash and Spirits, and Distillers Licences; to grant other Duties in lieu thereof; and to establish further Regulations for the Distillation of Spirits from Corn, for Home Consumption, in Scotland.

[30th May 1818.]

WHEREAS an Act passed in the Fifty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled

VYi An Act to repeal the Duties payable in Scotland upon Wash and Spirits, and Distillers Licences; to grant other Duties in lieu thereof; and to establish further Regulations for the Distillation of Spirits from

Corny for Home Consumption, in Scotland, until the Tenth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and eighteen; and it is expedient that the fame should be altered, amended, and continued: May it

therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and Be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Tefhporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the said Tenth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, and until the Tenth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and twenty, there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid unto His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, the Several Duties of Excise herein after mentioned; that is to say,

For every Gallon of Wort or Wash brewed or made in any Part or Place in Scotland, from any Malt, Corn, Grain or Tilts, orany. Mixture with the fame, for extracting Spirits fdr Consumption in Scotland, Seven pence Halfpenny:

For every Gallon of Spirits of the Strength of Seven per Centum above Proof, as denoted by the Hydrometer called Sites, Hydrometer, which mall be made or distilled from any Malt, Corn, Grain or Tilts, or any Mixture therewith, in any Part or Place in Scotland, for Consumption in Scotland, Eight pence Halfpenny 2

The said Duties to be paid by the respective Makers or Distillers of such Wort, Wash or Spirits respectively.

For every Licence to be taken out by any Distiller or Maker of Low Wines or Spirits, in any Part or Place in Scotland, for Sale therein, or for Exportation therefrom, the Sum of Ten Pounds:

For every Licence to be taken out by any Rectifier of Spirits, in any Part or Place in Scotland, the Sum of Five Pounds:

The said Duties for Licences to Be paid by the respective Distillers and R^ftifters taking out such Licences respectively.

56 G. 3. c. 106.

From Nbv. io, 1818, to Nbv. io, 18x0, tht Duties herein mentioned to be levied.

Duties on Worts and Spirits;

On Licences.

II. And be it enacted, That the said Duties granted by this Act shall be under the fame Manage- Duties to be meot, and shall be raised, levied, collected, Secured and paid, in the fame m&nner, and by the fame Ways levied under the and Means, and under and subject to all the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions and Provisions, Fines, Penal*- Provisions of ties and Forfeitures, and with and subject to such and the like Powers, Authorities and Declarations, as aise provided by the said recited Act, except as altered and amended by this Act, and as are provided by an Act passed in the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for repealing the 540-3-c. 171. Duties payable in Scotland upon Distillers Wash, Spirits and L 'tcencesy and for granting other Dutiet in lien thereof\ for the Management, Collection and Recovery of the Duties thereby granted, so far as the same are confluent with the said first recited Act and with this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Duties granted by this Act (the necessary Charges of raising Duties paid into tad accounting for the fame excepted) shall from time to time be paid into the* Receipt of His Majesty's the Exchequer. Exchequer at Westminster, and shall be*carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain.

IV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Tenth Day of November One thousand eight Rate at which hundred and eighteen, every Distiller for Home Consumption in Scotland shall be charged with and' pay the Duty charged. Duties granted by this Act, at and after the Rate of Thirteen Gallons of Spirits of the Strength of Seven

per Centum above Proof as aforesaid, for every One hundred Gallons of his or her Wort or Wash prepared or made from Malt, Corn, Grain or Tilts, of a Gravity not exceeding Seventy, as indicated by the Saccharometer in manner after mentioned.

V. And be it further enacted, That if any Distiller or Distillers of Spirits for Home Consumption in Where Spirit*

Scotland shall, from the Commencement of the termination of his, her or their Licence, or when such* exceed Propor-Distiller or Distillers shall previously cease working for the Season, extract, make, distil or produce from tion of x3 Gal-Wort or Wash prepared or made from Malt, Corn, Gram or Tilts, any Quantity of*Spirits exceeding the fu^h G#l"

Proportion of Thirteen Gallons, for every Hundred Gallons of such Worts or Wash distilled into Spirits as worts, 419$d. aforesaid, every such Distiller or Distillers shall pay Duty for all such Spirits exceeding the Proportion afore- per Gallon said at and after the Rate of Four Shillings and Nine pence Halfpenny for every Gallon of such Excess, paid for Excels, computed at the Strength of Seven per Centum above Proof as aforesaid, over and above all other Duties on

Worts, Walh or Spirits whatsoever.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the whole Quantity of Worts that are to be placed in any Wash The whole

Batch, Tun or Vessel for Fermentation, shall be collected therein within the Space of Twelve Hours from Q'wm, ty of and after the Commencement of running or conveying any Part of the said Worts from the Coolers or fol!

Other Vessels; and all and every Distiller or Distillers shall within such Twelve Hours make and deliver to ieaed within 1

58 Geo. III. 3 O the

4*66

Hours, and Declaration made that such Worts are of a Gravity not exceeding 70.

Penalty aooL

Treasury may empower Commissioners of Excise in Scotland to allow Distilleron Security time for Payment of Duties, not exceeding Two Months, with Interest at 5l. per Cent.

Locks and Fattening* for securing the Discharge Cocks shall be provided by the Supenri-for at the Expence of the Distiller.

Locks and Faf-tenings to.be sealed, and opened by the proper Officer, while the Wafti is conveying into the Jack Back,c.

Distiller, &c. neglecting to Pay, See. Obstruction Officer, &c.;

or if Jack Back not properly placed.

Penalty loci. Before making Bub or any other Composition, Entry shall be made of the Vessels, and Notice given to the Officer before the making of any such Mixture, who may take Account and also Samples to ascertain the Gravity.

In what case Composition taken as Wafti.

Not making Lntry, neglect-ing to give Notice, unduly making such Composition, fcc.

C. 50. 58° GEORGII III. A.D. 1818.

the proper Officer a Declaration in Writing, that such Worts so collected as aforesaid are of a Gravity not excelling Seventy, as indicated by the Saccharometer directed by the said first recited Act to be provided and used for this Purpose; and if any Distiller or Distillers shall refuse or neglect so to collect all such Worts within the time aforesaid, or shall neglect or refuse to make such Declaration as aforesaid, or make a false Declaration, or shall ferment or mix such Worts with any Yeast, or any matter or thing for or occasioning Fermentation, before the proper Officer shall have examined and taken an Account of the Gravity thereof by such Saccharometer as aforesaid; or which, after being so collected as aforesaid, shall exceed the Gravity aforesaid; every such Distiller or Distillers shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may he lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for the Time being, by any Warrant, Order or Instruction signed by any Three or more of them, to authorize and empower the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland for the time being, by any Licence or Authority in Writing under the Hands of any Three or more of them, to allow such time as they shall think fit for the Payment by any Distiller or Distillers for Home Consumption in Scotland of the Duties granted by this Act, not exceeding Two Calendar Months from the time the same shall respectively become due and payable, and to take such Security or Securities for the Payment thereof, with Interest thereon at the rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum from the Day on which the same are payable by Law, until the same shall be paid, as the said Commissioners of Excise shall think proper, subject to such Limitations, Conditions and Restrictions as the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury shall think fit; any thing in any Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Tenth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, a proper Lock and Fattening shall be provided and maintained by the respective Supervisor of Excise of the Division or District, at the Expence and Charge of every Distiller of Spirits for Home Consumption in Scotland\ for properly and sufficiently locking ana securing the Discharge Cock of every Wash Batch or Fermenting Tun or Vessel used by such Distiller or Distillers 5 which Lock and Fattening shall be taken and sealed by the proper Officer of Excise, and shall be and remain always so locked and sealed, excepting when the same shall be opened by the proper Officer of Excise, who shall attend when thereunto required by such Distiller for the Purpose of opening such Lock or Locks, and allowing the Wash in any such Wash Batch or Tun to be conveyed into the Jack Back in the manner directed by the said first recited Act 5 and that as soon as the Charge for any Still shall have been run into the Jack Back in the manner directed by the said first recited Act, the Discharge Cock of the Wafii Batch or Fermenting Tun or Tuns from whence such Charge shall have been taken, shall be again locked and sealed as aforesaid by the proper Officer, before the Wash Still shall be opened into which such Charge is to be pumped up from the Jack Back in the manner directed by the said first recited Act; and that such Jack Back shall in all Cases be placed in the Still House, as near as conveniently may be to, the Wash Still to which it forms the Means of Charge 5 and if any such Distiller or Distillers shall neglect or refuse to pay for any Lock, Key or other necessary Fattening for securing such Discharge Cock as aforesaid, or for the Repair or Removal thereof, which shall be provided or made by or by the Order of any Supervisor according to the Direction of this Act, or shall open, break or injure the fame 5 or if any Person or Persons shall obstruct or hinder any Officer or Officers of Excise, or any Person or Persons by him or them employed in that behalf, in the fixing or placing any such Fattening in such manner as such Officer or Officers shall direct or think expedient to answer any of the Purposes by this Act in that behalf intended, or in the locking, sealing or securing any such Discharge Cock; or if the Jack Back uf?d by such Distiller shall not be placed in the Still House as near as conveniently may be to the Wafii Still as aforesaid, every such Distiller shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

IX. And be it further enacted, That before making or using a Composition or Mixture called Bub, or any other Composition or Mixture for inducing or increasing the Fermentation of Wort or Wafii, every Distiller of Spirits for Home Consumption in Scotland shall make Entry of every Vessel used by him or her for the Purpose of making or keeping any such Composition or Mixture, describing the fame, and in what Part of the Premises the fame is placed; and every such Distiller shall also give Notice to the Officer of Excise, at lead Six Hours before beginning to make any such Composition or Mixture, and shall also in such Notice specify the particular Wafii Batch or Fermenting Tun into which such Composition or Mixture is to be put, and the Quantity of such Composition or Mixture to be made by such Difiiller, which Quantity shall not exceed the-Proportion of Seven Gallons thereof for every One hundred Gallons of Worts, for inducing the Fermentation of which the said Composition or Mixture is to be prepared; and the Officer shall take an Account thereof in such Vessels respectively, and also of the Worts placed or to be placed in the Wafii Batch or fermenting Tun, for inducing the Fermentation of which such Composition or Mixture is to be used, and shall and may at all times be at Liberty to take a Sample or Samples of such Composition or Mixture, to ascertain the Gravity thereof by the said Saccharometer; and if the Gravity thereof or any Part thereof so ascertained shall not at any time exceed the Gravity of the Worts made by such Distiller so limited, and so taken an Account of when collected as aforesaid, and shall not at any time be found of a less Gravity than Twenty, as indicated by the said Saccharometer, such Composition or Mixture shall be deemed and taken to be Wash, and the Duty hereby imposed on Wort or Wafii shall be charged thereon: And if any such. Distiller shall not make Entry of every such Vessel as aforesaid, or shall at any time alter or change the Postion of any such Vessels without giving Notice thereof in Writing to the proper Officer of Excise, or shall not give such Notice as is herein directed, or shall make any such Composition or Mixture of a greater Quantity or Gravity than aforesaid, or if the Officer shall be prevented or obstructed in taking an Account thereof or Samples

13 as

A.D. 1818. 58° GEORGII III. C. 50, 51^ 467

as aforesaid, as often and at such times as he may think necessary to ascertain the Gravity and Quantity thereoP or if such Distiller shall refuse or neglect to remove and put all such Composition or Mixture into the Wash Batch or Fermenting Tun specified in such Notice as aforesaid, immediately after the Worts are collected therein, and a Declaration of the Gravity thereof is delivered to, and the Gravity thereof has been tried by the Officer, for the fermenting of which the said Composition or Mixture was specified in such Notice as aforesaid, or shall keep in any such Vessel any such Composition which shall have become attenuated so low as Twenty, as indicated by the said Saccharometer, or if such Distiller shall at any time increase the Gravity of such Composition or Mixture after Trial thereof shall have been once made by Means of the said Saccharometer, or if after such Trial shall have been made the Gravity of any such Composition or Mixture shall be found to be more than Five Degrees greater, as indicated by the said Saccharometer, than the Gravity thereby indicated on such Trial as aforesaid $ every such Distiller so offending in any of the above Particulars, or m whose Pre- Penally 200l. mife8 any such Offence shall be committed, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Two hundred Pounds: Provided Regulations as always, that if any such Composition or Mixture made by any such Distiller shall not have become attenuated to attenuating so low as Twenty, as indicated by the said Instrument called a Saccharometer, and such Distiller shall within fe

Twenty four Hours after such Composition or Mixture shall have been begun to be made, to be reckoned Mixture* from the time that the Officer first took Account thereof, remove and put the whole thereof into the Wash charged as Parc Batch or Fermenting Tun specified in such Notice as aforesaid, in the Pretence of the proper Officer of Excise, of the Worts, and if such Officer shall then find an Increase of the Quantity of Worts in such Wash Batch or Fermenting Tun equal to the Amount arising from such Composition or Mixture put therein, such Composition or Mixture put therein shall be charged with Duty therein as fart of the Worts or Wash in such Wash Batch or Tun, and not distinctly and separately therefrom.

X. And Whereas the Distilling Feints with Wash is injurious to the Quality of the Spirits; Be it therefore No Feints to be enacted, That from and after the Tenth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, no mixed with Distiller of Spirits for Home Consumption in Scotland shall mix any Feints with any Wash or Low Wines, or

put any Feints into any Back or other Vessel, or into any Still into which any Wash or Low Wines shall Jided to contain then be, or any Wash into any Back or other Vessel or into any Still where any Feints shall be; but shall, and the Quantity every such Distiller is hereby required to provide a proper Feint Cask, sufficient to contain the whole Quantity necessary for a of Feints necessary for one Charge of the Low Wine Still used by any such Distiller or Distillers; and every Charge, such Distiller shall, immediately on the extracting thereof, run and convey all the Feints which shall be produced Regulations for from each Charge of his or her Still or Stills, directly from such Still or Stills into such Feint Cask, to be kept therein under the Lock of the Officer; and all Feints to be produced by any such Distiller shall be kept and c, nt, c* continued in such Feint Calk under such Lock as aforesaid, until the fame amount in Quantity to such Charge as aforesaid, and shall be pumped into thg Low Wine Still as herein after mentioned; and the proper Officer of Excise shall and may from time to time, during such time as aforesaid, take a true Guage, and try the Strength of all Feints in such Feint Cask, and cast and compute the fame at the rate of Seven per Centum above Hydrometer Proof, and keep an exact Account thereof: Provided always, that no such Distiller shall collect Proviso as to or keep at any one time a greater Quantity of Feints than is sufficient for One Charge of the Low Wine Still colle^ing and used by him or her; and that so soon as such Quantity of Feints shall be so collected as aforesaid, every such Feints.

Distiller shall, and he and she is hereby required to give'Notice to the proper Officer that such Feints are so collected, and of his or her Intention to charge his or her Low Wine Still therewith, and upon the Officers attending pursuant to such Notice, to pump all such Feints, in the Presence of such Officer, from and out of such Feint Cask into the Low Wine Still used by such Distiller, and to run the Produce thereof from such Low Wine Still into the Low Wine Receiver 5 and any Distiller offending in any of the above Particulars shall for every Pentlty aooL Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Distiller or Distillers to apply at When Licences any time for a Licence to distil under the Authority of this Act, but that every such Licence shall expire on to expire.

the Ninth Day of November immediately subsequent to the Day of the Commencement of such Licence.

XII. And be it further enacted, That this Act and the said first recited Act, as altered and amended by Continuance

this Act and hereby continued, shall be and remain in force until the said Tenth Day of November One of Act and of thousand eight hundred and twenty 5 and the said recited Act and this Act shall be construed and receive 5$ 3* i°&

Effect together, in the same manner as if such Parts of the said first recited Act as are hereby continued had,

as hereby altered^ been made Part of this Act.

?III. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, varied or repealed by any Act or Acts aR may be alto be passed in this present Session of Parliament. tered, fee. this

Session.

CAP. LI.

An Act to amend certain Acts passed in the Fourth Year of King Edward the Fourth; First and Tenth Years of Queen Annes First, Twelfth and Thirteenth Years of King George the First;

Thirteenth, Twenty second and Twenty ninth Years of King George the Second; and Thirteenth and Fifty seventh Years of King George the Third; prohibiting the Payment of the Wages of Workmen in certain Trades otherwise than in the lawful Coin or Money of this Realm.

[30th May 1818.]

WHEREAS in and by certain Provisions contained in an Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign ejw> 4> c, It 4 of His Majesty King Edward the Fourth, and by certain other Provisions of an Act passed in the

First Year of the Reign of Her Majesty Queen Anne, intituled An Act for the more effectual preventing \ Ann. Stat. 2.

the Abuset and Fraud* of Perf on* employed in the working up the Woollen, Linen, FuJHan, Cotton and Iron c. 18.

3 0 2*Manufactures

468

10 Ann. c.

1 G. 1. Stat. c. 15.

7 Ann/c. 13.

12 G. 1. c. 34.

13 G. i. c. 43* 13 G.a. c. 8.

22 G. 2. c. 2-7* 29 G. 2. c. 33.

ijG. 3. c. 5* 57 G. 3. c.i»5'

of Sir*

57 G. 3. c.its*

Wa?es may be paid in Bank Notes if the Party consents.

C. 5i- 58° GEORGII III. A.D. 1818.

Manufactures of this Kingdom; and by certain other Provisions of an Act passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of Her said Majesty, intituled An Act for regulating, improving and encouraging the Woollen Manufacture of Mint or Medley Broad Cloth, and for the better Payment of the Poor employed therein;

and by certain other Provisions of an Act passed in the First Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the First, intituled An Act to make an Act of the Tenth Tear of Her late Majesty, intituled An Act for regulating, improving and encouraging of the Woollen Manufacture of Mint or medley Broad Cloth»

and for the better Payment of the Poor employed therein, more effectual for the Benefit of Trade in general;

and also to render more effectual an Act of the Seventh Tear of Her said Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for the better ascertaining the Lengths and Breadths of Woollen Cloth made in the County of York;

and by certain other Provisions of an Act passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His said Majesty King George the First, intituled An Act to prevent unlawful Combination of Workmen employed in the Woollen Manufacture, and for the better Payment of their Wages; and by certain other Provisions of an Act passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the First, intituled An Act for the better Regulation of the Woollen Manufacture, and for preventing Disputes among the Persont concerned therein; and for limiting a time for prosecuting for the Forfeiture appointed by an Act of the Twelfth Year of His Majesty's Reign, in case of Payment of the Workmen's Wages in any other manner than in Money; ana by certain other Provisions of an Act passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act to explain and amend an Act made in the First Year of the Reign of Her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled An Act for the more effectual preventing the 1 Abuses and Frauds of Persons employed in the working up the Woollen, Linen, Fustian, Cotton andiron Manufactures of this Kingdom, and for extending the said Act to the Manufactures of Leather; and by certain other Provisions of an Act passed in the Twenty second Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for the more effectual preventing of Frauds and Abuses committed by Persons employed in the Manufacture of Hats, and in the Woollen, Linen, Fustian, Cotton, Ironp Leather, Fur, Hemp, Flax, Mohair and Silk Manufactures; and for the preventing the unlawful Combination of Journeymen Dyers and Journeymen Hotpressers, and of all Persons employed in the said several Manufactures; and for the better Payment of their Wages; and by certain Provisions of an Act passed in the Twenty ninth Year of the Reign of His said Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act to render more effectual an Act passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George, to prevent unlawful Combinations of Workmen employed in the Woollen Manufactures, and for better Payment of their Wages; and also an Act passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign, of His said late Majesty, for the better Regulation of the Woollen Manufacture, and for preventing Disputes among the Persons concerned therein, and for limiting a time for prosecuting for the Forfeiture appointed by the aforesaid Act, in case of the Payment of the Workmen's Wages in any other manner than in Money; and by certain other Provisions of an Act passed in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for amending and rendering more effectual the several Laws now in being for the more effectual preventing of Frauds and Abuses, by Persons employed in the Manufacture of Hats, and in the Woollen, Linen, Fustian, Cotton, Iron,

Leather, Fur, Hemp, Flax, Mohair and Silk Manufactures, and also for making Provisions to prevent Frauds by Journeymen Dyers; as well as by the Provisions of Two other Acts of the Fifty seventh George f Third, the one intituled An Act to extend the Provisions of an Act of the Twelfth Year of His late Majesty King George the First, and an Act of the Twenty second Year of His late Majesty King George the Second, againQ the Payment of Labourers in Goods or by Truck, and to secure their Payment in the lawful Money of this Realm to Labourers employed in the Manufacture of Articles made of Steel, or of Steel or Iron combined, and of Plated Articles, and of other Articles of Cutlery; and the other intituled An Act to extend the Provisions of an Act of the Twelfth Year of His late Majesty King George the First, and an Act of the Twenty second Year of His late Majesty King George the Second, against Payment of Labourers in Goods or by Truck, and to secure their Payment in the lawful Money of this Realm, to Labourers employed in the

Pollieries, or in the working and getting of Coal, in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; and for extending the Provisions of the said Acts to Scotland and Ireland 5 the Payment of the Wages of Workmen in certain Trades and Occupations in the aforesaid Acts enumerated, in any other Way than in the lawful Coin or Money of this Realm, is prohibited and made penal: And Whereas it would be expedient that Persons concerned in the Trades or Occupations, or concerned in the Employment of Artificers,

Workmen or Labourers, of the Descriptions mentioned in the aforesaid Acts, should be permitted in all Cases where such Artificers, Workmen or Labourers, shall be willing to receive the same in Payment, to satisfy and pay the Wages of such Artificers, Workmen or Labourers, in Notes of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or in Notes of any duly licensed Banker or Bankers, issued under the Authority and according to the Provisions of the Acts for the time being for granting and regulating the Stamp Duties, and other the Act or Acts for the time being, for that Purpose made and provided Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for all and every Person or Persons concerned in the Trades or Occupations, or concerned in the Employment of Artificers, Workmen or Labourers of the Descriptions mentioned in the aforesaid Acts, or any of them, to pay the Wages of their, his or her Workman or Workmen, Labourer or Labourers, Artificer or Artificers, in a Note or Notes of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or in a Note or Notes of any duly licensed Banker or Bankers, issued under the Authority of the Statutes for the time being in that behalf made and provided, and according to the Provisions of the Statutes for the time being for granting and regulating the Stamp Duties in all Cases

where

469

A.D. 1818. 58° GEORGII III. c. 51, 52.

where his, her or their Labourer or Labourers, Workmen or Workmen, Artificer or Artificers, shall freely and voluntarily consent, and be willing to accept and receive the same in Payment or Satisfaction of his, her or their Wages, but not otherwise.

II. And Whereas by the said Acts or some of them it is provided, that the Forfeitures and Penalties thereby iroposed on Persons concerned in the Trades and Occupations, or concerned in the Employment of

Artificers, Workmen and Labourers of the Description therein mentioned, who shall pay the Wages of the said Artificers, Workmen or Labourers, or any Part thereof, otherwise than in the lawful Coin or Money of this Realm, contrary to the Provisions of the said Act9, shall be paid in some Cases to the

Artificers, Workmen and Labourers, and in other Cases One Moiety to the Informer, and the other Moiety to the Party or Parties aggrieved: And Whereas it would tend to the more easy Conviction of Offenders,

if the said Forfeitures and Penalties were in future in all Cases to be paid. One Moiety to the Informer, and the other Moiety to the Use of the Poor of the Parish in which the Offence is committed Be it therefore enacted, That so much of the said Acts or any of them as directs the Payment of the said Forfeitures and Penalties, either to the Labourers, Artificers or Workmen themselves, or in equal Moieties to the Informer and to the Party or Parties aggrieved, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

JII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, if any Person or Persons shall incur and be convicted in any Penalty or Penalties under any of the said Acts, such Penalty or Penalties* in which any such Person or Persons shall be so convicted, instead of bein£ applied as by the said Acts or any of them is directed, shall be paid and applied, One Moiety thereof to the Informer, and the other Moiety to the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor, or in Scotland to the Kirk Session of the Parish within which the said Offence shall have been committed, for the Use of the Poor of the said Parish.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the Informer shall be called to give Evidence, the whole of the Penity shall in that Case go to the Poor of the Parish.

V. And Whereas Difficulties have occurred in the Execution of the aforesaid Acts by reason of there

being no Form of Conviction therein enacted* Be it therefore enacted, That for the more effectually preventing the pernicious Pradlioes mentioned in the said recited Acts, and for the more easy and effectual carrying into Effect the wholesome Provisions of the said Acts, the Form of Conviction inserted iu Schedule (A.) to this Act annexed, shall be deemed and taken to be the legal and proper Form of Conviction as to any* Penalty or Penalties to be incurred under any or either of the aforesaid Acts.

VI. And be it also further enacted, That all the Powers, Provisions, Regulations, Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures in the said Acts or any of them contained, for the Purposes aforesaid, shall be exercised enforced, levied, recovered and applied, in as ample and full a manner as if the fame had been hereby dnadled.

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

Shire to wit.

before us County* aforesaid)

SCHEDULE (A.)

remembered, That on this Day of at in the said County

A.B. of in the said County of was duly convicted

(Two of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace in and for the, in the Penalty of, for having paid or caused to be paid the Sum of

due to C.D. of the Parish of for Wages for Work done for him the

said A B. in the Trade or Occupation* of, otherwise than as provided and directed by an Act passed in the Fifty-eighth Year of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to amend certain A3s passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of King Edward the Fourth; First and Tenth Years of the Reign of Queen Anne; the First, Twelfth ana Thirteenth Years of the Reign of King George the Fir [I; the Thirteenth, Twenty second and Twenty ninth Years of the Reign of King George the Second; and the Thirteenth and Fifty seventh Years of the Reign of King George the Third; prohibiting the Payment of the Wages of the Workmen in certain Trades, otherwise than in the lawful Coin or Money of this Realm. Given under our Hands and Seals the Day and Year first above written.

CAP. LII.

An Act to continue, until the Twentieth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty, an Act of the Fifty second Year of His present Majesty, for the more effectual Preservation of the Peace, by enforcing the Duties of Watching and Warding.

[30th May 1818.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fifty feqond Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for the more effectual Preservation of the Peace, by enforcing the Duties of Watching and Warding, until the First Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fourteen^ in Places where.Uifiurbonces prevail or are apprehended; which Act was afterwards renewed, and has been continued, by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, until the Fifteenth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eighteen; and it is expedient that the same shall be further continued; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act of the Fifty second Year of His laid Majesty's Reign shall be and the fame is hereby further continued until the Twentieth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty.

So much of recited Acts as relates to Payment of Forfeitures repealed.

One Moiety of Forfeitures to Informer) the other to the Poor, or in Scotland to the Kirk Session of the Parish.

In what case Penalty to*Poor.

Form of Conviction in Schedule (A.) to be adopted.

Powers of recited Acts extended to this Act.

5a G 3.0.17.

continued.

C*53> 54

58° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1818.

Aii Annuity of 6ooool. during Pleasure to the Duke of Kent.

Payable

Quarterly.

A like AiAuity to the Dtacheft for Life if (he fur rive the Duke, payable Quarterly.

The laid Annuities payable out of Consolidated Fund,

At the Receipt of the Exchequer, without Fee.

Annuities clear of Taxes.

j6 G.J.C.J7.

CAP. LIII.

An Act for enabling His Majesty io make further Provision for His Royal Highness the Duke of Kent, and to settle an Annuity on the Princess of Leiningen, in case (he shall survive his said Royal Highness.

[30th May 181$.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, having taken int<3 Consideration the Message of His Royal Highness the Prince Regent, acting in the Name and on the behalf of His Majesty, communicating that a Treaty of Marriage was in Negociatioif between His Royal Highness the Duke of Kent and Her Serene Highpefa Mary Louisa ViSoria, Widow of the late Prince of Leiningen and Sider of the Reigning

Duke of Saxe Cobourg of Saalfeld and of his Royal Highness Leopold George Frederick Prince of Cobonrg of Saalfeld, do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted and Be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for jrhe King's Mt>d Excellent Majesty, by any Letters Patent under the Great Seal of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, to give and grant unto His said Royal Highness the Duke of Kent, for and during His Majesty's Royal Will and Pleasure, an Annuity or Yearly Sum of Six thousand Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, in such Proportions and in such manner and Form as His Majesty in His Wifjflom shall think fit to direct and appoint the fame; which Annuity shall commence and take effect, from the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, and shall be paid and payable Quarterly in equal Portions, at the Four most usual Days of Payment in the Year, (that is to say), the Fifth Day of July, the Tenth Day of October, the Fifth Day of January, and the Fifth Day of April in each and every Year; and also that it shall and may be lawful to and for The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by Letters Patent under the Great Seal of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, to give and grant unto Her said Serene Highness Mary Louisa Victoria Princess of Leiningen, when (he shall become Duchess of Kent, or to such other Person or Persons as His Majesty shall think fit to be named in such Letters Patent, and his or their Heirs, to the Use of or in Trud for Her said Serene Highness, an Annuity of Six thousand Pounds of like lawful Money, which shall have Commencement and take effect immediately from and after the Decease of His said Royal Highness the Duke of Kent, in case Her said Serene Highness shall survive him, and shall continue from thenceforth for and during the natural Life of Her said Serene Highness, and shall be paid and payable in equal Portions at the Four Days of Payment hereinbefore mentioned; the Fird Payment thereof to be made at such of the said Days of Payment as shall fird and next happen after the Decease of His said Royal Highness the Duke of Kent, in case Her said Serene Highness shall survive him as aforesaid; and that the said several Annuities shall and may in and by such Letters Patent be directed to be respectively issuing and payable out of and chargeable upon the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, (after paying or referring sufficient to pay all such Sums as have been directed to be paid out of the fame by any Act or Acts of Parliament made previous to the time of passing this Act, ) but with preference to all other Payments which shall or may at any time or times after the passing of this Act be charged upon and payable out of the said Fund.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said several Annuities, as the same shall take effect, shall be paid and payable during the Continuance of the fame respectively at the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster; and the Auditor of the said Receipt shall and he is hereby required by virtue of such Letters Patent respectively to make forth and pass Debentures from time to time for paying the said several Annuities during the Continuance of the fame respectively, and as the same shall become due and payable, without any Fees or Charges to be demanded or taken for paying the fame, or any Part thereof; and the said Debentures to be made forth and passed as aforesaid shall be a sufficient Authority to the several and respective Officers of the Receipt of the Exchequer now and for the time being for the Payment of the said several Annuities, as the same shall take effect, according to the Directions of this Act, without any further or other Warrant to be sued for, had or obtained in that behalf.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said several Annuities, and every Part thereof respectively, shall be free and dear from all Taxes, Rates and Assessments, and all other Charges whatever, imposed or to be impose.d by Authority of Parliament or ptherwifer

CAP. LIV.

An Act to grant certain Rates, Duties and Taxdfc in Ireland, in respect of Fire Hearths, Windows, Male Servants, Horses, Carriages and Dogs, in lieu of former Rates, Duties and Taxes thereon; and to provide for the Payment thereof to the Collectors of Excise; and for the more effectual accounting for the fame. [id June 1818.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to repeal the several Rates, Duties and Taxes payable in Ireland in respe§ W of Fire Hearths, Windows, Male Servants and other Male Persons, Carriages, Horses and Dogs, granted by an Act of Parliament made in the Fifty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to grant certain Rates, Duties and Taxes, in Ireland in respect of Fire Hearths, Windows, Male Servants, Horses, Carriages and Dogs, in lieu of former Rates, Duties and Taxes, and to provide for the*'*more

A.D. 1818. 58° GEORGII III. c. 54. 471

more effectual Collection of the feud Rates, Duties and Taxes, and to grant other Rates, Duties and Taxes in

' lieu thereof, 'and to provide for the regulating and securing the Collection of all such Rates, Dyties and

' Taxes Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and

Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and The Rates on

eighteen, the several Rates, Duties and Taxes on Fire Hearths, Windows, Male Servants and other Male Fire Hearths,

Persons, Carriages, Horses and Dogs, granted in and by the hereinbefore recited Act, and all Regulations Wind*»&c- '

and Directions contained in or made by the said Act, shall cease and determine, and shall be and the same are Arrears for!*

hereby repealed, except so far as the said Act repeals any former Act or Acts, and except also so far as the said recited Act relates to the charging, recovering, levying, paying, allowing, repaying or accounting for any Rates, Duties and Taxes or Arrears thereof, due or incurred on or previous to the said Fifth Day of January

One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, save as herein after otherwise is provided for the Payment and

Collection of the fame, and also except so far as may concern or relate to the prosecuting, suing for and

recovering of any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture for any Offence against the said Act, or for any Offence

against any Act or Acts relating to the said Rates, Duties and Taxes, or any of them, which shall have been

or shall be committed on or before the said Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and eighteen,

and except so far as relates to any Suit or Proceeding which may have been commenced or instituted, or shall be commenced or instituted at any time after the said Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and

eighteen, and before the passing of this Act, for or in respect of, or relating to any such Rates, Duties and

Taxes; and which said Suits or Proceedings shall and may be proceeded on to Judgment and Execution to

all Intents and Purposes as if the said Act had not been repealed and determined.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred The Duties and: eighteen, there shall be levied, raised, collected, paid and satisfied unto His Majesty, His Heirs and Specified in Successors, upon and in respect of the several Fire Hearths or other Places for Firing or Stoves, Windows or Jj^tobe0" Lights, Male Servants or other Male Persons, Horses, Mares, Geldings, Carriages and Dogs specified, ° described and cQntained in the several Schedules marked A., B., C., D., E., F., G., H. and I. respectively to this Act annexed, the several Amounts, Sums, of Money, Rates, Duties and Taxes as they are respectively described and set forth in the said respective Schedules 5 and that the said several Schedules, and all and every the Rules, Regulations, Exceptions, Exemptions and Abatements therein respectively specified and contained,

shall be deemed and taken to be a Part of this Act to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and the said Rates,

Duties and Taxes shall be in lieu and in (lead and in full Satisfaction of all Rates, Duties and Taxes granted by any former Act or Acts of Parliament upon and in respect of the like Articles, matters and things, except such Rates, Duties and Taxes as have been imposed for certain local Purposes in Ireland by any Act or Acts of Parliament.

III. Provided always and be it enacted, That every Assessment and Charge, of the Rates, Duties Assessments and and Taxes, in respect of Fire Hearths and other Firing Places or Stoves, and of Windows or Lights, Male Proceedings Servants and other Male Persons, Horses, Mares, Geldings, Carriages and Dogs, or of any of them, whichhcreon> In*je shall have been made, and also every Act or Acts which shall have been done or performed by any Officer or t* other Person appointed by or acting under the Orders or Directions of the Commissioners of Inland Excise

and Taxes in Ireland, in relation to the fame, at any time since the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, and before the passing of this Act, pursuant to the Regulations and Provisions of the said Act hereinbefore recited and repealed, shall be and the fame is and are hereby declared to be good, valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all Rates, Duties and Taxes by this Act and the several Schedules Duties pud in hereunto annexed, granted and made payable, shall be paid and payable and received and receivable in British Britishi Cur. Currency; and that all and every the said Rates, Duties and Taxes, the necessary Charges of raising and reiM7*, andc accounting for the fame being deduded, shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of the ror, dated°Fund" United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Officer or Officers, or other Person Officers may who now is or are or hereafter shall be appointed by or acting under the Orders and Directions of the Com- enter Houses to missioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, for the charging, a (Telling, collecting or superintending the

charging, afieffing or Collection of the said Rates, Duties and Taxes, or any of them, at any time in the Hearthiand Day time between the Hours of Eight of the Clock in the Forenoon and Sunset, to enter into any House, Windows, and into every Outhouse, Office and Edifice appertaining or belonging thereto, and into the feveraf Apart-mentrand Places therein, and to take Information, from his own View and Survey, of the Number of Fire Hearths, and other Places for Firing and Stoves therein, and also of the Number of Windows or Lights therein; and such House, Office or Edifice shall be charged accordingly with the Rates, Duties and Taxes in respect of the Number of Fire Hearths and other Places for Firing or Stoves, and of Windows or Lights therein; and if any such Officer or Officers, or other Person authorized as aforesaid, shall not, on Demand of If Admittance Entrance by knocking or otherwise, obtain Admittance into any such Hoyfe, Outhouse, Office or Edifice, or be not obtained, after Admittance shall not be suffered to enter into all and every the Apartments and other Places therein Officers to leave respectively, it shall and may be lawful for such Officer, or other Person authorized as aforesaid, and he is tendTng^t3#" required to leave a Notice at such House with any Person resident therein above the Age of Sixteen Years, certain Day and setting forth, that such Officer or other Person authorized as aforesaid, will attend at such House at a certain Hour.

Day and Hour to be specified in such Notice, such Hour to be within the Hours of Eight of the Clock in the Forenoon and Four of the Clock in the Afternoon, and requiring to be admitted into such House, Outhouse,

Office or Edifice, and into every Apartment and Place therein respectively; and if such Officer or other Person

472 C. 54* 58° GEORGII III. A.D. 1818.

Refuting Admittance, after such Notice, Penalty soL

Proviso if to Person appears to receive Notice.

Penalty aol. Admittance to any Apartment (except the Kitchen or Out-house) may be refused, if a Charge for One Hearth, and Three Windows he allowed by Occupier.

But when it can be ascertained, without Entry, Charge only made for actual Number.

Owner of House let in different Apartments, deemed Occupier.

Rates may be levied on Goods of Occupier.

Rates to he

charged for the whole Year, for such Number of Hearths and Windows us shall be in the House on the 6th January, and all additional ones.

Evading Rate, by (lopping up Fire Places or Windows. Penalty lot

What shall be deemtd a (lopping up of Fir* Places or Windows.

Notice to be affixed on the Church Doors, &c. of every Parish, requiring Persons to deliver an Account of the Carriages, Servants, and

Pferson authorized as aforesaid frail not at the time mentioned in such Notice obtain Admittance into such House, Outhouse* Office or Edifice, and into every Apartment a»d Place therein into which he frail require to be admitted, the Occupier of such House, or the Person deemed the Occupier within the Provisions of this Act, as the case may be, frail for each Offence forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds j and if no Person frail appear at such House, Outhouse, Office or Edifice, from whom such Officer or other Person as aforesaid can make Demand of Entrance, or on whom such Notice can be served, then such Officer or other Person as aforesaid frail and he is required to post such Notice as aforesaid on the Door of such House, Outhouse, Office or Edifice; and if such Officer or other Person as aforesaid frail not at the time mentioned in such' Notice be admitted into such House, Outhouse, Office or Edifice, and into every Apartment and Place therein, then the Occupier or Person deemed the Occupier thereof frail forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Occupier of every such House, or any Person who frail attend such Officer or other Person authorized as aforesaid upon such Surrey, may refuse to permit such Officer or other Person to be admitted into any Room or Apartment, except the fame be a Kitchen or a Room in an Outhouse, provided that such Occupier or Person who frail so attend frail consent that the Tax in respect of One Fire Hearth and of Three Windows frail be charged for such Room or Apartment, and in such case every such Officer or other Person authorized as aforesaid frail accordingly charge such House with the Tax for One Fire Hearth and Three Windows for every such Room or Apartment, and no more, unless it frail be ascertained by such Officer or other Person authorized as aforesaid, without entering into such Room or Apartment, that the fame contains a greater number of Fire Hearths, Firing Places or Stoves than One, ora greater Number of Windows or Lights than Three; and such Tax frail be paid accordingly: Provided always, that if it frail be ascertained by such Officer or other Person authorized as aforesaid, without entering into such Room or Apartment; that the feme does not contain any Fire Hearth or Firing Place or Stove, or contains any less- Number of Windows or Lights than Three* every such Officer or other Person authorized as aforesaid frail not charge such House with the Tax for any Fire Hearth or Firing Place or Stove for any such Room or Apartment, nor with any Tax for any greater Number of Windows than frail be actually contained in any such Room or Apartment, as the case may require

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That where any House or any Part! thereof is or fraU be let in different Apartments to any Person or Persons, the Owner of such House so letting the fame, or for whose Benefit such Letting is made, frail be deemed the Occupier thereof, and frail be charged with and be liable to pay the Rates, Duties and Taxes in respect of the Fire Hearths and Stoves or other Fire Places, and of the Windows or Lights in such House, with every Outhouse, Office or Edifice appertaining thereto*

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Rates, Duties and Taxes on Fire Hearths, Firing Places and Stoves, and on Windows or Lights, frail be charged on and payable by the Occupiers of such Houses respectively, or the Persons having the Right to occupy the fame respectively, and frail and may be levied at any time by Diflrcfs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Occupier or Person haying the Right aforesaid, during whose Occupancy or Right thereto, such Rates, Duties or Taxes frail have been or frail be incurred; and that any Arrearof such Rates, Duties and Taxes, - not exceeding One Yearns Amount, exclusive of the Rates, Duties and Taxes of the current Year in which a Dill refs frail be made, and no more, frail and may be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of any subsequent Occupier of such House.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Rates, Duties and Taxes in respect of Fire Hearths or other Fire Places and Stoves, and Windows or Lights, frail be charged Yearly and every Year for the whole Year, commencing on the Sixth Day of January, for such Number of Fire Hearths, or other Fire Places and Stoves, and Windows or Lights, as frail on the Sixth Day of January in any such Year be in any House, or m any such Outhouse, Office or Edifice appertaining or belonging thereto, and also for any and every additional Fire Hearth or other Place for Firing, or Stove, and Window or Light, which at any time after the Sixth Day of January, in any such Year frail be in or be made or opened in any such House, or in any such Outhouse, Office or Edifice; and if any Person at any time after the Fifth Day of January in any such Year, and in order to evade the Payment of the Duty with which the same are chargeable by Law* frail flop up or in any manner cover or conceal any Hearth, Fire Place or Stove, or any Window or Light, chargeable with the said Rate, Duty or Tax* every such Person shall forfeit and pay Ten Pounds, and mail be charged and afieffed for the like Duty or Tax as if such Hearth or Window had not been flopped: Provided always, that the flopping up, covering or concealing any Hearth, Fire Place or Stove, or any Window or Light, shall in every Case be deemed to have taken place after such Sixth Day of January, unless the contrary frail be proved by the Party who frail be sued for such Penalty and Forfeiture.

X. And be it further enacted, That no Hearth, Fire Place, Stove, Window or Light frail be deemed ta be flopped up, so as to be discharged from the Rates and Duties payable on the fame from and after the Fifth Day of January next ensuing the time of such flopping up, unless such Hearth, Fire Place or Stove be built up with Stones or Bricks ana Mortar made with Lime, so as thereby to be wholly unfit for Use or such Window or Light be wholly flopped up with the like Materials as the Wall or Roof- adjoining thereto respectively is composed of.

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for every such Officer or other Person authorized as aforesaid, and such Officer or other Person so authorized frail and is hereby required, once in every Year, or oftener if necessary, between the Fifth Day of January and the Fifth Day of July in every Year, to affix or cause to be affixed to the Doors of the Church or Chapel, or Market House, or Public School House (if any such there shall be) of every Parish or Place within the respective Walks or Divisioo* of such Officer or other Person authorized as aforesaid, or in such of the Parifres or Places as shall be prescribed and directed by the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or any Three of them, and if any Parish or Place shall not have a Church or Chapel, Market House or Public School House, then on the

7 Doors

A.D. 1818.

58° GEORGII III. C. 54.

Doors of the Church or Chapel or Market House of the nearest or adjoining Parish, a general Notice, signed by such Officer or other Person in such Form as shall have been or shall be directed by the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, requiring that every Person residing in the said Parish or Place liable to the said Rates, Duties or Taxes, or any of them, shall make out and deliver an Account of every Hearth, Firing Place or Stove, and Windows or Lights, Carriage, Servant or: other Male Person, Horse, Mare or Gelding, and Dog, had, kept, used, retained or employed by such Person at any time after the Fifth Day of January next preceding the Date of such Notice, directed to or for the said Officer, or to or for the said Person authorised as aforesaid, at some House or Place to be specified in such Notice, within Twenty one Days next after the Date of such Notice; and such general Notice shall from time to time when the same shall be affixed be deemed a Requisition or Demand upon every Person within such Parish or Place to deliver such Account within the said Space of Twenty one Days accordingly; and if any Person in such Parish or Place shall neglect or refuse to make out and deliver such Account at the House or Place mentioned in such Notice, directed in manner aforesaid, within the said Space of Twenty one; Days, or shall make or deliver any undue or false Account, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and every Person shall be liable to such Penalty for not complying with such general Notice, whether any particular Notice requiring any such Account shall have been delivered or left to or for such Person or not; and any Person who shall wilfully tear, deface or obliterate any such Notice so affixed, shall forfeit for every such Offence a Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, nor less than Five Pounds, at the Discretion of the Court or Juffice before whom such Person shall be convicted of such Offence.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That whether such general Notice shall be given and affixed or not as aforesaid, such Officer or Person authorized as aforesaid shall give to every Person in his Walk, Division or District, liable or supposed to be liable to the Rates, Duties and Taxes on Hearths, Fire Places or Stoves, Windows or Xights, or any Carriage, Male Servant or other Male Person, Horse, Mare, Gelding and Dog, or any of them, and shall leave or cause to be left at the last or usual Place of Abode of such Person a particular Notice, requiring such Person to deliver such Account, and such Person shall and is hereby required to deliver the fame within Ten Days next after such Notice shall be given or left as aforesaid j and if any Person shall make Default in delivering such Account within such Ten Days, or shall make or deliver any undue or false Account, every such Person for every such Offence shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and every such Person shall be liable to the said Penalties for not complying with such Notice, whether any such general Notice as aforesaid shall have been given or affixed as aforesaid or not: Provided always, that any Person who shall deliver such Account as shall be required by such general Notice shall not be bound to deliver such Account aa shall be required by any particular Notice, nor shall be subject to any Penalty for not complying with the fame; and any Person who shall deliver any such Account as shall be required by any particular Notice shall not be bound to deliver such Account as shall be required by any general Notice, nor shall be subject to any Penalty for not complying with any general Notice.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That every Person in Ireland occupying or having the Right to occupy any House in which, with any Outhouse, Office or Edifice appertaining or belonging thereto, there shall be zf. any time after the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, or after the Fifth Day of January in any subsequent Year, Four or more Hearths or Places for firing or Stoves, or Seven or more Windows or Lights, and that every Person in Ireland having, keeping, uling, retaining or employing or having had, kept, used, retained or employed, after the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, or after the Fifth Day of January in any subsequent Year, any Carriage with Four Wheels, or any Carriage with less than Four Wheels, or any Male Servant, or other Male Person, or any Horse, Mare or Gelding, or any Dog, upon or in respect of whom or which any Rate, Duty or Tax is or may be chargeable by Law, shall from time to time, upon Demand made by the proper Officer or any other Person authorized thereto, or within Ten Days next after a Notice shall be served or left at the usual Place of Residence of such Person respectively, deliver to such Officer or Person so authorized, or at such Place as shall be mentioned in such Notice, a true Account in Writing, under his or her Hand, of every Hearth or Place for Firing, or Stove or Window or Light, in any such House, Outhouse, Office or Edifice, and of every such Carriage, and of every such Male Servant or other Male Person, and of every such Horse, Mare and Gelding, and of every such Dog, which any such Person shall or may have had, kept, used, retained or employed, or shall or may have, keep, use, retain or employ, at any time after the said Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, or at any time after the Fifth Day of January in any subsequent Year 5 and which laid Account shall contain the Name and Surname of such Person, the Name of his or her Residence or Place of Abode at the time of delivering such Account, and of the Place, Parish, Barony, City, Town and County, as the Case may be, in which such Residence is situate, and the greatest Number of Fire Hearths or Places for Firing or Stoves, and of Windows or Lights respectively, which were in his or her House, with every such Outhouse, Office or Edifice appertaining or belonging thereto, on the Sixth Day of January then next preceding the Delivery of such Account, or between the said Day and the time of delivering the said Account, and shall set forth the whole Number of Carriages, Male Servants or other Male Persons, Horses, Mares, Geldings and Dogs, kept or used, retained or employed by such Person at his or her said Residence, or at any other Place or Places in Ireland, in order that such Person may be charged for the fame according to the Rate chargeable on the greatest Number kept or used, retained or employed in the whole, and shall also, if such Per ion shall so keep, use, retain or employ any Carriage, Male Servant or other Male Person, Horse, Mare or Gelding or Dog, in more Places than One in Ireland as aforesaid, set forth in what Place such Person desires to be so charged, and the Excise District in which such Person intends to pay for the fame; and every Account by this Act required shall set forth the Description of every such Carriage and the 58 Geo. III. 3 P Name

473

Horses, See. kept by them.

Neglecting to deliver such Account. Penalty aol.

Defacing Notice Penalty aol.

Notice to be left at Dwelling Houses, whether general Notice is affixed or not.

Default in not giving Account, or giving false Account.

Penalty aol. Proviso for Persons delivering Accounts on general and particular Notices.

Persons keeping Houses with Four or more Hearths and Seven or more Windows, and also Carriages, Servants, Horses and Dogs, to deliver an Account thereof, when required.

What Particulars such Account is to contain in the l'several cases herein specified.

474

NegledVing, Sec. Co deliver such Account, &c. Delivering false Account, Sec.

Penalty aol. What shall be Evidence of false Account.

Penalty aol. Grounds of Ex* crnj tion from the Duty to be declared in, or annexed to Account.

Onus Probandi on Per Ton claiming Exemption. Personsonwhom Notice served, keeping no Carriages, See. to sign a Declaration that they do not.

Penalty aol.

In case of Absence of Persons liable, their Agents or Servants may make and deliver Accounts.

C. 54. 58° GEORGII III. A.D. 1818.

Name and Surname of every such Servant or other Male Person, and the Capacity in which such Servant or other Male Person was, is or shall be or shall have been retained or employed, and the Kind and Description of every such Dog, and the Uses and Purposes for which every such Horse, Mare or Gelding was or is or shall be kept or used; and such Account shall also specify the Places, and the Parish, Barony, County, Town or City in which such Places shall be situate, where eadi such Carriage, Male Servant or other Male Person, Horle, Mare, Gelding or Dog, shall be at the time of the Delivery of such Account; and from time to time, as often as any Person shall begin to keep or have any Carriage, or to retain or to employ any Male Servant or other Male Person, or to keep or use any Horse, Mare or Gelding or Dog, and also from time to time as often as any additional Hearth, Fire Place, Stove or Window or Light, shall be made or opened or restored, and also from time to time as often as any Person shall keep or have any additional Carnage, or shall retain or employ any additional Servant or other Male Person, or shall keep or use any additional Horse, Mare or Gelding or any additional Dog, beyond the Number of the fame respectively expressed in any such respective Account so delivered by such Person, then and in every such Case every such Person respectively, whether any Demand shall have been made or any Notice served on such Person or not, shall within Fourteen Days next after such additional Hearth, Fire Place or Stove or Window or Light, shall be made or opened or restored, or such Carriage or additional Carriage shall be kept or come into the Possession of such Person, or after any Male Servant or other Male Person, or additional Male Servant or other Male Person, shall be retained or employed, or any Horse, Mare or Gelding or Dog, or additional Horse, Mare or Gelding or Dog, shall be kept or used by such Person, deliver at the Excise Office of the District a like Account of every such Hearth, Fire place and Stove, and Window or Light, and of every such Carriage, Servant or other Male Person, Horse, Mare or Gelding or Dog, and of every such additional Carriage, Male Servant or other Male Person, Horse, Mare or Gelding or Dog, as the Case may be.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That iF any such Person shall neglect or refuse to deliver, within the respective times and in manner required by this Act, any such Account as is by this A6i before required, or shall make or deliver any false Account of the Matters and things required by this Act or any of them; or if at any time any such Person shall have or keep any greater Number of Hearths, Fire places or Stoves or Windows or Lights, or shall have or keep, retain or employ or use any greater Number of Carriages or Servants, or other Male Persons or Horses, Mares or Geldings or Dogs, being respectively liable to Duty, than shall be expressed and mentioned in any Account delivered by or on behalf of such Person, or shall keep, retain, employ or use any Carriage, Servant, Male Person, Horse, Mare or Gelding or Dog, respectively liable to Duty, not expressed or mentioned in such Account, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds 5 and if at any time any greater Number of Hearths, Fire places or Stoves or Windows or Lignts shall be discovered in any House or in any Outhouse, Office or Edifice, appertaining or belonging thereto, than the Numbers resptedively expressed in such Account, such Discovery shall be taken and received a3 sufficient Proof of a false Account, unless due Proof be made by such Person that the Hearth, Fire place or Stove, Window or Light, or Hearths, Fire Places or Stoves or Windows or Lights, so exceeding, had been made dr opened within Fourteen Days next previous to such Discovery; and it any Person shall neglect or refuse to set forth any of such Particulars as is hereby required in such Account, such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XV. And be it further enacted, That every Person required to make or deliver any Account under the Provisions of this Act, and claiming to be within any of the Exemptions allowed by Law from any of the said Rates, Duties and Taxes, or claiming to be entitled to any Abatement of the fame, shall make a due Return of such Claim, and declare the Cause or Grounds of such Exemption or Abatement, and such Declaration shall be specified in or annexed to the Account to be by such Person delivered; and if any Dispute or Difference shall in any Instance arise, whether the Person be entitled to such Exemption or Abatement, the Proof thereof, and of the Circumstances of such Exemption or Abatement, shall lie on the Person claiming such Exemption or Abatement, and not on the Officer charging or assessing such Rates and Taxes.

XVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Person upon whom any such Notice shall be served to return any Account of Carriages, Male Servants or other Male Persons, Horses, Mares, Geldings and Dogs, or any of them, shall not, on the sixth Day of January preceding the serving of such Notice, have had, kept, retained, used or employed any Carriage or any Male Servant or other Male Person, or any Horse, Mare or Gelding or any Dog, or shall not between that Day and the time of the Service of such Notice have had, kept, retained, used or employed any Carriage or any Male Servant or other Male Person, or any Horse, Mare or Gelding or any Dog, every such Person shall nevertheless make and deliver at such Place as shall be mentioned in such Notice, a Declaration in Writing subscribetj by such Person, setting forth that such Person had not on the Sixth Day of January preceding the Service of such Notice, nor at any time between the said Day and the time of the Service of such Notice, had, kept, retained, used or employed any Carriage or any Male Servant or other Male Person, or any Horse, Mare or Gelding or any Dog 5 and if any such Person shall neglect or omit to make and deliver such Declaration within Ten Days next after the Service of such Notice, every such Person shall for every such Neglect or Omission forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person occupying or owning any House subject to any Rate, Duty or Tax, iu respect of Fire Hearths, Fire Places or Stoves or Windows or Lights, or having, keeping, uung, retaining or employing any Carriage, or any Male Servant or other Male Person, or any Horle, Mare, Gelding, or any Dog, upon or in respect of which any Rate, Duty or Tax is or may be payable as aforesaid, shall be absent from the Place of his or her Abode at the time of the Service or affixing of such Notice requiring such Account as aforesaid, then an Account of the Fire Hearths and Windows in any House belonging to such Person, and of any and every Carriage or Male Servant or other Male Person, or Horse,

14 Mare,

A.D. 1818. 58° GEORGII III. C. 54.

Mare, or Gelding or Dog, had, kept, used, retained or employed by such Person, made out and subscribed by the Agent, Steward, Housekeeper or Servant of such Person so absent, and delivered as aforesaid, shall be to all Intents and Purposes of the fame Effect as if such Account were made out and subscribed and delivered by the Person owning or occupying such House or having, keeping, using, retaining or employing any such Carriage, Male Servant or other Male Person, Horse, Mare, Gelding or Dog respectively, as the ca(e may be; and in case such Account shall be a false Account, the fame mall subject such Occupier, Owner or Person having, keeping, using, retaining or employing such Carriage, Male Servant or other Male Person, Horse, Mare, Gelding or Dog respectively, to the like Payments and Penalties as if the fame had been made and subscribed by any such Person respectively.

XVIII. And Whereas Difficulties may arise in discovering Lodgers or Inmates liable to pay the said Rates, Duties and Taxes in respect of Carriages, Male Servants and other Male Persons, Horses, Mares, Geldings and Dogs; Be it therefore enacted, That everjr Person in whose House any Lodger or Inmate shall reside, shall deliver to any such Officer or other Penon authorized as aforesaid, on Demand, or within Ten Days after Notice in Writing shall be for that Purpose served or left at the House of such Person, a true Account in Writing under the Hand of such Person, expressing the Name and Surname of every such Lodger or Inmate, with an Account of every Carriage, Male Servant or other Male Person, Horse, Mare, Gelding or Dog, kept, retained, employed or used by such Lodger or Inmate, to the belt of the Knowledge and Information of such Person 5 and for the Purpose of making out such Account, every such Person shall cause the Contents of the Notice left at such House to be read over and made known to each and every such Lodger or Inmate, and shall require every such Lodger or Inmate respectively to declare whether such Lodger or Inmate had kept, retained, employed or used, on the Sixth Day of January preceding such Notice, or at any time after the said Sixth Day of January, any Carriage, Male Servant or other Male Person, Horse, Mare, Gelding or Dog, and the Number and Kind or Description of the fame respectively, and whether such Lodger or Inmate hath another Place of ordinary Residence where he or she intends to be charged; and every such Lodger or Inmate, being thereunto required, shall be obliged to make such Declaration, and to attest the Lift or Account thereof by his or her Signature; and if any such Person, in whose House such Lodger or Inmate shall reside, shall neglect or refuse to require such Declaration from such Lodger or Inmate, or to deliver such Account as aforesaid in consequence of such Declaration, or shall wilfully omit or misrepresent any Declaration made by such Lodger or Inmate, or shall make or deliver any untrue Account thereof, or if any such Lodger or Inmate shall neglect or refuse to make such Declaration, or to attest the said Account, or shall make any untrue Declaration or attest any untrue Account, every such Person and every such Lodger or Inmate shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That no such officer or other Person authorized as aforesaid, shall be bound by any Account which shall be delivered to them respectively, by or on behalf of any Person liable to any Duties granted by this Act; but such Officer or other Person shall be and is hereby authorized and required, if he shall find upon due Examination that any Person, Description, Article, matter or thing, which ought to be contained in such Account, is or are omitted or untruly stated therein, to make a true Assessment upon every such Person, according to the Intent and meaning of this Act, of the real Charge which ought to be imposed on such Person.

XX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall neglect or refuse to make out, sign and deliver any such Account as is in this Act directed, within the respective times in this Act mentioned, then the Officer or other Person authorized as aforesaid shall, according to the Assessment (if any) made on such Person for the Year next immediately preceding, or from the bell Information he can obtain, make an Assessment or Charge upon such Person of the said Rates and Taxes, for and in respect of the Hearths, Fire Places or Stoves, Windows or Lights, in the House of such Person, with every such Outhouse, Office or Edifice appertaining or belonging thereto as aforesaid, and for and in respect of every Male Servant or other Male Person, Carriage, Horse, Mare, Gelding or Dog, kept, used, retained or employed by him or her as aforesaid, as the case may be; and every such Assessment and Charge so made upon any such Neglect or Refusal shall be final and eonclusive, unless appealed from as herein after provided.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Person shall, at any time after the Expiration of One Calendar Month next after the passing of this Act* flop up any Hearth, Firing Place, or Stove or Window or Light, in respect of which such Person shall be charged or chargeable with any Rate, Duty or Tax, every such Person shall, within Twenty Days next after any such Hearth, Firing Place, or Stove or Window or Light, shall be (topped up, deliver or cause to be delivered at the Excise Office of the District in which such Person shall reside, or to any Officer who shall be employed in charging or assessing the said Rates, Duties or Taxes within the District in which such Person shall reside, a Notice in Writing, signed with the Name of such Person, of the (topping of the fame, dating the time of the (topping thereof, and describing the Place, whether Dwelling House, Outhouse, Office or other Edifice in which such Hearth, Firing Place or Stove, or Window or Light had been situated; and every Person who, at any time after the Expiration of One Calendar Month next alter the passing of this Act, shall cease to retain or employ, have, keep or use, any Male Servant or other Male Person or any Carriage, Horse, Mare, Gelding or Dog, for or in respect of whom or of which any Rate, Duty or Tax is or shall be charged or chargeable on such Person, and shall not retain or employ, have, keep or use any other Male Servant or other Male Person, or any other Carriage, or any other Horse, Mare or Gelding, or any other Dog, liable to Duty in the Place or Stead of such Male Servant or other Male Person, Carriage, Horse, Mare, Gelding or Dog, which such Person shall have so ceased to retain, employ, have, keep or use, every such Person shall, within Twenty Days next after he or she shall .cease to retain or employ, have, keep or use, such Male Servant or other Male Person, Carriage, Horse, Mare,

3 P 2 Gelding

475

Such Account being false binding on the Principal.

Owners of Houses to give an Account of the Carriages, &c. kept by Lodgers.

Notice to be made known to Lodgers.

Who on being required on to make Declaration and sign Lift, &c.

Penalty 20l. Officers not bound by any Account delivered which proves defective.

How Officers are to make A MV Aments, where Accounts are negledicd to be delivered.

After flopping up Hearths, &c. Norice to be given at the Excise Office, within 20 Days.

The like on ceasing to keep any Servant, Carriage, Horse, &c.

47 6 C. 54.

58° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1818.

Where Persons omit to deliver such Accounts, or to give Notice of (lopping up, or ceasing to retain, they shall be charged for the Year in which the previous Assessment had been made, &c.

Officers to give Notice of Assessments, fetring forth the time and Place of Payment.

Such Notice a sufficient Demand of Rates unless Appeal. Place of Payment not to be more than Ten Miles.

Regulations for Payment within Five Miles where practicable.

If exceeding a greater Distance, Rates shall be collected at the Dwelling House.

If Payment then made, no liability to is. in the Pound or Expences.

In Default of

Payment,

Distrta

Gelding or Dog, deliver or cause to be delivered a like Notice thereof in Writing at the Excise Office of the District in which such Person shall reside, or to such Officer who shall be employed as aforesaid, describing in every such Notice every such Male Servant or other Male Person by his proper Name, and the Capacity in which such Male Servant or other Male Person shall have been retained or-employed, and the time when such Male Servant or other Male Person had ceased to be so retained or employed, and also describing every such Carriage by its usual Name and Description, distinguishing the Number of Bodies used with each such Carriage, and of the Wheels belonging to each such Carriage, and if less than Four Wheels, the Number of Horses used in drawing the fame, and also describing the Uses and Purposes for which every such horse, Mare or Gelding shall have been kept or used, and setting forth the Kind or Description of every such Dog; and every such Notice shall also set forth the Name, Addition and Place of Abode of the Person to whom such Carriage, Horse, Mare, Gelding or Dog shall be parted with, sold or disposed of, and the Day of the Month and Year when the fame were respectively parted with, sold or disposed of.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That in every case where any Person shall in the Year beginning the Sixth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, or in any subsequent Year beginning on the Sixth Day of January, omit or neglect to deliver or cause to be delivered any Account which such Person is by this Act required to deliver, of Hearths, Firing Places and Stoves, Windows or Lights, and of Male Servants or other Male Persons, Horses, Mares, Geldings or Dogs, had, kept, used, retained or employed by such Person, and shall also have neglected to deliver or cause to be delivered, pursuant to this Act, any Notice of the flopping up of any Hearth, Firing Place or Stove, or Window or Light, or of the ceasing to retain or employ, have, keep or use, any Male Servant or other Male Person, or any Carriage, Horse, Mare or Gelding or Dog, then and in such case every such Person shall be deemed to continue to have, keep, use, retain or employ, after the Fifth Day of January in any such Year, a Number of Fire Hearths, Firing Places and Stoves, Windows and Lights, Male Servants or other Male Persons, Carriages, Horses, Mares, (Seldings or Dogs, as the case may be, at least equal to the Number of the fame respectively charged or assessed against such Person for the Year in which the last previous Assessment had been made against such Person; and every such Person so making Default shall be chargeable and charged at the least with such Sum as the Rates, Duties and Taxes payable for the Year in which such Account and Notice shall not have been delivered would have amounted unto in respect of the Nuiqber of Fire Hearths, Firing Places or Stoves, Windows or Lights, Carriages, Male Servants or other Male Persons, Horses, Mares, Geldings and Dogs respectively appearing to have been charged as aforesaid for the Year in which such last Assessment shall have been made against such Person, and every such Person shall be liable to and shall pay the same, and it shall and may be lawful to collect, levy and recover the fame in the like manner and with the like Powers, Authorities, Remedies and Modes of Recovery thereof, aB are provided by this Act for the collecting, levying and recovering any Rate, Duty or Tax under this Act.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That every Officer or Person authorized as aforesaid, who shall charge or aftefsthe said Rates, Duties and Taxes, or any of them, shall, and such Officer or Person is hereby required, upon making any Assessment, or as soon after as conveniently can be done, to give or cause to be given to every Person who shall be so assessed, or leave or cause to be left at his or her last or usual Place of Abode, in the District where such Assessment shall be made, a Notice of the Assessment made against such Person, and of the Amount for which he or she shall have been charged by virtue thereof; and every such Notice shall also set forth the time when, and Place where the Rates, Duties and Taxes so assessed against such Person shall be paid and received, and shall require such Person to pay the same at such time and Place accordingly 5 and every luqh Notice shall be deemed and taken to be a sufficient Demand on such Person for Payment of the said Rates, Duties and Taxes, unless an Appeal against the Assessment of the same shall be made within the time and in the manner prescribed by this Act: Provided always nevertheless, that no Person shall be compelled or compellable to travel for the making of such Payment of the said Rates and Taxes or any of them, any further or greater Distance than Ten Miles from the Place of his or her Residence or usual Place of Abode.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, and they are hereby required, to make such Rules and Regulations with respect to the Appointment of any Place for the Receipt of such Rates, Duties and Taxes, that no Person shall have Occasion to travel more than Five Miles from their Place of Abode, in all cases where it is practicable so to do.

XXV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in case it shall happen in any lnflance that no Place within the Distance of Ten Miles or Five Miles of the Residence of any Person or Persons liable to the Payment of any of the said Rates, Duties and Taxes shall be appointed, at which the said Rates, Duties and Taxes shall be made payable by such Person or Persons pursuant to the Directions of this Act, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the Collector or Officer in charge of the Collection of the District, or for any Person appointed by such Collector or Officer respectively, at any time after any such Rates, Duties and Taxes shall be assessed upon any such Person or Persons, to demand the Payment of the said Rates, Duties and Taxes, or any of them, or any Instalment thereof, at the Dwelling House of any such Person or Persons liable to the Payment thereof; and if such Person or Persons shall thereupon pay all such Rates, Duties and Taxes, or any of them, or such Instalment thereof as shall be so demanded of him, her or them, fucl\ Person or Persons shall not be liable to the Payment of the Sum of One Shilling in the Pound on the Amount of the said Rates, Duties and Taxes, nor shall be liable to any other Expences whatever relating to the fame; but in case of Refusal or Default in Payment of such Rates, Duties and Taxes upon such Demand, it shall and may be lawful for the said Collector or Officer in charge of the District, or for any Person authorized by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Collector or other Officer, to levy all such Rates, Duties and Taxes, or any of them, or any Instalment thereof, as shall be so demanded, together with all Expences of levying the fame by Distress and

Sale

477

58° GEORGII III. C. 54.

Sale of any Goods or Chattels liable to such Distress, in like manner in all respects as is by this Act directed in case of Default of Payment at any Place or Places to be appointed for that Purpose.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for every Officer or other Person authorized as aforesaid, to surcharge any Person with the Rates, Duties and Taxes by this Act granted, or any of them, beyond the Rates, Duties and Taxes or any of them, with which such Person shall have been previously charged; and such Officer or other Person shall give or cause to be given to the Party surcharged a Notice of such Surcharge, by leaving or causing such Notice to be left at the usual Place of Abode of such Party in the District where such Surcharge shall be made; such Notice to be signed by such Officer or other Person who shall have made such Surcharge, and to contain the Particulars of such Surcharge, and the Amount thereof; and every such Officer or other Person authorized as aforesaid is hereby empowered to make any such Surcharge, at any time during the Year, for the whole of such Year.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall think himself or herself overrated or overcharged by any Assessment or by any Surcharge which shall be made against such Person of the said Rates, Duties and Taxes or any of them, it shall and may be lawful for such Persons respectively, within Ten Days next after Notice of such Assessment or Surcharge (as the Case may be) shall be delivered to such Person, or left at his or her usual Place of Abode, to make his or her Appeal to the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, by leaving or causing to be left, within the time aforesaid, at the Office of the Collector of the District in which such Person shall be assessed or surcharged, a Notice in Writing under his or her Hand, setting forth the Particulars in which the Party appearing thinks himself or herself overrated or overcharged by such Assessment or Surcharge, and a]so the Grounds of his or her Objection to the fame; and every such Collector, or other Officer in Charge of the Collection of such District, is hereby required to endorse on every such Notice of Appeal the Day of the Month and Year when the same shall be received at the Excise Office, and shall also make or cause to be made an Entry in a Book to be kept for that Purpose, of all such Notices; and such Collector or other Officer aforesaid shall without Delay transmit all such Notices to the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland; and every Assessment or Surcharge against which no such Appeal shall be made within the time aforesaid, shall be and the fame is hereby respectively declared to be final and conclusive against the Party so assessed o^ surcharged, unless such Person shall make due Proof on Oath, or if a Quaker an Affirmation, in Substance or to the E fifed following 5 that he or she was not at his or her Dwelling House or Place of Abode at the time of the Delivery of such Notice of such Assessment or Surcharge as the Case may be, nor between that Day and the time limited for making his or her Appeal, and that he or she hath not received or had any Knowledge of any such Notice of such Assessment or Surcharge, or that he or she was disabled by Sickness from making his or her Appeal, or that the Nondelivery of his or her Notice of Appeal was occasioned by some Mistake or Accident, which shall be specified and set forth, without any Intention to defraud the Revenue; and that the Account delivered by him or her is a full, perfect and complete Account of all Matters and things required of him or her by this Act, to the best of his or her Judgment and belief; or unless such Person shall prove such other Excuse for not having delivered such Notice of Appeal within the time herein limited, as the said Commissioners or any Three of them fh£l think reasonable and sufficient 5 and thereupon it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners or any Three of them to enlarge the time for receiving such Appeal.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That upon any Appeal which shall be made pursuant to the Provisions of this Act, the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes shall and they are hereby authorized and required to inquire into the Matter of such Appeal by ordering the same to be investigated by and before any One of such Commissioners, or by and before such Officer or Officers, or other Person or Persons, as the said Commissioners or any Three of them shall for that Purpose appoint 5 and such Commissioner, Officer or Officers, or other Person or Persons, are hereby respectively authorized and required to hear such Appeal, and to examine upon Oath or Affirmation, as the Case may be, as well the Party so appealing as the Officer or other Person who shall have made such Assessment or Surcharge, and also all such Witnesses as shall be produced by either of the said Parties; and thereupon, or upon other due Proof, to report to the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, whether such Commissioner, Officer or Officers, or other Person or Persons so making such Inquiry, is or are of opinion that the Party appealing ought to be relieved or not; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners or any Three of them to make such Order in the Matter as shall appear to them to be just and reasonable; and every such assessment or Surcharge, or so much thereof as shall be confirmed by the said Commissioners or any Three of them, shall stand good, and remain Part of the annual Charge and Assessment against the Party so appealing, who shall forthwith pay the Amount so confirmed; and if, upon the In-veftigation of such Appeal, it shall appear that the Person so appealing is or ought to be further charged to any Amount beyond the Amount contained in such Assessment or Surcharge, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners or any Three of them, to order and direct that such Person shall be further charged or surcharged with and in respect of the Matter or thing, or to the Amount of the Sum omitted, and the Officer or other Person authorized as aforesaid shall charge the fame against such Person, who shall pay the Amount within One Calendar Month next after such further Charge or Surcharge, as the Case may be, shall be made 5 and if any such Person shall make Default in Payment of the Sum, the Assessment or Surcharge whereof shall be confirmed on Appeal as aforesaid as above directed, or in Payment of any such further Charge or Surcharge respectively within the time last aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to collect, levy, and recover the fame in the like manner in every respect, and with the like Remedies, Pdwers and Authorities and Penalties, to all Intents and Purposes, as the Rates, Duties and Taxes mentioned in this Act, or any of them, may be collided, levied or recovered under the Provisions of this Act: Provided always, that the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes shall not upon any such appeal make any Abatement or Defalcation in the Charge made upon any Person

Officers may surcharge on Notice.

Appeal may be made to the Commissioners, by giving Notice to the Collector.

Collector to indorse Notice.

Assessment final, if Appeal be not made within a limited time, unless Oath be made to certain Particulars;

or unless Proof of Excuse for not delivering Notice of Appeal be made. Matter of Appeal to be in-veftigated by Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes.

Commissioners to make Order therein.

Proviso for Surcharge remaining if it appear

478 C. 54.

58° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1818.

by Aflffflinent or by Surcharge, but the Charge or Surcharge shall stand good, and remain Part of the annual Assessment, unless it shall, upon the Hearing of such Appeal, appear that the Appellant had previously deli, wed to some Officer, or Person duly authorized according to the Directions of this Act, a true, perfect and complete Lift, Account, Declaration or Return of all Matters and things required by this Act, or shall produce before the said Commissioner or Officer, who shall investigate the said Appeal, a true, perfeCl and complete Lift, Account, Declaration or Return of all such Matters and things, verified upon the Oath or

Affirmation of the said Appellant, before the Commissioner or Officer who shall investigate the said Appeal.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That in case any Error shall be discovered in confluence of any Duty or greater Amount of Duty having been paid by any Person than ought to have been paid, it shall and may be lawful for such Person, within Twelve Calendar Months after the time when such Rates, Duties or Taxes had been or shall have been paid, and not afterwards, to make his or her Complaint before the said

dcc^if Apjfl^Commissioners °£ Inland Excise and Taxes, who are hereby authorized and required to examine into the

cation be made within 12 Months.

Rates to be assessed for the whole Year, and may be paid by Instalments, or in One Payment.

that Appellant had not delivered to Officer a true Account on Oath.

Errors in the Charge or Payment of Duty may be rectified by Commis-

Rates to be levied by the Collector of Excise.

Payment may be made into Excise Office of District in which party charged.

In Default of Payment, Rates may be levied by Didress, with the further Sum of is. in the Pound.

Proceedings.

Matter of such Complaint; and, upon Proof being made to their Satisfaction, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners or any Three of them to order the same to be repaid out of any of tta Revenues under their Management in their Hands at the time when such Repayment shall be ordered as aforesaid.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That the several Rates, Duties and Taxes hereby granted shall be assessed, charged and levied for the whole Year commencing the Sixth Day of January m each Year, and ending on the Fifth Day of January then next following, and shall be payable and paid on Demand at any time after the same shall be assessed and charged: Provided always, that the said several Rates, Duties and Taxes, or any of them, shall and may be payable and receivable either at one entire Payment, or by such In. ftalments as the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or any Three of them, shall for that Purpose from time to time direCfc and appoint in any DistriCU or Places to be named by such Commissioners, and subject in all Cases to such Orders, Rules, Regulations and Directions with respect thereto, and to the receiving, levying, and collecting of the fame, as the said Commissioners, or any Three of them shall from time to time think fit to make and appoint.

XXXI. And Whereas it is expedient, for the Security of the Revenue, to provide for the better Collection

and Receipt of the Rates, Duties and Taxes by this Act granted, by employing in the collecting, levying

and recovering of the said Rates, Duties and Taxes, the several Collectors of Excise, and other Officer or Officers who shall and may from time to time be in Charge of the Collection of any Duties of Ex- cife in any Excise District fn Ireland; 9 Be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the several Collectors of Excise, and to and for such dther Officer or Officers who mall be in Charge of any Collection as aforesaid, and every such Collector and other Officer or Officers is and are hereby respectively authorized and empowered, to collect, receive, levy and recover the several Rates, Duties and Taxes granted and made payable by this Act, and the several Schedules thereto annexed, or any of them j and that every Person chargeable with and liable to pay the said Rates, Duties and Taxes, or any of them, or any Instalment thereof, shall on Demand made, by such Notice as is by this Act directed to be given, requiring Payment thereof, or of any of them, or of any such Instalment, carry or fend at the time or times and to the Place or Places mentioned and appointed in such Notice for the Receipt and Payment of the fame, and which Place or Places shall be within the Walk in which such Person shall be charged with or assessed for the fame, and shall there pay or cause to be paid to the Collector of such District, or other Officer in Charge as aforesaid, the Amount of the several Rates, Duties and Taxes, or Instalment thereof, which such Person shall be so charge, able with and liable to, and which shall be then payable and in Arrear by such Person: Provided always, that it shall and may be lawful for any Person who shall be charged with or assessed for any of the said Rates, Duties, and Taxes, to pay the Amount thereof, or of any Instalment, into the Excise Office of the District in which such Person shall be so charged or assessed, at any time before the time or times so appointed for Payment thereof, or within ten Days next after the Expiration of such time or times respectively; and the Receipt of such Collector or other Officer in Charge as aforesaid shall be a sufficient Discharge to such Person for such. of the Rates, Duties and Taxes, or any Instalment thereof, which such Person shall so pay; and in default of Payment thereof, or any Part thereof, at the time or times when such Rates, Duties and Taxes, or any Instalment thereof, are made payable and required to be paid by such Person, or into the Excise Office of the Dif-triCi, within Ten Days next after the Expiration of such time or times respectively, it shall and may be lawful for the Collector of such District, or for such Officer in Charge as aforesaid, and such Collector or Officer iff hereby respectively authorized to issue his Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to empower any Person or Persons to levy the said Rates, Duties and Taxes, or any and such of them, and all Arrears thereof, or any Instalment thereof, as shall be then due and in Arrear, and payable by the Person owing the fame, together with a further Sum after the Rate of One Shilling in the Pound on the Amount of the said Rates, Duties and Taxes so due and in Arrear by such Person; and for such Purpose it shall and may be lawful to and for the Person or Persons to whom any such Warrant shall be directed, at any time in the Daytime to make Entry into and upon any House, Offices or other Premises of the Person chargeable with the said Rates, Duties and Taxes, or any of them, or any Instalment thereof so in Arrear, and to levy the same and all Arrears thereof, together with the further Sum after the Rate of One Shilling in the Pound as aforesaid, by Distress and Sale of any Goods and Chattels of the Person chargeable therewith, wherever such Goods and Chattels shall be found, and the Distress so taken to keep for the Space of Four Days, at the Costs and Charges of the Party so making Default of Payment; and if the said Party shall not within the said Four Days pay the respective Sums so due for the said Rates, Duties and Taxes and Arrears, and for the Costs and Charges of such Distress, and for the Removal and Keeping thereof, together with the further Sum of One Shilling in the Pound as aforesaid, the said Distress shall be sold for Payment of the said Sums so due as aforesaid, restoring to the Party the Overplus,

A.D. 1818. 58° GEORGII III. C. 54. 479

plus, if any, of such Money as such Goods shall be sold for over and above the Rates, Duties and Taxes, and Arrears thereof, then due, together with the said farther Sum of One Shilling in the Pound aforesaid, and the necessary and reasonable Costs and Charges of taking such Distress, and of the Removal, Keeping and Sale thereof, which Costs and Charges shall in no Case exceed One fourth Part of the Rates, Duties and Taxes and Arrears so due.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That all Goods and Chattels, to whomsoever belonging, in any House, or in any Outhouse, Office or Edifice thereunto appertaining, in respect whereof the Rates, Duties and Taxes on Hearths, Fire Places and Stoves, and Windows or Lights, or either of them, shall be due and in Arrear, shall be, and such Goods and Chattels are hereby made subject and liable to the Payment of the said Rates, Duties and Taxes on Hearths, Fire Places and Stoves, Windows or Lights and ail Arrears thereof, not exceeding One Year's Amount, exclusive of such Rates, Duties and Taxes of the current Year in which such Distress shall be made 5 and such Goods and Chattels shall also be subject and liable to the Payment of the further Sum of One Shilling in the Pound on the Amount of the said Rates, Duties and Taxes, and to the Payment of the necessary and reasonable Costs and Charges of taking the Distress, and of the Removal, Keeping and Sale thereof, as aforesaid.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That in every Case where any Warrant shall, in default of Payment of the said Rates, Duties and Taxes, or any of them, be issued to levy the same, together with the further Sum of One Shilling in the Pound aforesaid, although no Distress shall actually be made under such Warrant for the Rates, Duties and Taxes due and owing at the time of the issuing of the fame, the Payment of the said Rates, Duties and Taxes so due, or the Tender of the same to the Person having such Warrant, shall not discharge the Person liable to the Payment of the said Rates, Duties and Taxes, of or from the Payment of the said Sum of One Shilling in the Pound aforesaid; but it shall and may be lawful to collect and levy the same under such Warrant, by Distress and Sale, in the like manner as the Rates, Duties and Taxes may be levied under this Act.

XXXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That whenever any such Warrants shall be issued, if the Party against whom the same shall be issued shall tender to the Officer producing such Warrant the full Amount of all Arrears of Rates, Duties and Taxes for the levying of which such Warrant shall be issued, together with such additional Sum of One Shilling in the Pound, it shall not be lawful for such Officer to levy the same by Distress, or to demand or receive any other Sum or Sums of Money of such Party as or for the Expences of levying the fame $ but such Officer shall, upon Payment of the said Arrears, together with such Sum of One Shilling in the Pound, give a Receipt to the said Party for the same.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That every Collector or other Officer who shall receive the said Sum of One Shilling in the Pound payable under the Provisions of this Act in case of Default of Payment of the said Rates, Duties and Taxes within the time prescribed for the Payment of the fame, shall keep a separate Account thereof, and shall account for and shall remit and pay the Amount of the said Sum of One Shilling in the Pound aforesaid at the same time and in like manner as by Law such Collector or other Officer ought to account for, remit and pay the said Duties 5 and the said Sum shall be placed to the Account of the said Duties: Provided always, that it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, or any Three of them, upon the Application of any Person who shall have paid, or from whom any such Sum of One Shilling in the Pound aforesaid shall be levied, to grant such Relief to such Person, by a Repayment of such Sum or any Part thereof, as to the said Commissioners or any Three of them shall, under the Circumstances of the Case, seem fitting or expedient.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the several respective Districts of the several and respective Offices of Excise in Ireland shall be deemed and taken to be the proper Districts for the Receipt of the Rates, Duties and Taxes granted by this Act, and for the Purposes of this Act; and that every Person who shall be assessed as chargeable with the said Rates, Duties and Taxes, or any of them, in any such Excise Diflri&, shall be deemed and taken to all Intents and Purposes to have been assessed and charged in the proper District, and shall be chargeable and liable to pay the Amount of the Rates, Duties and Taxes due from such Person to the Collector or other Officer in Charge of the Collection of the Excise District into the Office of which the Assessment against such Person shall have been returned.

XXXVII. And as an Inducement to Persons to pay the said Rates, Duties and Taxes which shall be assessed against them, be it further enacted, That whenever any Person shall pay to the Collector of Excise, or other Officer in Charge of the Collection of any Excise District, the full annual Amount of the Rates, Duties and Taxes with which such Person shall be charged or assessed pursuant to the Provisions of this Act, on or before the Days and times when the said Rates, Duties and Taxes, or the First Instalment thereof (if required to be paid by Instalments), shall be required to be paid in manner directed by this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the said Collector or other Officer to allow to such Person a Sum after the Rate of One Shilling in the Pound on the Amount of the whole of such Rates, Duties and Taxes as such Person shall so actually pay as aforesaid; and if any Person shall; in any case where such Rates, Duties and Taxes shall be required to be paid by Instalments, pay the full Amount of every such Instalment on or before the several Days or times when the said several Instalments shall be respectively required to be paid, it shall be lawful for the said Collector or Officer to allow to such Person, on Payment of the last of such Instalments, a Sum after the Rate of One Shilling in the Pound on the whole annual Amount of such Rates, Duties and Taxes 5 and the said Collector or Officer shall give to such Person making such Payment a Receipt for the full Amount of the whole of such Rates, Duties and Taxes, or of such last Instalment thereof, specifying the Amount of such Allowance, and deducting the fame from the Sum payable in respect of such Rates, Duties and Taxes, or such last Instalment thereof.

Distress for Payment of Rate may be made on Goods, to whomsoever belonging;

and of the said is. in the Pound and Costs.

Distress may be made for the Payment of is. in the Pound although Rate not levied thereby.

On Tender or Payment of Rate, and of if. in the Pound, Expences of levy not to be demanded.

Separate Account of Money received by Charge of is. in the Pound to be kept and paid over with Rates. Commissioner may grant Relief, by Repayment to Parties.

Districts of the Offices of Excise to be deemed proper Districts for the Receipt of the Rates.

Allowance of is. in the Pound to Persons making Payment on or before the Days appointed;

and of Instalments.

480

If Admittance be refused to execute a Warrant, House may be broke open in the Day time, and in the Presence of Peace Officer;

and Distress taken.

In case of Removal, Collect or of District to trdnsmit Certificate to Collector of District to which the ^erson charged is removed.

Proceedings

thereon.

No Goods taken in Execution,

3cc. shall be sold or taken away until Duty in Arrear be paid.

Iktt Seizure may be proceeded in.

Guardians and Executors liable to Rates, having Assets in their Hinds.

A Lift of Rates due under any Act in force before the passing of this Act, to be delivered to

C. 54. 58° GEORGII III. A.D. 1818.

XXXVIII. And be it farther enacted, That if any Person to whom any Warrant issued under this Act shall be directed to levy the said Rates, Duties or Taxes, or any of them, shall be refused Admittance into any House, Outhouse or Edifice, or shall not, on Demand of Entrance by knocking or otherwise, obtain Admittance into the fame; or if no Person shall attend or appear at such House, Outhouse or Edifice, to give Entrance to such Person to whom such Warrant shall be directed, or from whom such Person can make Demand of Entrance; then and in every such case it shall and may be lawful for such Person, upon a Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any one Commissioner of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, or upon a Warrant under the Hand and Seal of the Collector of Excise, or other Officer in Charge of the Collection of the District in which such House, Outhouse or Edifice shall be situate, to break open and enter in the Day time any such House, Outhouse or Edifice, in the Presence of a Constable or other Peace Officer, who is hereby authorized and required to be aiding and assisting therein, and to levy by Distress and Sale, in manner before in this Act mentioned, the several Rates, Duties and Taxes, or any and such of them as shall be then due in Arrear, together with the further Sum of One Shilling in the Pound aforesaid, and the uecessary and reasonable Costs and Charges of taking such Distress, and of the Removal, Keeping and Sale thereof.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Person Liable to and charged or chargeable with the Payment of the Rates, Duties or Taxes granted by this Act, or any of them, shall Before Payment thereof remove from the District in which the same shall be charged, the Collector or other Officer in Charge of the Collection of the said District shall make and sign, and cause to be transmitted to the Collector or other Officer in Charge of the Collection of the District where the Person or Persons making Default of Payment shall then reside or be, a Certificate dating the Christian and Surname and former Residence of the Person so removing, and the Amount of the Rates, Duties and Taxes chargeable on and due from such Person at the time of such Removal; and every such Collector or other Officer ip Charge of the Collection of such last mentioned District as aforesaid is hereby respectively authorized and empowered to issue his Warrant for the recovering and levying such Amount of the said Rates, Duties and Taxes as shall be specified and set forth in the said Certificate, and the same shall and may be levied accordingly in like manner as any such Rates, Duties and Taxes arising within such last mentioned District may be levied under the Provisions of this Act; and the Collector or other Officer of the District so giving such Certificate shall transmit a Copy thereof to the Commissioners of Jnland Excise and Taxes, and the said Commissioners shall give such Orders and Directions with respect to the paying and accounting for such Sums so levied as they shall see fitting and necessary.

XL. And be it further enacted, That no Goods or Chattels whatsoever belonging to any Person or Persons, at any time when any of the Rates, Duties or Taxes'gran^ed by this Act charged or assessed upon such Person or Persons may become in Arrear, shall be liable to be taken by virtue of any Execution or other Process, Warrant or Authority, or by virtue of any Assignment, or on any Account or Pretence whatever, unless the Party at whose Suit the said Execution or other Process shall be sued out, or any Seizure made, or to whom such Assignment shall be made, or some Person on behalf of such Party, shall, before the Sale or Removal of such Goods or Chattels, pay all such Arrears of the said Rates, Duties and Taxes, or cause the same to be paid to the Collector of Inland Excise and Taxes, or other Officer in Charge of the Collection. of the District in which such Goods or Chattels shall be seized, not exceeding in the whole the Amount of the Duties which shall be payable for the Year in which such Seizure shall be made, together with the Arrear of One Year immediately preceding; and the said Party at whose Instance such seizure mall be made, after Payment to the said Collector or other Officer in Charge of the Collection as aforesaid, of all such Arrears due of the aforesaid Rates, Duties and Taxes for One whole Year, if due, and for the Year in which such Seizure shall be made, may proceed in such Seizure as such Party might have done if no Rates, Duties or Taxes had been so due and in Arrear; but in case of Nonpayment of the said Rates, Duties and Taxes, the said Collector, or any other Officer in Charge of the Collection as aforesaid, is hereby authorized and required to issue his Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to empower any Person or Persons to distrain such Goods and Chattels, notwithstanding such Execution or Seizure, and to proceed to the Sale thereof, according to the Provisions of this Act, in order to obtain Payment of all such Arrears of the said Rates, Duties and Taxes then due and payable, together wi^h the necessary and reasonable Costs and Charges attending the Distress, and the Keeping and Sale of such Goods and Chattels.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That where any Person or Persons chargeable with t'ne said Rates, Duties and Taxes, or any of them, shall be under the Age of Twenty one Years, or where any Person so chargeable shall die, in every such case the Parent or Guardian or Guardians of such Minor having Monies or Property of such Minor, whereout such Rates, Duties or Taxes may be paid, and the Executor or Executors, or Administrator or Administrators of the Person or Persons so dying, having received Assets sufficient for the Purpose, shall be, and is and are hereby made liable to and charged with the Payments which the said Minor ought to have made, and the Person so dying was chargeable with, for or pu account of the said Rates, Duties and Taxes, or any of them; and if such Parent or Guardian or Guardians, Executor or Executors, Administrator or Administrators, shall neglect or refuse to pay as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to proceed against him, her or them, in like manner as against any other Person or Persons making Default in Payment of the said Rates, Duties and Taxes, or any of them; and every Parent or Guardian making Payment as aforesaid shall be allowed the fame in his, her or their Accounts, and every Executor and Ad-Uiinistrator shall be allowed to dedud all such Payments out of the Assets of the Person so dying.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, or any Three of them, and they are hereby required, as soon as conveniently may be after the passing of this Act, to cause to be delivered to the Collector of Excise of each District in Ireland^ or other Officer in Charge of the Collection thereof, a true Lift or Schedule in Writing of all such Sums as shall be due and in Arrear for or in respect of any Rates, Duties and Taxes payable under any Act or Acts

12 in

A.D. 1818. 58° GEORGII III. C. 54. 481

in force immediately before the passing, of this Act, on Hearths* Firing Places or Stoves, and on Windows or the Collector of Lights, and on Male Servants or other Male Persons, and on Carriages, and on Coachmakers or Makers each and Sellers of Carriages, and on Horses, Mares and Geldings, and on Dogs or any of them, within the

District of which such Collector or other Officer shall be in Charge; and such Lift or Schedule shall contain the*ny Names, Surnames and Places of Abode of the several Persons by whom such Rates, Duties and Taxes shall levied under be then due and owing, and the Sum or Sums, charged upon and due by each such Person respectively, and this A in respect of what Articles, matters or things the Sum or Sums so due shall have been charged; and upon the Delivery of any such Lift.or Schedule it shall and may be lawful for every such Collector or other Officer in Charge as aforesaid, and such Collector or other Officer is hereby respectively authorized, empowered and required to demand, receive, levy and recover all such Sums as shall appear from such Lift or Schedule to be due and in Arrear, in as full and ample a manner in all Respects, and with the like Powers, Authorities and Remedies, to all Intents and Purposes, as any Rate, Duty or Tax may under the Provisions of this Act be demanded, recovered, levied and received.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever it shall happen that sufficient Goods, Chattels or For warn of Effects of any Person liable to the Payment of any Rates, Duties and Taxes granted by this Act, whereon Sufficient Dif-such Rates, Duties and Taxes may be levied pursuant to the Directions of this Act, shall not be forthcoming, so that such Rates, Duties and Taxes, or any Part thereof, shall remain unpaid and unsatisfied, every such double Person shall forfeit and pay a Sum equal to double the Amount of such Rates, Duties and Taxes so remaining the Amount of unpaid, or of so much thereof as shall so remain unpaid and unsatisfied, to be recovered against such Person the Rites due. for the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That on Proof of Payment by any Person of any Rates, Duties and proof of Pay-Taxes in respect of any Carriages, Male Servants or other Male Persons, Horses, Mares, Geldings* and Dogs, in any One District or Place, by Production of the Receipt signed by the Collector to whom the re|£Ve from l° Payment shall have been made, or of a Certificate by such Collector, such Person shall be acquitted from the payment in Payment of the said Rates, Duties and Taxes respectively, in any other District or Place in Ireland, for the another. Articles mentioned in such Receipt or Certificate, and for the Period specified therein.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That every Cdachmaker or Maker of Carriages shall from time to time Coachmakcra to enter in a Book, to be kept for that Purpose by such Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages, the Number enter in a Book and Kind of Carriages by him or her built and constructed for Sale, and also the Number and Kind of d»c Number and Carriages which such Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages shall part with, sell or dispose of at second hand Descripdoo on his or her own Account, whether the same shall nave been repaired or altered by such Coachmaker or tyulem* kc.*Maker of Carriages, or not, and also of the Number and Kind of Carriages kept by him or her for Sale, although the fame may not have been built by such Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages, distinguishing the Number of Wheels of each, and if with less than Four Wheels, whether constructed to be drawn by Two Horses, and the Number fold, and the Names and Places of Abode of the Persons to whom fold, parted with, or disposed of respectively, and the particular Day on which each Carriage was delivered or sent out of the Shop or Warehouse, Yard, or other Place of such Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages; and every Person Persons felling selling Carriages by Auction or on Commission shall keep a like Book, and in like manner enter in the fame Carriages by the Number and Kinds of Carriages kept for Sale and sold by such Person, dist the Number of AudioMrc. to Wheels of each, and the Days on which such- Carriages were fold, and to whom they were fold respectively; c'

and every Livery Stable Keeper, or other Person receiving any Horse, Mare or Gelding, or any Carriage, to stand in<j .Mb Livery at Livery, shall also from time to time enter in a Book an Account of every Carriage or Horse so Sanding at Stable Keepers. Livery, and the Name and Place of Abode of the Person by or on whose behalf such Carriage or Horse had been so sent or delivered, and the time of the fending of the fame respectively; all which Books shall at all seasonable Books of such times in the Day time be open to the Inspection of any such Officer or other Person authorized as aforesaid $ Person* may be and such Officer or other Person authorized as aforesaid shall have Power to enter into the House, Manu-" factory, Workshop, Stables, and other Buildings and Places of every such Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages, eo, er

and other Persons respectively as aforesaid, and take an Account of all Carriages there, and of all Horses so at Livery as aforesaid, and to satisfy himself of the Truth of such Entries in any such Books respectively 5 and every Coachmaker or maker of Carriages, and other Persons hereby required to keep such Account Account to be respectively, shall, within Twenty one Days next after the Fifth Day of jifirily the Fifth Day of July, the delivered within fifth Day of Q8oberf and the Fifth Day of January in each and every Year, deliver to the Collector of Jnenticw^to11" Excise or other Officer in Charge of the Collection of the District in which such Coachmaker or Maker of tj, c Collector of Carriages, or other Person respectively, shall carry on his or her Business, deliver a true Copy in Writing the Distria veri-of all and every Entry made in such Book or Books respectively, within the Quarter of a Year ending on such fied Oath, if Day respectively, containing the matters and things before direaed; and when required so to do by the Com- r«lu, r«d. missioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or any one of them, or by the Collector of Excise, or other Officer in Charge of the Collection of such District, every such Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages, or other Person, or his or her chief Servant, Workman or Manager, shall make Oath, or being a Quaker an Affirmation, of the Truth of such Account, according to the best of his or her Knowledge and Belief 5 and every such Copy of Neglefiing, &c. the Account to be delivered by such Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages, or other Person, shall, to the best of Accc^or his or her Knowledge and Belief, express the Name and Names of every Person required to be entered in such fufwg to t(jmit Account, and the Place or Places or his, her or their usual Residence; and if any such Coachmaker or Maker officer, of Carriages, or other Person, shall neglect to keep such Account, or to deliver such Copy thereof, or shall wilfully omit any Description which ought to be contained therein, or shall refuse to admit any such Officer or other Person authorized as aforesaid into the House, Manufeftory, Workshop, Stable or other Buildings or Place of or ttfed by such Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages, or other Person, at a seasonable Hour in the 58 Geo. III. 3 Q Day

Penalty 50l. Refilling to give Name and Re* iirieuce, &c. to Coachmakers and others to enable them to make out their Account.

Penalty 50l.

On Delivery of Account by Coachmakers, &c. Payment of Duty may be demanded.

Permit for the Conveyance of Carriage from the House of the Corttbmaker, &c. to be obtained.

Penalty aol. Carriages imported to be pro* perly described in the Entry.

Stamp Duty on Receipts for Payment of Rate, required by 55 0-3- C. xoo. repealed.

Collector, Sec. may require the Production of the lift Receipt given for Duty.

Not producing it after Notice.

G. 54. 58° GEORGII III. A.D. 1818.

Day time, for the Purposes aforesaid, such Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages, or other Person, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

1XLVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall refuse to give and declare his or her Name and Surname, and Addition and Place of Residence, being required so to ao by any Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages, or by any Seller of Carriages, or by any Livery Stable Keeper, for the Purpose of enabling such Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages, or Seller of Carriages, or Livery Stable Keeper, respectively, to deliver the Accounts, and to make the Entries which such Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages, Seller of Carriages or Livery Stable Keeper, is by this Act respectively required to deliver and make; or if any Person shall give or declare to any such Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages, Seller of Carriages or Livery Stable Keeper, any faife or fictitious Name, Surname, Addition or Place of Residence, every such Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, in any of the Cases aforesaid, forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds, to be paid to the Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages, Seller of Carriages or Livery Stable Keeper, by whom such Person shall have been required to give and declare his or her Name, Surname, Addition and Place of Abode; and every such Penalty shall be subject to the fame Powers of Mitigation and Reduction as any other Penalties in this Act are made subject to.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Collector of the Excise of the District, or other Officer in Charge of the Collection thereof, upon the Delivery of any such Account by or on behalf of any Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages, or by any Person selling Carriages as aforesaid, to demand, receive, levy and collect all such Duties as shall be due by or from any such Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages, or Person selling Carriages, in such manner and with the like Powers, Authorities and Remedies to all Intents and Purposes, as any other Rate, Duty or Tax under this Act may be demanded, received and collected under or by by virtue of this Act.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Carriage shall be sold or disposed of by any Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages, or by any Seller of Carriages by Auction or on Commission, such Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages, or Seller, shall, before such Carriage shall be sent out of or from his or her Shop, Warehouse or Concerns, apply to the proper Officer of Excise in the District, by delivering or causing to be delivered a Request Note or Requisition in Writing, duly stamped according to Law, for a Permit to convey such Carriage to the Person to whom the fame fhiul have been parted with, sold or disposed of by such Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages, or Seller of Carriages; and such Officer shall forthwith without Delay grant such Permit accordingly, without Fee or Reward, stating the Nature or Kind and Description of the Carriage, and the Name and Place of Abode of the Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages, or Seller of Carriages, and of the Person to whom the fame is to be conveyed; and if any Carriage so sold or disposed of shall be removed out of or from the Shop, Warehouse or Concern of any such Coachmaker, Maker of Carriages or Seller of Carriages, without such Permit duly obtained as aforesaid, such Coachmaker, Maker of Carriages or Seller of Carriages, shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Carriage which is or shall be liable to any Rate, Duty or Tax under the Management of the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, shall be imported into Ireland, the Entry which shall be made of such Carriage at the Port of Importation shall contain the Description of such Carriage, distinguishing the Number of Wheels, and if with less than Four Wheels* whether constructed to be drawn by Two Horses or otherwise, so as to ascertain the Rate, Duty or Tax payable in respect of such Carriage by the Owner thereof, and also the Name, Addition and Place of Abode of the Person on whose Account such Carriage was imported.

L. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Expiration of Ten Days after the passing of this Act, no Stamp Duty shall be payable on any Receipt which shall be given on the Payment of any Rate, Duty or Tax granted by this Act; and that so much of an Act made in the Fifty fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to provide for the Colie Qian and Management of Stamp Duties payable on Bills of Exchange, Promissory Notes, Receipts and Game Certificates, in Ireland, as provides that every Receipt or other Discharge given by any Officer of the Revenue on Payment of Money for or on account of any Duty on Dwelling Houses in respect of Hearths or'Windows, or on Coaches and other Carriages, or on Horses, or on Male Servants, shall be written or printed, or written and printed, on the proper Receipt Stamp, according to the Amount of the Sum to be paid j and that the Duty on every such Receipt shall be paid by the Person to whom such Receipt shall be given by the Officers of the Revenue; shall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

LI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Collector or other Officer in Charge of the Collection of the District, or for any Inspector or Supervisor of the Rates, Duties and Taxes by this Act granted, or any of them, to require any Person chargeable with the said Rates, Duties and Taxes, or any of them, to produce to such Collector or other Officer, Inspector or Supervisor, the last Receipt passed or given to such Person for and on account of any such Rates, Duties and Taxes, or such of them as such Person was chargeable with and liable to pay; and if on Demand made by such Collector or other Officer, Inspector or Supervisor, at the usual Place of Abode of such Person, such Receipt shall not be produced and delivered to such Collector or other Officer, Inspector or Supervisor, to be retained by him for such time as shall be sufficient to enable him to take a Copy of the fame, then it shall and may be lawful for such Collector or other Officer, Inspector or Supervisor, and they are hereby respectively required, to leave a Notice at the usual Place of Abode of such Person, setting forth that such Collector or other Officer, Inspector or Supervisor, will attend at such usual Place of Abode of such Person at a certain Day and Hour to be specified in such Notice, and requiring him or her to produce or cause to be produced such Receipt to such Collector or other Officer, Inspector or Supervisor* at the Day and Hour mentioned in such Notice; and if such Person shall not produce

A.D. 1818, 58° GEORGII III. C. 54.

such Receipt to such Collector or other Officer, Inspector or Supervisor, on his attending for that Purpose at the time specified in such Notice, then such Person shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Ten Pounds, unlef3 he or she shall at, such time make Oath before such Collector or other Officer, Inspector or Supervisor,

iwhich Oath such Officers are hereby respectively authorized and required to administer without Fee or Reward, ) that he or she used due Diligence to find or procure the said Receipt, and that he or she hath not been able to find or procure the same.

LII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Inspector of Taxes, or any other Officer or Officers who now is or hereafter shall be appointed by or under the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland for the Collection or Superintendance of the Collection of the said Rates, Duties and Taxes, or any of them, to demand and require from any Person who shall uf^or keep any Dog, Gun, Net or other Engine for the taking or Destruction of Game, to produce and shew to such Officer the proper Certificate to such Person for Liberty to kill Game 5 and every such Person shall upon such Demand and Requi-fition as aforesaid, produce such Certificate to the Officer so demanding and requiring the fame, and shall permit the same to be inspected accordingly 5 and if any such Person shall wilfully neglect or refuse to produce and shew a Certificate in force issued to him for the Purpose aforesaid, or shall decline to produce or mew the fame, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That the several Notices by this Act required to be given in respect of the Rates, Duties and Taxes granted by this Act, or any of them, and the several Accounts to be delivered pursuant to such Notices, and the several Books and Accounts by this Act required to be kept, and the Entries to be made therein, and also the Receipts to be given and delivered by the Officer to the Person paying the said Rates, Duties and Taxes, or any of them, on such Officer receiving the fame, shall and may be in such respective Form or Forms as the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, in Ireland^ or any Tqree of them, may from time to time order, direct and appoint 5 and it shall not be necessary to prove on the l*rial of any Complaint or Information touching the said Rates, Duties and Taxes, or any of them, the particular Order, Direction or Appointment of the said Commissioners or any Three of them, for or of any such Form or Forms respectively; and if any Person who is by this Act required to keep any Book or Books, shall neglect or refuse to keep such Book or Books in such Form or Forms as shall be so ordered, appointed or directed, ever such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That any Notice which shall be given or served by any Officer or other Person authorized as aforesaid under the Provisions of this Act, shall not be impeached or affected by reason of any Mistake or Variance in the Christian Name or Surname or either of them, of any Person liable or chargeable with the said Rates, Duties and Taxes, or any of them, or in the Amount of the Rate, Duty or Tax; but that every such Notice shall be valid and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes, notwithstanding any such Mistake or Variance, provided that the Person intended to be described shall really be liable to the said Rate, Duty and Tax, or the Rate, Duty or Tax intended to be described, shall be chargeable on such Person.

LV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland or any Three of them, from time to time, as often as they shall think expedient, to call before them any and every Collector, Assessor, Inspector or other Officer employed in the collecting or charging of the said Rates, Duties and Taxes or any of them, and to examine him or them upon Oath, or if a Quaker, on solemn Affirmation, and to ascertain the Sum or Sums of Money that shall have been collected and paid to such Collector or other Persons respectively for the said Rates, Duties and Taxes, and also to ascertain the Sum or Sums in Arrear, and the Cause or Causes thereof, and also upon Oath or Affirmation to examine the said Collector or other Persons respectively touching the due Payment over of any Sum or Sums previously collected by him or them, and with respect to the Sum or Sums remaining in the Hand or Hands of such Collector or other Person respectively, and to make such Order in the Premises as the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, shall judge necessary to prevent any Failure in the Payment of any Part of the said Rates, Duties and Taxes.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Officer or Person appointed to assess, charge, levy or collect the said Rates, Duties and Taxes or any of them, shall with Intent to defraud His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, make any false or untrue Entry in any Abstract, Ledger or other Books which such Officer shall keep, containing the Survey or Collection of his Walk, Division or District, or shall, with such Intent, omit to make any Entry or Entries in any such Abstract, Ledger or Book respectively, or shall give or grant any false or untrue Receipt for the Taid Rates, Duties and Taxes or any of them, or shall make any false or untrue Entry with relation to the said Rates, Duties and Taxes or any of them, or with relation to any such Receipt given or granted by him, or if any such Officer or other Person shall knowingly permit or suffer the same to be done in any of the respective Cases aforesaid, every such Officer or Person so offending, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall for each and every such Offence forfeit to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, the Sum of Five hundred Pounds.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any Affidavit, Oath or Affirmation is by this Act required or directed to be taken or subscribed or administered, every such Affidavit, Oath or Affirmation shall and may be taken or administered by or before any Commissioner of Inland Excise and Taxes in Irelatidy or by or before any Collector of Excise m his proper District, or by or before any other Officer in Charge of the Collection of such District, or by or before any Person who now is or hereafter shall be authorized by the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland to administer Oaths in Revenue Cases 5 and every such Commissioner, Collector, Officer or Person is and are hereby respectively authorized, empowered and required to administer such Affidavit, Oath or Affirmation accordingly.

3 Q 1 LVIII. And

483

[Proviso.]

Penalty xol.

Game Certificate to be produced when required.

Penalty aol.

Notices, Accounts, and Books, &c. required shall be in such Form as the Commissioners shall direct.

Not necessary to prove such Direction on Trial of Information.

Penalty 50l.

Mistake in the Name not to in* validate the Notice.

Commissioners may examine Collectors, &c. on Oath, &c. as to the State of their Accounts,

Making fall'e Entries, &c. by

Officer.

Penalty 5col.

Power of administering Oath by Officer.

484

Per ions fw earing falftly Ptrjury.

Recovery and

Application of Penalties.

Irish Ad,

14 dc 15 C. 2.

46 G. 3. c. 106.

Penalties not exceeding 40U may be recovered before a Just ice.

Appeal to Quarter Sessions, on giving Security.

Notice of Appeal

Costs.

Con v id ions not to be removed by Certiorari.

C. 54. 58° GEORGII III. A.D. 1818.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person who shall take or make any Affidavit or any Oath, or make any Affirmation by this Act required to be taken or made, shall wilfully or knowingly swear or affirm falsely therein, every such Person, being duly convicted thereof, shall suffer the Pains and Penalties to which Persons guilty of wilful or corrupt Perjury are or shall be subject by any Law in force in Ireland; and if any Person shall corruptly procure or suborn any other Person or Persons to swear or affirm falsely in any such Affidavit, Oath or Affirmation, such Person being duly convicted of such procuring or suborning, shall for every such Offence incur and suffer such Penalties, Forfeitures, Pains and Disabilities as Persons convicted of Subornation of Perjury are respectively liable unto by any Law in force in Ireland.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures under this Act shall be paid and payable according to the Amount thereof in British Currency, and shall be raised, levied, collected and paid, sued for, recovered and applied, (except in Cases where it is otherwise directed in this Act, ) in the same manner and under such Powers and Authorities, and by such Ways and Methods, and according to such Rules and Directions, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, as are appointed, directed and expressed for levying, suing for or recovering of any Penalties or Forfeitures in and by an Act made in Ireland in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years 01 His late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled an Act for the settling of the Excise or new Impof upon His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, according to the Book of Rates therein inserted; or in and by an Act made in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to provide for the better Execution of the several Acts relating to the Revenues, matters and things under the Management of the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, and of the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, in Ireland; or in and by any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland relating to the Revenues of Customs and Excise, or either of them, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame were herein expressed and enacted; with the like Remedy of Appeal to and for the Party or Parties aggrieved, as in and by the said recited Act made in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, or any other Act or Acts as aforesaid, is provided.

LX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Justice of the Peace in Ireland, within whose Jurisdiction any Offence for which the Penalty shall not exceed Forty Pounds shall be committed against this Act, or any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland relating in anywise to the Payment, Regulation or Collection of the Rates, Duties or Taxes by this Act granted or any of them, and every such Justice is hereby authorized, empowered and required, upon Information or Complaint in Writing made in that behalf by any Officer or other Person acting under the Authority of the Commissioners of Customs and Excise or either of them respectively, within Six Months after the Offence committed, to summon the Party accused of such Offence, and also the Witnesses, if any, on either Side, and to examine into the Fad, and upon Proof thereof made to his Satisfaction, either by the confession of the Party or Person accused of such Offence, or oy the Oath of One or more Witness or Witnessefs, which Oath such Justice is hereby authorized to administer, to give Judgment for such Penalty, and thereupon to issue his Warrant under his Hand and Seal for levying such Penalty on the Goods and Chattels of such Offender, and to cause Sale to be made thereof in case the same shall not be redeemed within Six Days, rendering to the Party the Overplus, if any; and where Goods and Chattels sufficient cannot be found to anfcyer such Penalty, such Justice of the Peace, or any other Justice of the Peace of the County or County of a City or Town in which such Conviction shall lie, is hereby authorized and empowered to commit such Offender or Offenders to Prison until such Penalty shall be paid; and if any Person, whether Prosecutor or Party convicted, shall find himself or herself aggrieved by the Judgment of any such Justice of the Peace, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for such Person, if the Person so appealing shall be the Person convicted, upon giving sufficient Security by Recognizance with Two sufficient Sureties before such Justice to pay the Amount of the Penalty imposed by such Conviction as aforesaid, together with Costs not exceeding Forty Shillings, as such Justice shall appoint, to appeal to the Justice or Justices at the next General Quarter Sessions of the County, County of a Town or City, as the Case may be, which shall be held after Fourteen clear Days from the Day on which such Conviction shall have been made, in the District in which such Offence shall have been committed, if such County shall be divided into Districts, or if not so divided, then at the General Sessions of the County or County of a Town or City, which shall happen next after Fourteen clear Days after such Conviction shall have been made, of which Appeal Notice in Writing shall be given to the adverse Party Ten clear Days previous to the First Day of such Quarter Sessions respectively; and such Justices at such Sessions shall summon and examine Witnesses upon Oath, and finally hear and determine such Appeal; and in case the Judgment of the Justice against whose Adjudication such Appeal shall be brought shall be affirmed, it shall and may be lawful for fudi Justice or Justices at Sessions as aforesaid to award the Person or Persons so appealing to pay such Costs to the Prosecutor occasioned by such Appeal as to him or them shall seem meet, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Forty Shillings, and such Justice or Justices of the said Court of Quarter Sessions shall and may thereupon proceed in the same manner in all Respects as the Justice making such Conviction might or could have done if such Appeal had not taken place.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That no Conviction made by any Justice, or before any Justices of Peace at the Quarter Sessions, nor any Sentence or Order given or made by any such Justice or Justices under or by virtue of this Act, shall be removed by Writ or Certiorari out of the County, City, Town or Place wherein such Conviction or Proceeding shall have been had or made; and that no Writ of Certiorari shall supersede Execution or other Proceedings upon any Conviction, Order or Sentence made or given in pursuance of this Act, but that Execution and other Proceedings shall be had and made thereupon, any such Writ of Certiorari or Allowance thereof notwithstanding.

13 LXII. And

A.D. 1818. 58° GEORGII III. C. 54. 485

LXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be necessary in any Proceeding before a ^fagistrate or Perfoml Service Magi ft rates for the Recovery of any Penalty under this Act, or unoer any Act or Acts in force from time to of Process for time for the Payment of or for the regulating the Collection of the said Rates, Duties and Taxes, or any of Pcn, ^tie* noc them, that the original or any other Process or Summons, or any Notice or Order whatsoever, should be per- necessary« fonally served on the Defendant or Defendants, or any of them, but it shall in all such Cases be sufficient that the fame, or a Copy thereof, be served or posted, as the Case may be, at his, her or their then Place or Places of Abode.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall be summoned as a Witness or Witness nt-Witnesses to give Evidence in any Case under this Act before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, or before slecting.&c. to any Justice or Justices at the Sessions, and shall neglect or refuse to appear, the Expence of such Witness or aPPetr»*c. Witnesses, if he, she or they shall be required to go to a greater Distance than Five Miles from Home, being first paid or tendered, without a reasonable Excule to be allowed by such Justice or Justices of the Peace, or Justice or Justices at Sessions respectively, or upon appearing shall refuse to be examined upon Oath, or to give Evidence before such Justice or Justices of the Peace, or Justice or Justices at Sessions respectively, add shall not make reasonable Excuse for such Refusal, to be allowed by such Justice or Justices of the Peace or Justice or Justices at Sessions respectively, then such Person or Persons shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Penalty Twenty Pounds.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That on any Trial or other Proceeding for Recovery of any Penalty Informers ad-under this Act, or under any Act relating to the said Rates, Duties and Taxes, any Informer or other Person w, t* who in the Event of a Conviction would be entitled to the Penalty to be recovered thereon, or to any Part, Share ne* or Proportion thereof, or to any Fee, Profit, Reward or Emolument whatsoever, shall nevertheless be received and admitted as a Witness on such Trial or other Proceeding; and such Testimony shall, if believed, be Sufficient thereon to all Intents and Purposes, so far as the fame Testimony could be if given by any indifferent Person.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That any Justice of the Peace before whom any Offender shall be con- Conviaioiu to victed of any of the Offences aforesaid, or of any Offence against any Act in anywise relating to the Payment, Re- bc1|"*?e gulation or Collection of the said Rates, Duties and Taxes, or of any of them, shall cause the Conviction to be follow, n6 made out in manner and Form following, or in any other Form of Words to the like Effect, mutatu mutandu j which Conviction shall be good and effectual to all Intents and Purposes, #without setting forth the Evidence, or dating the Case in any more particular manner 5 that is to say,

liE it remembered, That on the Day of in the Year of our Lord

A 0. of in the County of

[or County, or County of the City or Town of I [/w the Case may be], was convicted

before me, /. P, One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County of

[or County of the City or Town of ] for that the said A. 0. on the

Day of in the Year at

in the said County of did \here fate the Offence], contrary to the

Statute in that Case made and provided; and I do therefore adjudge the said A. 0. to have forfeited the Sum of British Currency, making the Sum of

Irtfh Currency. Given under my Hand and

Seal, the Day of

Form.

Which Conviction the said Justice shall cause to be written fairly upon Paper or Parchment, and to be transmitted within Ten Days from the Date of such Conviction to the Clerk of the Peace for the County or County of a City or Town (as the Case may be), or Place where such Conviction was made, to be filed by him, and to remain and to be kept among the Records of the same County or Place; and if any such Justice shall neglect or Penalty, omit so to do, he shall for every such Offence forfeit Ten Pounds.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That any Warrant to be issued by any such Justice of the Peace for levying Warrant of any Sum under any such Conviction from the Goods of any such Offender, shall be in the Form following, or to be , r?

in some other Form of Words to that or the like Effect, which Form shall be good and valid to all Intents and 1 e ow, ng Purposes; that is to say,

County of

to wit.

Form.

4 To M. and JV. and each of them, and their and each of their Assistants.

WHEREAS on the Day of in the Year

A. 0. of was duly convicted, for that he [or (he]

on the Day of in the Year at

in the said County of [or County of the City or Town of

as the Case may he'] did [here fate the Offence] \ and thereupon the said A.0- hath become liable.to a Fine or Penalty of British Currency (amounting to

Irish Currency): I do therefore by these Prelents authorize you and each of you to take into your Possession the Goods and Chattels of the said A. 0. or a sufficiency thereof for levying the Sum last mentioned thereout, wherever you shall find the said Goods and Chattels in the County aforesaid 5 and if the said Goods and Chattels shall not be redeemed by the Payment of the said Sum within Six Days from the Day of taking the fame, you are by public Sale thereof to levy

the

4^6 C. 54. 58° GEORGII III. A.D. 1818.

the said Sum, rendering to the said A.O. the Overplus (if any); and the said Sum so levied you shallbring«to me without Delay, to be disposed of according to Law. Given under my Hand and Seal, this <.Day of One thousand eight hundred and .'

And if Goods sufficient cannot be found to answer such Penalty, a Warrant shall be thereupon issued for committing such Offender or Offenders, in the fame Form as the said Warrant last mentioned to the Words,I do therefore by these presents; which Words, and all from thence to the Words disposed of according to Law, ' inclusive, shall be omitted, and the Form following, or some other Form of Words to that or the like Effect, shall be inserted in their Place; to wit, And Whereas on the Day of

4 a Warrant was issued to levy the last mentioned Sum from the Goods and Chattels of the said Offender, and

Goods and Chattels of the said Offender could not be found sufficient to answer the said Sum; I do therefore

hereby authorizer^fnd command you and each of you to take the Body of the said A. 0 wheresoever you shall find him in the said County, and bring him before me the said /. P. or any other Magistrate for the said

County*' And the Form of Committal for committing any such Offender to Prison shall follow the Form of such Warrant, save only that the Direction thereof shall be to the proper Gaoler; and that from and after the Words*I do therefore hereby authorize and command you, ' there shall follow these Words, to receive into

your Custody the Body of the said A. 0. and him or her safely to keep until the said Sum shall be paid.

Given under my Hand and Seal, this Day of One thousand eight

1 hundred and

Warrant of Committal to be in the following

Form.

And each and every of the said Forms, or any Form of Words to the like Effect respectively, shall be good and valid in the Law to all Intents and Purposes.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any such Con vision as aforesaid shall be affirmed at the Sessions, the Warrant or Warrants, Committal or Committals, for carrying the fame into Execution, shall be granted by the Justice or Justices so affirming the fame, or any of them, and shall be in the Forms here following respectively, or some other Forms of Words of the fame Import respectively:

County of to wit.

c To M and N. and each of them, their and each of their A Aidants.

WHEREAS on the Day of in the Year One thousand eight hundred

and A. 0. was duly convicted before /. P. one of the Justices of the Peace for the said

County, for that he or she, on the Day of at in the said County, did [here fate the Offence]; and thereupon the said A. 0. became liable to a Fine or Penalty of British Currency, making the Sum of Irish Currency:

And Whereas the said^. 0. appealed from the said Conviction to the Sessions, which hath affirmed the fame with Costs, making together the said Penalty the Sum of: These are

therefore to authorize and command you.and each of you to take into your Possession the Goods and Chattels of the said A.O. or a Sufficiency thereof for levying the said last mentioned Sum thereout, wherever you shall find the said Goods or Chattels in the County aforesaid $ and if the said Goods and Chattels shall not be redeemed by the Payment of the said Sum within Four Days from the Day of taking the fame, you are by Public Sale thereof to levy the said Sum, rendering to the said A. 0. the Overplus (if any); and the said«Sum so levied you shall bring to us or to One of us, or to me, [as the Case may be-\, without Delay, to be < disposed of according to Law. Given under our Hands an£ Seals [or under my Hand and Seal] this«Day of

And if Goods and Chattels sufficient cannot be found to answer such Sum, a Warrant shall be thereupon issued for committing such Offender, in the fame Form as the said Warrant last mentioned to the Words, These are therefore to authorize and command you which Words, and all from thence to the Words disposed of according to Law, ' inclusive, shall be omitted, and the Form following, or some other Form of Words to that or the like Effedf, shall be inserted in their Place; to wit, And Whereas on the Day

4 of , a Warrant was issued to levy the said last mentioned Sum from the Goods and Chattels

4 of the said A. 0., and Goods and Chattels of the said A, 0. could not be found sufficient to answer the said Sum; we [or I] do therefore hereby authorize and command you and each of you to take the Body of the said A. 0. wheresoever you shall find him in the said County, and bring him before us [or me] And the Form of Committal for committing any such Offender to Prison shall follow the Form of such Warrant, save only that the Direction thereof be to the proper Gaoler; and that from and after the Words, We [or I] do therefore hereby authorize and command you, ' there shall follow these Words, to take into your Custody the Body of the said A. 0., and him or her safely keep, from the Date hereof, until the said Sum shall be paid. Given under our Hands and Seals [or my Hand and Seal] this Day

'of

Copy of Con-visions to be furnMhed to the

Collector.

Fee.

And each and every the said Forms, or any Form of Words to the like Effect respectively, shall be good and valid in the Law, to all Intents and Purposes.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That every Clerk of the Peace in Ireland shall, within One Calendar Month next after any such Conviction shall have been transmitted to his Office, furniffi to the Collector of Excise, or other Officer in Charge of the District in and for the County in which such Conviction shall have been made, a Copy of such Conviction, signed by such Clerk of the Peace, for which he shall receive from such Collector, or other Officer in Charge as aforesaid, the Sum of One Shilling, and no more j and every such

A.D. 1818. 58° GEORGII III. c. 54.

such Collector, or other Officer in Charge shall forthwith transmit such Copy to the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes; and if any such Clerk of the Peace, or Collector or other Officer in Charge as aforesaid, shall neglect or omit so to do respectively, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds.

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That such Part, Share and Proportion as shall be payable to ftis Majesty. His Heirs and Successors, of, from or out of any Penalty or Fine payable or recoverable under this Act, or under any Act or Acts which shall in anywise relate to the Payment, Regulation or Collection of the said Rates, Duties and Taxes, or any of them, shall, unless otherwise particularly directed, within One Calendar Month next after the same shall be levied or received, be paid by the Justice of the Peace, by whom the same shall have been so levied or received, to the Collector of Inland Excise and Taxes, or other Chief Officer in Charge of the District in which the Offence was committed 5 and if any such Justice of the Peace shall neglect or omit so to pay over the fame, he shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

LXX. And be it further enacted, That if any Justice of the Peace, Magistrate or Peace Officer in Ireland, shall neglect or refuse in any Instance to carry into Execution this Act, or any Act or Acts in force in Ireland relating in anywise to the Payment, Regulation or Collection of the said Rates, Duties and Taxes, or any of them, or any of the Provisions of any such Act or Acts, upon proper Application made to him, such Justice of the Peace, Magistrate or Peace Officer shall forfeit the Sum of Forty Pounds for every such Neglect or Refusal.

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, or any Three of them, to abate, reduce or mitigate any Fine or Penalty which shall at any time be imposed under the Authority of this Act, or under any Act or Acts in force in Ireland relating in anywise to the Payment, Regulation or Collection of the said Rates, Duties and Taxes, or any of them; provided that every such Abatement, Reduction and Mitigation shall be under and subject to all such Rules and Regulations as by any Act or Acts in force in Ireland any Fine or Penalty incurred for any Offence against any Act or Acts relating to the Revenue of Excise shall or may be abated, reduced or mitigated.

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Fines and Penalties which shall be incurred under this Act, or under any Act or Acts in force in Ireland in anywise relating to the Payment, Regulation or Collection of the said Rates, Duties and Taxes, or any of them, shall be paid and payable, and received and receivable, - according to the Amount thereof in British Currency; and that every such Fine or Penalty, not particularly directed to be otherwise applied, shall be paid and distributed, One Moiety thereof to the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to the Use of the Person suing fest* the fame, n

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That all the Provisions, Clauses, Rules, Regulations and Exemptions contained in an Act made in the Fifty first Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for granting Exemptions in certain Cases from the Payment of the Duties charged in respect of Servants, Carriages, Horses and Dogs kept in Great Britain and Ireland respectively shall extend and be construed to extend to the several Rates, Duties and Taxes in respect of Servants, Carriages, Horses and Dogs kept in Ireland, granted by this Act and the Schedules thereto annexed, and to the several Rates, Duties and Taxes, in respect of Servants, Carriages, Horses and Dogs kept in Great Britain, granted by any Act or Acts in force in Great Britain at the time of the passing of this Act, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the said Provisions, Clauses, Rules, Regulations and Exemptions were repeated and reenacted in this Act.

LXXIV. And in order to promote the Recovery of Persons afflicted with or labouring under contagious*or infectious Fever, and the better to prevent the spreading of the fame in Ireland; Be it further enacted, That whenever it shall be made appear to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, by such Proof as the said Commissioners shall require, that the opening of any Window or Windows which shall have been flopped up, or the making of any new Window or Opening in any House, Outhouse or Office is likely to promote the Recovery of such Person or Persons, or to prevent the spreading of such Fever, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to make such Rules and Regulations, and Orders, and to give such Directions from time to time, for the opening or making of any such Window and again flopping up the fame, and for exempting such House from any Charge in respect of such Window, or for charging or surcharging such House in respect of such Window, as to the said Commissioners shall in their Discretion seem requisite and necessary for the Recovery of such Person, or the preventing the spreading of such Fever, and as may prevent Frauds under Pretext of opening such Window, or by keeping the fame open longer than shall be requisite for the Purposes aforesaid.

LXXV. And be it further enacted, That this Act and all the Clauses and Provisions herein contained, shall be deemed and taken to have commenced and take Effect from and after the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and eighteen.

LXXVI. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be amended, altered or repealed by any Act or Acts to be made in this present Session of Parliament.

SCHEDULES

487

Transmitted to Commissioners. Penalty iol.

His Majesty* Share of Penalties to be paid over,

(Exception, ) to Collector of District, cc. Justice neglecting, &c.

Penalty aoL

Justicei neglecting their Duty,

Penalty 40l.

Commissioners may mitigate Penalties.

Penalties paid in British Currency.

Application

thereof.

51 G. 3. c. 7a. extended to A a.

Commissioners may direct Windows in Houses, &c. to be opened to prevent Fever, and exempt such House from Duty in respect thereof.

[Commencement of Act.]

Act may be altered, See. this Seffioiu

58° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1818.

C. 54.

SCHEDULES to which this Act refers.

SCHEDULE (A.)

FIRE HEARTHS.

A SCHEDULE of the Rates, Dudes and Taxes payable annually for and out of every Dwelling House, in the whole of which, with every Outhouse, Office and Edifice appertaining or belonging thereto, and herein after enumerated, there shall be Four or more Fire Hearths or other Places for Firing, or Stoves.

DUTY.

Yearly Rite

on the House

for the whole

Number of

Hearths.

£. / d.

In respect of 4- 0 12 O

1 - ... 0 17 6

6 140

7 - in 6

8 - 200

9 - 296

10 - - 300

11 - - 3116

12 440

13 - 4 17 6

14 - s 12 O

15 - 676

16- - 7 4

*7* 816

18 --- - 900

i9*- - 9*9 6

20 1- 11 00

21 it 1 6

225 4°

*3 - <.- - 14 7 6

H^ 15 12 O

*5 " - 16 17 6

26- - - 18 4 0

27 - 19 11 6

28 - 21 0 0

And for and out of every Dwelling House in the whole of which, with every'

such Outhouse, Office and Edifice appertaining thereto, there shall be more

than 28 Fire Hearths or Stoves, or other Places for Firing, in respect of each

and every Fire Hearth or Stove, or other Place for Firing, in such Dwelling 0 15 0

House, Outhouse, Office or Edifice appertaining thereto, there shall be paid

the yearly Sum of*-

RULES for charging the said Rates, Duties and Taxes.

Every Kitchen, Cellar, Scullery, Butlery, Pantry, Larder, Washhouse, Bakehouse, Brewhouse and Lodging Room, or Outhouse or Office used as such, appertaining or belonging to any Dwelling House, whether the same shall be contiguous to or disjoined from such Dwelling House, shall be deemed and taken to be Part of such Dwelling House; and all Hearths or other Places for Firing or Stoves therein, shall be reckoned and included in the Number of Hearths in respect of which such Dwelling House shall be charged with the Rate, Duty or Tax.

And in all Cases where there shall be an internal Communication between any Two or more Houses adjoining each 6ther, so as that the same shall be occupied by One Person and his or her Family, Inmates or Lodgers, the said Rates, Duties and Taxes shall be charged as if such Houses, with the Outhouses, Offices and Edifices belonging or appertaining to each of them, were one House.

Where any Dwelling House has been or shall be divided into different Tenements, being distinct Properties, every such Tenement shall be subject to the fame Duties as if the fame were One House, which Duties shall ^e paid by the Occupiers thereof respectively.

EXEMPT-

58° GEORGII III. C. 54.

Schedule (A.) — continued

EXEMPTIONS and ABATEMENTS from the said Rates and Duties.

His Majesty's Castle of Dublin, or any House within the Circuit thereof, or any House or Tenement provided for the Residence of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, or of the Chief Secretary to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, or of the Under Secretaries in his Office; and the College of the Holy and Undivided Trinity of Queen Elizabeth near Dublin.

Any Dwelling House which after the Twenty seventh Day of May One thousand eight hundred and eight, and before the Twentieth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, shall nave been built on and held together with any Farm in Ireland, containing not less than Ten Acres Irish Plantation Measure; and in the whole of which Dwelling House, with every Outhouse or Edifice appertaining thereto, there shall not have been nor shall be more than Four Fire Hearths or Stoves, or other Places for Firing, shall be exempted from any Duty in respect thereof, from the time when such Dwelling House shall have been first occupied, until the Fifth Day of January next after the End of Seven Years from the time of such first Occupation; provided that such Dwelling House shall have been and shall be occupied together with such Farm; and in case such House shall not be so occupied therewith, the fame Dwelling House, with every such Outhouse, Office or Edifice appertaining thereto as aforesaid, and the Occupier thereof shall be chargeable with the Rates, Duties pud Taxes in respect of Fire Hearths or Stoves or other Firing Places therein respectively, on and from the Sixth Day of January in the Year in which such Dwelling House shall cease to be occupied with such Farm, and from thenceforward shall not be entitled to any such Exemption.

Any newly built House or newly built Addition to a House, which shall not be used or inhabited, and where any newly built House, or any newly built Addition to a House, shall be used or inhabited in Part only, the Remainder thereof being unfit for Use or Habitation, such House shall be charged only in respect of the Fire Hearths in such PartB thereof as shall be used or inhabited.

Any Oven or any fixed Boiler in any Dwelling House, Outhouse, Office or Edifice appertaining thereto, shall be exempted from the fzrid Duty on Fire Hearths.

Any House situate within the District of the Metropolis of Dublin, or within any City or Town, and containing Six Hearths, or upwards, in which no Shop shall be kept for the Sale of any Goods, or in which no Spirituous or other Liquors shall be sold, and which shall be wholly let for Lodgings, or occupied by Lodgers, each Lodging let to or occupied by one Person or Family, and such Lodging not confiding of more than One Room, and the Lodger therein not being provided, by the Person letting such Lodging, with Diet or other Accommodation, shall not be charged with any higher Rate than Two Shillings for each Hearth or Fire Place therein.

Any House situate within the Distrifrof the Metropolis of Dublin, or within any City or Town, and containing Eight Hearths or upwards, the greater Part of the Rooms in which shall be let to or occupied by Lodgers, each Lodger not occupying more than One Room, and not being provided by the Person letting such Lodging with Diet or other Accommodation, though such House shall be partly inhabited by the Owner, shall not be charged with any higher Duty than Two Shillings for each Hearth or Fire Place,

Any Hospital, House, provided for the Reception and Relief of poor Persons, Charity School, Gaol, Prison, or Sessions House, Hall, Office, or other Public Building whatever in Ireland, shall not be charged in respect of Hefrths therein, otherwise than in manner herein after mentioned 5 that is to say, all the Dwelling Rooms and Apartments in any such Public Building, being occupied by any Officer, Matter, Mistress, or Superintendant of or belonging to or employed in the fame, or by any Servant of such Officer, Mailer, Mistress or Superintendant, shall be deemed Dwelling Houses, and shall be liable to the Tax on Hearths accordingly; and the Persons respectively by whom or by whose Servants such Rooms or Apartments are or shall be inhabited, shall be chargeable with and liable to pay the said Tax as Occupiers of Houses are by Law chargeable with and liable to pay the same.

Every House which shall be unoccupied from and after the Fifth Day of January in any Year, until and at the time of making the Assessment, shall be insertedand described as such in the Assessment, with the Number of Hearths and other Places for Firing and Stoves therein, with the Outhouses, Offices and Edifices appertaining thereto as aforesaid; and if such House shall .continue wholly unoccupied during the whole of such Year, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or any Three of them, upon due Proof of the Fa&, made to their Satisfaction, to discharge such House from the Hearth Tax, chargeable thereon for such Year; and if any Person shall in the Course of such Year come into the Occupation of any House which shall be so mferted and described in the Assessment made in respect of such House for such Year, every such Person shall cause a Notice thereof in Writing to be given to the Collectortof Inland Excise of the District in which such House shall be situate, or other Officer in Charge of the Collection of such District, within Twenty Days, next after the time when such Person shall first occupy such House; and every Person who shall neglect to give such Notice within the time aforesaid shall be liable to be charged with and shall pay the Rates, Duties and Taxes for Hearths, Firing Places and Stoves with which such House shall be chargeable and charged and assessed for the whole Year in which the fame became so occupied: Provided always, that if the Person who shall so occupy any such House shall give such Notice, the said Rates, Duties and Taxes shall be payable only from the time when such Person shall first occupy such House according to the Rates aforesaid, proportioned to andeftimated on the Period of such Year remaining unexpired at the time of such first Occupation; and when a Tenant of any House shall after the Assessment of the fame quit such House on the Determination of the Lease or Demise thereof, and Notice thereof in Writing shall within Twenty Days next after be given by such Person, or by the Owner or Landlord of such House tq the Col-. 58 Geo. III. 3 R*lector

49° CL 54* 58° GEORGII III. A.D. 1818.

Schedule (A.) — continued. lector of Excise of the District in which such House shall be situate, or other Officer in Charge of such Collection, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners or any Three of them to discharge such House from or to repay a rateable Proportion of the Caud Rates or Duties for the Remainder of such Year, in case it shall appear to the said Commissioners that such House shall hare continued wholly unoccupied for and during the Remainder of such Year.

SCHEDULE (B.)

WINDOWS.

A SCHEDULE of the Rates, Duties, and Taxes payable annually for and out of every Dwelling House, with the Outhouses, Offices and Edifices appertaining or belonging thereto, and herein after enumerated, havbg more than Six Windows or Lights.

a

In respect of 7 Windows or Lights ... O 15 Q

8 ..... 146

9* i it 6

IO- 2 2 0

11 2 14 6

12- 3 7 0

13 - - 3»9.

14. 4 12 6

1 5 ... 5 5 0

l6 5 18 0

*7 6 10 6

18 ..... 7 3 0

*9 -'- 75 6

30 8 8 6

31 910

33 9*3

*3 10 6 6

24 ..... 10 18 6

25.. 11 11 6

26- 12 .4 0

*7 12 16 6

28 - -.- >3 19 6

29 ..... 14 2 0

30 ..... 14 14 6

3* ..... >5 7

3* 15 19 6

33 , 16 12 6

34 - !7 5

35*- - 17 17 6

36 ..... 18 10 0

n' l9 3 0

3» --- - 19 15 6

39 - 20 8 0

40 to 44 21 13 O

45 10 49 33 15 O

50 to 54. 25 17 6

to 59 60 to 64 27 19 6 29 16 6

65 to 69 3> >o 6

70 to 74 33 3

75 to 79 347 6

80 to 84 36 11 0

85 to 89 38 5 0

90 to 94 - include in all Cases - 39 t8 6

95 to 99 41 12 0

100 to 109 44 3 0

110 to 119 47 10 0

120 to I29 50 17 6

130 to 139 54 4 6

140 to 149 57 0

150 to 159 60 19 0

160 to 169 64 6 6

170 to 179 67 14 0

180 And for every such E)welling House which (kali contain more than 180 Windows 69 17 0

or Lights, for every Window or Light exceeding the Number of 180 1 0 2 3

C. 54. 491

A.D. 1818. 58° GEORGII III.

Schedule (B, ) — conthuud.

RULES for charging the said Rates, Duties, and Taxes.

All Windows or Lights in such Dwelling House, with the Outhouses, Offices and Edifices appertaining or belonging thereto, and all Sky lights, and all Windows or Lights in any Stair Case, Garret, Cellar, Passage or other Part or Place bf or belonging to any Dwelling House, to what Use or Purpose fqever applied, shall be reckoned and included in the Number of Windows or Lights in respect of which such Dwelling House, shall be charged with the foregoing Rates, Duties or Taxes.

Every Kitchen, Cellar, Scullery, Buttery, Pantry, Larder, Wa(h4ioufe, Bakehouse, Brewhouf* and Lodging Room, or Outhouse or Office used as such, appertaining or belonging to any Dwdv <r House, whether the same shall be contiguous to or disjoined from such Dwelling House, mall be deemed and taken to be Part of such Dwelling House; and all Windows or Lights therein shall be reckoned and included in the Number of Windows or Lights in respect of which such Dwelling House shall be charged with the Rate, Duty or Tax.

In all Cases where there shall be an internal Communication between any Two or more Houses adjoining each other, so as that the same shall be occupied by One Person, and his or ner Family, Inmates, or Lodgers, the said Rates, Duties and Taxes shall be charged as if such Houses, with the Outhouses, Offices and Edifices belonging or appertaining to each of them, were One House.

When a Partition or Division in any Window or Light between Two or more Windows or Lights fixed in any one Frame shall be of the Breadth or Space of Twelve Inches or more, the Window or Light on each Side of such Partition or Division shall be deemed as a distinct Window or Light, and shall be rated accordingly: Provided always, that every Window in a Frame, which is or shall be extended into a greater Number of Rooms, Apartments, Landings or Lobbies than One, shall be reckoned and charged for so many separate Windows as there are Rooms, Apartments, Landings, or Lobbies into which the same shall be extended.

Where any Dwelling House has been ot shall be divided into different Tenements, being distinct Properties, every such Tenement mall be subject to the fame Duties as if the fame were One House; which Dutiea shall be paid by the Occupiers of every such Tenement respectively.

EXEMPTIONS and ABATEMENTS from the said Rates and Duties.

His Majesty's Castle of Dublin, and any House within the Circuit thereof, and any House or Tenement for the Residence of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, or of the Chief Secretary to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, or of the Under Secretaries in his Office, and the College of the Holy and Undivided Trinity of Queen Elizabeth near Dublin.

Any Warehouse being a distinA and separate Building, and not a Part or Pared of the Dwelling House, nor occupied in part or in the whole as a Dwelling House, but employed solely for the Purpose of lodging Goods, Wares or Merchandize, or for carrying on some Manufedture of Trade, although the feme may adjoin to or have internal Communication with the Dwelling House.

Any Window or Light in any Room used wholly for the Purpose of carrying on any Manufacture therein, and not having any internal Communication with a Dwelling House, or any Part thereof, although such Room shall adjoin to such Dwelling House, or be in other respedb a Part thereof.

Any Dwelling House which after the Twenty seventh Day of May One thousand eight hundred and eight and before the Twentieth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, shall have been built on and held together with any Farm in Ireland, containing not less than Ten Acres Irish Plantation Measure, and in the whole of which Dwelling House, with every Outhouse, Office or Edifice appertaining thereto, there shall not have been nor shall be more than Four Fire Hearths or Stoves or other Places for Firing, shall be exempted from any Duty in respect of Windows or Lights from the time when such Dwelling House shall have been first occupied, until the Fifth Day of January next after the End of Seven Years from the time of such first Occupation: Provided, that such Dwelling House, shall have been and shall be occupied together with such Farm 5 and in case such House shall not be so occupied therewith, the said Dwelling House, with anjr Outhouse, Office, or Edifice appertaining thereto as aforesaid, and the Occupier thereof, shall be chargeable with Rates, Duties and Taxes, in respect of Windows or Lights therein respectively, on and from the Sixth Day of January in the Year in which such Dwelling House mall cease to be occupied with such Farm, and from thenceforward shall not be entitled to any such Exemption.

Any newly built House or newly built Addition to a House which shall not be used or inhabited, and where any newly built House, or any newly built Addition to a House, shall be used or inhabited in Part only, the Remainder thereof being unfi^ for Use or Habitation, such House shall be charged only in respectc of the Windows or Lights in such Parts thereof as shall be used or inhabited.

Any House containing Eight Windows or upwards, the Whole or the greater Part of the Rooms of which shall be let to or occupied by Lodgers, and each Lodger not occupying more than One Room, and not being provided by the Person letting such Lodging with Diet or other Accommodation, shall not be charged with any higher Duty than One Shilling for each Window or Light, provided that each Window and Lignt in the Room of every such Lodger shall be so constructed as to open and (hut, so that the fame may ventilate the Apartment in which each such Window shall be.

Any Hospital, House provided for the Reception and Relief of poor Persons, Charity School, Gaol, Prison, Sessions House, Hall, Office or Public Building whatsoever in Ireland, shall not be charged in respect

3 R a of

492 C. 54. 58° GEORGII III. A.D. 1818.

Schedule (B.) — continued.

Of Windows therein, otherwise than in manner herein after mentioned $ that is to say, all the Dwelling Rooms or Apartments in any such Public Building being occupied by any Officer, Matter, Mistress or Supenntendant of or belonging to or employed in the fame, or by any Servant of such Officer or Person as aforesaid; and the Officers, or Persons respectively by whom or by whose Servants such Rooms or Apartments are or shall be inhabited, shall be chargeable with and liable to pay the said Taxes as Occupiers of Houses are by Law chargeable with and liable to pay the same.

Where any Window or Light in any Dwelling House shall be occupied with or used for aJLoom which shall be standing at or under such Window or Light, and really used in Weaving, no Duty shall be charged in respect of such Window.

Any Dwelling House wholly occupied during the whole of any Year on and from the Sixth Day of January in such Year to the Fifth Day of January in the Year following, as a Boarding School for the Education of Children, and kept by a Person been fed to keep a School by the Ordinary of the Diocese, or the Justices at Sessions, shall not be charged with any higher Rate than One Shilling for each Window or Light therein; provided that if the said Rate of One Shilling for each Window shall have been paid in any Year, and that such House shall cease to be so occupied and kept as aforesaid within the Year for which such Rate shall have been paid, Credit shall be given for the Sum so paid out of the Charge to which such House shall become liable in consequence of ceasing to be occupied and kept as above mentioned.

Every House which shall be unoccupied from and after the Fifth Day of January in any Year until and at the time of making the Attettment, shall beinferted and described as such in the Attettment, with the Number of Windows or Lights therein, with the Outhouses, Offices, and Edifices appertaining thereto as aforesaid; and if such House shall continue wholly unoccupied during the whole of such Year, it mall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or any Three of them, upon due Proof of the Fa& made to their Satisfaction, to discharge such House from the Window Taxes chargeable thereon for such Year; and if any Person shall in the Course of such Year come into the Occupation of any House which shall be so inserted and described in the Attettment made in respect of such House for such Year, every such Person shall cause & Notice thereof in Writing to be given to the Collector of Excise of the District in which such House shall be situate, or other Officer in Charge of the Collection of such District within Twenty Days next after the time when such Person shall first occupy such House; and every Person who shall neglect to give such Notice within the time aforesaid, shall be liable to be charged with and shall pay the Rates and Taxes for Windows or Lights with which such House shall be chargeable and charged and attetted for the whole Year in which the fame became so occupied: Provided always, that if the Person who shall so occupy any such House shall give such Notice, the said Rates, Duties and Taxes shall be payable only from the time when such Person shall first occupy such House, according to the Rates aforesaid, proportioned to and estimated on the Period of such Year remaining unexpired at the time of such first Occupation; and when a Tenant of any House shall after the Attettment of the fame quit such House on the Determination of the Lease or Demise thereof, and Notice thereof in Writing shall within Twenty Days next after be given by such Person, or by the Owner or Landlord of such House, to the Collector of Excise of the District in which such House shall be situate, or other Officer in Charge of such Collection, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners or any Three of them to discharge such House from or to repay a rateable Proportion of the said Rates or Duties for the Remainder of such Year, in case it shall appear to the said Commissioners that such House shall have continued wholly unoccupied for and during the Remainder of such Year.

If Proof shall be made in the manner herein directed to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of Iijand Excise and Taxes in Ireland, or any Three of them, that any Person or Number of Persons in Partnership together respectively occupy a Tenement or Building (although the same shall have been previously occupied as a Dwelling House) as a House for the Purposes of Trade only, or as a Warehouse for the sole Purpose of lodging Goods* Wares or Merchandize therein, or as a Shop or Counting House, no Person inhabiting or dwelling or abiding therein, except in the Day time only for the Purpose of such Trade, such Person, or each of such Persons in Partnership respectively, residing in a separate and distinct Dwelling House, or Part of a Dwelling House charged with the Duties on Windows or Lights, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, according to the Provisions hereafter specified, to discharge the Attettment made in respect of such Tenement or Building which shall be so used for the Purpose of Trade, or so employed as a Warehouse for the sole Purpose of lodging Goods, Wares or Merchandize therein, or as a Shop or Counting House.

All such Tenements or Buildings, whether employed wholly for the Purposes of Trade, or as Warehouses for the sole Purpose of lodging Goods, Wares or Merchandize therein, or as Shops or Counting Houses, may be brought into Attettment as Dwelling Houses 5 and every Person intending to be relieved from any such Assessment shall give Notice thereof to some assessing Officer of the District or Walk where any such Tenement or Building shall be situate, and at the same time deliver a Declaration in Writing fluting the Parish or Place where the Dwelling House or Dwelling Houses, or Part of a Dwelling House used as the Residence of him, her or them, or his, her or their Family or Families, are respectively situate; and any attefling Officer of such Walk or District, who by means of such Notice or otherwise shall have Information of such Claim being made, shall from time to time and at all times in the Day time be admitted to inspect and survey the Tenement or Building described to be so employed for the Purposes of Trade, as well internally as externally, and shall inquire and examine into the Uses and Purposes to which such Tenement or Building is or has been employed; and if after any such Claim made, or before or after Allowance thereof, it shall be discovered that the fame Tenement or Building hath been employed for any other Use than for the Purposes of Trade, or as a Warehouse

13 for

56° GEORGII III. C. 54. 493

Schedule ( B.) — continued.

for lodging Goods, Wares or Merchandize, or as a Shop or Counting House, or that any Person doth inhabit or dwell therein, except as aforesaid; then and in such Case the said Tenement or Building shall be assessed and charged as a Dwelling House to the said Rates, Duties and Taxes, in respect of the Windows br Lights therein, notwithstanding such Claim, or any thing herein contained to the contrary.

If the Owner or Occupier of any Mill or Place of Manufacture or Trade, or Warehouse not being Part or Parcel of any Dwelling House, nor occupied in part or in the whole as a Dwelling House, but employed solely for the Purpose of lodging Goods, Wares and Merchandize, or for the Purpose of carrying on some Manufacture or Trade, shall be authorized by Licence signed by the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, or any' Three of them, upon Application made to them by such Owner or Occupier, to appoint any One or more of the Servants of such Owner or Occupier named in such Licence to watch and guard the said Mill or Place of Manufacture or Trade or Warehouse in the Night time, in such Case the abiding of such licensed Servant therein, for the Purpose of watching and guarding the fame, shall not render the Owner or Occupiers thereof liable to any of the Duties on such Mill or Place of Manufacture or Trade or Warehouse, in respect of the Windows or Lights therein.

SCHEDULE (C.)

MALE SERVANTS.

A SCHEDULE of the Rates, Duties and Taxes payable annually for or in respect of every Male Servant

retained or employed by any Person or Persons.

NUMBER THEREOF. Duty.

In respect of 1 such Servant - - -x 2 - - - 3 - 4 - 5 and upwards - And for each and every Servant exceeding the Number of Five, the further Sum of & t. d. 2 2 0 5 5 0 880 12 0 0 i55 0 440

RULES for charging the said Duties.

The said Duties shall be paid by the Person who shall retain or employ such Male Servant or Servants, and shall be paid for every Male Servant who shall be retained or employed by any Person, at any .time between the Fifth Day of January in any Year, and the Sixth Day of January in the Year following, in any of the following Capacities; that is to say, Maitre d* Hotel, House Steward, Master of the Horse, Groom of the Chamber, Valet deChambre, Butler, Under Butler, Clerk of the Kitchen, ConfeCioner, Cook, House Porter, Footman, Running Footman, Coachman, Groom, PoflillioR, Stable Boy or Helper in the Stables, Gardener, Park Keeper, Game Keeper, Huntsman or Whipper in, or by whatever Name or Nkmes Male Servants, really acting in any of the said Capacities, shall be called or known, or whether such Malie Servants shall have been or shall be retained or employed in one or more of the said Capacities, or in any other Business, jointly with any one or more of the fame; and for every Servant hired by the Year with any Carriage or Hortes, the Tax on such Servant so hired shall be charged and chargeable on the Person who shall use such Servant on Hire with any Carriage and Horses as aforesaid.

EXEMPTIONS from the said Rates and Duties.

Any Servant who shall be really retained or employed solely for the Purpose of Husbandry or Manufacture, or of any Trade or Calling by which the Master or Mistress of such Servant shall earn a Livelihood or Profit.

Any Servant of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, or of the College of the Holy and Undivided Trinity of Queen Elizabeth near Dublin, or any Servant of the Royal Hospital near Kilmainham, or of the Blue Coat Hospital or Lying in Hospital in Dublin, or of any Hospital or Charitable Institution.

One Servant of any Officer serving in any Regiment of Horse or Dragoons, under the Rank or not receiving the* Pay of a Field Officer, provided such Officer retains no more than one Servant 5 and any Servant of any Officer serving in any Regiment of Artillery, Infantry or Marines, or Corps of Engineers, such Servant being actually a Soldier in the Regiment or Company to which such Officer shall belong; and any Servant of any Officer in His Majesty's Navy, under the Rank of a Master and Commander in actual Employment, such Servant being borne upon the Books of the Ship to which such Officer shall belong.

Any Boy apprenticed to serve for any Term not exceeding Seven Years, by the Foundling Hospital, the Incorporated Society for promoting English Protestant Schools in Ireland, the Hibernian School for Soldiers' Children, the Hibernian Marine Society or any Society or Charitable Institution in Ireland for the Care and Education of Children, supported in the whole or in part by Public Money or Assessment*

SCHEDULE

494

C. 54- 58° GEORGII III. A.D. 1818.

SCHEDULE (D.) CLERKS AND SHOPMEN.

A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable annually for any Male Person retained or employed in the several

Capacities after mentioned:

For every Male Person employed by any Person in Trade, or exercising any Profession whatever, as a Clerk or Book Keeper, or Office Keeper (except Apprentices, for or with whom no Sum, or no Sums higher than Twenty Pounds, has been paid or contracted for as a Fee or Reward), the yearly Sum of -

For every Male Person employed by any Person in Trade as a Shopman (except Apprentices as aforesaid), for the Purpose of exposing to Sale, or felling Goods, Wares or Merchandize in any Shop or Warehouse, whether by Wholesale or Retail, the yearly Sum of

£. s. d<

200

200

RULES for charging the said Duties.

The said Duties shall be paid by the Person or Persons who shall retain or employ such Male Person or fcersons, and shall be paid for every Person who shall be retained or employed in any of the said Capacities, by any Person or Persons, at any time between the Fifth Day of January in any Year, and the Sixth Day of January in the Year following.

SCHEDULE (E.)

CARRIAGES.

A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable annually for or in respect of all Carriages of any of the Descriptions

after mentioned.

NUMBER OF CARRIAGES. Amount of the Duty.

For Carriages with Four Wheels: For 1 such Carriage the annual Sum of - - 2- - 3 - - - 4 " c and upwards - And for eacn and every such Carriage exceeding the Number of Five, the further Sum of And for every additional Body for the fame Carriage, the further annual Sum of For Carriages with less than Four Wheels; For every fcich Carriage drawn by One Horse, Mare, Gelding or Mule, and no more And for every such Carriage drawn by Two or more Horses, Mares, Geldings or Mules*And for every additional Body for the fame Carriage, the further Sum of For every Car or Carriage fitted up for carrying Persons, commonly known by the Name of a Jaunting Car, with not more than Two Wheels, and drawn only by One Horse, Mare, Gelding or Mule - / IO O O 22 O O 33 0 0 45 0 0 57 0 0 12 0 0 5 5 0 5 5° 900 3 3 0 220

RULES for charging the said Duties.

The said Duties shall be respectively charged for every Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Calash, Chaise Marine, Chaise, Sociable or Caravan, or other Carriage of the like kind, with Four Wheels 5 and for every Calash, Chaise Marine, Chaise, Curricle, Chair or Jaunting Car, or Pleasure Car, with less than Four Wheels, or other Carriages of the like kind; and for any Number of such Carriages respectively, which any Person shall have or keep at any time, between the Fifth Day of January in any Year, and the Sixth Day of January in the Year next following; and which Rates, Duties and Taxes shall be respectively paid by tfye Person or Persons having or keeping any such Carriage.

Any Person who shall have in his or her rofiession, Care or Keeping, any Carriage whatever, chargeable with any Rate, Duty or .Tax, the Rate, Puty or Tax on which shall not have been charged on or paid by the Owner of such Carriage, shall and may be chargeable and charged with, and shall pay the Rate, Duty and Tax payable for such Carriage, in the same manner as such Owner is or ought to be charged or chargeable for the fame; and it shall and may be lawful to collect and levy such Rates, Duties and Taxes of and from every such Person, in the same manner, and with the like Powers and Authorities, as it would be lawful to collect, and levy such Rates, Duties and Taxes, of and from the Owner of such Carriage if the fame was in the Possession of such Owner; and Proof of the Payment of the Rate, Duty or Tax for and in respect of such

12 Carriage

58° GEORGII UL

a

Schedule (E.) — continued

Carriage by the Owner thereof, shall lie on the Person who shall keep or have the fame in his or her Poflef-hon; and the Person so paying the fame for or on behalf of the Owner as aforesaid, shall have a Lien on the said Carriage for the Amount of the Sum which shall have been so paid for or on behalf of such Owner.

EXEMPTIONS and ABATEMENTS from the said Rates and Duties.

Stage Coaches, Hackney Coaches, and other Hackney Carriages, Coaches, Chaises and other Carriages kept for Hire by any Innkeeper or Person licensed to let and letting out Horses to travel Post by the Mile, or from Stajge to Stage; and such Carriage kept for no other Purpose but to be let for Hire to travel Post by the Mile, or from Stage to Stage, and having the Owner's Name legibly painted on the Outside of the Door Pafcnel or Shafts of the fame, as the Case may be.

Coaches, Chaises or other Carriages kept to be let for Hire, for and in respect whereof any Rate, Duty or Tax applicable to local Purposes in Ireland, shall have been imposed by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force in Ireland; and which Rate, Duty or Tax shall be annually paid by the Owner.

Carriages kept for Sale by the Makers thereof, until the same shall have been fold or used.

Any Person who is or shall be duly licensed to carry on the Trade of a Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages, and any Person who is or shall be duly licensed to carry on the Trade of selling Carriages by Auction or on Commission, shall not be chargeable with the Rate, Duty or Tax for or in respect of any Carriage in the Custody or Possession of such Coachmaker or Maker or Seller of Carriages respectively bon& side for Sale; nor shall the Owner or Proprietor of any such Carriage be chargeable; provided that every such Carriage shall have been actually delivered into the Manufactory of such (joachmaker or Maker or Seller of Carriages on or before the Sixth Day of January in any Year for which such Carriage would be otherwise chargeable, and shall have from thence continually remained there.

Whenever any Person who shall have paid the Duty or Tax on any Carriage kept by such Person, shall part with such Carriage in the Course of any Year, beginning on the Sixth Day of January, and shall in lieu thereof receive and keep any other Carriage of the like Kind or Description, or any Carriage chargeable with a lower Rate, Duty or Tax than such Person had paid for the Carriage parted with, shall not be chargeable with the Rate, Duty or Tax, in respect of such second Carriage so received in lieu of such former one, for the Year ending the Fifth Day of January next after the receiving of such Second Carriage.

When any Person shall have paid the Rate, Duty or Tax on any Carriage kept by such Person, and shall part with such Carriage in the Course of any Year, beginning on the Sixth Day of January, and shall in lieu thereof receive and keep any Carriage chargeable with a higher Rate, Duty or Tax than such Person had paid for the Carriage which such Person had so parted with, every such Person shall be allowed Credit for the Sum so paid out of the Rate, Duty or Tax chargeable in respect of such Second Carriage so received in lieu of such former one, for the Year ending the Fifth Day of January next after the receiving such Second Carriage; provided that such Person shall not at one and the /fame tiihe have had or kept both the said Carriages; and it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, or any Three of them, after the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, and so in like manner after the Fifth Day of January in any fuMequent Year, to make any Repayment of the Rates, Duties or Taxes which any Person shall have paid or shall pay in respect of any Carriage which such Person had or shall have or keep in his or her Possession in the Year ending the said Fifth Day of January One thou-(sod eight hundred and nineteen*, or in any subsequent Year ending the Fifth Day of January, upon Proof being made to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners that such Carriage was not in any manner whatever used at any time or times in the Year ending the Fifth Day of January, in respect of which Year such Repayment shall be claimed by such Person; and every such Repayment shall be made at the Discretion of the said Commissioners, and in such manner and under such Conditions and Regulations as they or any Three of them shall direct or appoint.

SCHEDULE (F.)

A SCHEDULE of the Rates, Duties and Taxes on Carriages chargeable on and payable by the Makers

and Sellers thereof.

For and upon every Carriage chargeable with any Rate, Duty or Tax, which any Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages shall make, build or construA for Sale, and for every Carriage so chargeable which shall be sold by any Person in Ireland, or on Commission, the several and respective Sums following; that is to say,

For every such Carriage with Four Wheels, the Sum of

For every such Carriage with less than Four Wheels, the Sum of

if. i. d.

i o o o io o

To be paid by the Coachmaker or Maker thereof respectively, Auctioneer or Person felling the fame respectively, over and above all Duties on such Sale.

SCHEDULE

SCHEDULE (G.) HORSES.

A SCHEDULE of the Rates, Duties and Taxes payable annually for and in respect of all Horses, Mares and Geldings kept by any Person or Persons, for Riding, or for drawing any Carriage chargeable with Duty, at any time between the Fifth Day of January in any Year, and the Sixth Day of January in the Year following.

NUMBER OF HOUSES.

Duty.

For i such Horse, Mare or Gelding r

2 - - - r

4 v

5 and upwards.

And for each and every Horse exceeding the Number of Five, the further Sum of

£. /. 4 2 2 0

- 6 6 o

- 990

- 16 16 o

- 21 o o

- 4 4 0

RULES for charging the said DUTIES.

Any Person who shall have in his or her Possession, Care or Keeping, any Horse, Mare or Gelding whatsoever chargeable with any Rate, Duty or Tax, the Rates, Duties or Taxes on which shall not have been charged on or paid by the Owner of such Horse, Mare or Gelding, shall and may be chargeable and charged with, and shall pay the Rate, Duty and Tax payable for such Horse, Mare or Gelding, in the same manner as such Owner is chargeable for the fame; and it shall and may be lawful to collect and levy such Rates, Duties and Taxes of and from every such Person, in the same manner and with the like Powers and Authorities as it would be lawful to collect and levy such Rates, Duties and Taxes of and from the Owner of such Horse, Mare or Gelding, if the fame was in the Possession of such Owner; and Proof of the Payment of the Rate, Duty or Tax for and in respect of such Horse, Mare or Gelding, by the Owner thereof, shall lie oa the Person who shall keep or have the fame in his or her Possession; and the Person so paying the fame for or on behalf of the Owner as aforesaid shall have a Lien on the said Horse, Mare or Gelding, for the Amount of the Sum which shall have been so paid for or on behalf of such Owner.

EXEMPTIONS from the said Rates and Duties.

Race Hoxfes charged in Schedule (H.)

Ahy Horse, Mare or Gelding under Three Years old,

Any Horse, Mare or Gelding used truly and without Fraud, for the Purpose of Hufcandry only, on Land occupied by the Owner of such Horse, Mare or Gelding, or for the Purpose of drawing any Waggon, Cart or Carriage not liable to Duty under this Act, or carrying Burthens in the Course of the Trade or Occupation of the Person or Persons to whom such Horse, Mare or Gelding shall belong, although such Horse, Mare or Gelding shall be used for Riding on the Occasion and in the manner herein after mentioned; that is to say, when returning from any Place to which any Load or Burthen shall have, by such Horse, Mare or Gelding, been drawn or carried, or when going to any Place from whence any Load or Burthen shall be to be brought back by any such Horse, Mare or Gelding, or for the Purpose of procuring Medical Assistance, or for the Purpose of going to and from Market, or to or from any Place of Public Worship, or to or from any Election of any Member to serve in Parliament, or to or from any Court of Justice; provided such Horse, Mare or Qelding shall not on any Occasion be used for any other Purpose.

One Horse, Mare or Gelding used by any Person occupying a Farm, and making a Livelihood solely thereby, or by any Ecclesiastical Person not possessed of an annual Income of One hundred Pounds or upwards, whether arising from any Ecclesiastical Preferment or otherwise, such Persons respectively not having or keeping any other Horse, Mare or Gelding for Riding, or for drawing any Carriage chargeable with any Duty under this Act.

One Horse, Mare or Gelding used by any Person enrolled or to be enrolled and serving in any Troop of Yeomanry Cavalry in Ireland, who shall have attended on Horseback One half at lead of the Number of Days appointed for liim to exercise or to be on Duty in the Year, and who shall produce a Certificate from the Commanding Officer or Permanent Serjeant of such Attendance.

SCHEDULE (H.)

RAGE HORSES.

A SCHEDULE of the Rate, Duty and Tax payable annually for and in respect of Race Horses kept by any Person at any time between tike Fifth Day of January in any Year, and the Sixth Day of January in the Year following.

For every Horse, Mare or Gelding boni side kept for the Purpose only of racing or running £ s. d.

for any Plate, Prize or Sum of Money, or other thing, or kept in training for any of the said Purposes, whether in the Stable of the Proprietor or Proprietors, or of any other Person or Persons - -2176

58° GEORGII III. & 54, 55.

Schedule (H.) — continued

Any Person who shall hare in his Possession, Care or Keeping, any such Race Horse, the Rate, Duty or Tax on which shall not have been charged or paid by the Owner of such Race Horse, shall and may be chargeable and charged with, and shall pay the Rate, Duty and Tax payable for such Race Horse, in the same manner as such Owner is or ought to be charged or chargeable for the fame; and it shall and may be lawful to collect and levy such Rates, Duties and Taxes of and from every such Person, in the same manner and with the like Powers and Authorities as it would be lawful to collect and levy such Rates, Duties and Taxes of and from the Owner of such Race Horse, if the fame was in the Possession of such Owner; and Proof of the Payment of the Rate, Duty or Tax, for and in respect of such Race Horse, by the Owner thereof, shall keep or have the fame in his or her Possession; add the Person so paying the fame for or on behalf of the Owner as aforesaid shall have a Lien on the said Race Horse for the Amount of the Sum that shall have been so paid by him or her.

SCHEDULE (I.)

DOGS.

A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable annually for or in respect of Dogs kept by any Person at anytime between the Fifth Day of January in any Yfcar, and the Sixth Day of January in the Year following.

L

For every Greyhound kept by any Person, whether the fame be his or her Property, or the Property of any other Person or Persons -

For every Hound, Pointer or Setting Dog, Spaniel, Terrier or Lurcher, where only one fuqh Dog is kept -

For every Hound, Pointer, Setting Dog, Spaniel, Terrier or Lurcher, and for every other Dog where any Person shall keep Two or more Dogs, of what Description or Denomination the fame may be, except Greyhounds, whether the fame may be the Property of him, her or them, or of any other Person or Persons -

For every Dog not being a Greyhound, Hound, Pointer, Setting Dog, Spaniel, Terrier or Lurcher, kept by any rerson having one such Dog and no more, whether the fame be the Property of him, her or them, or the Property of any other Person or Persons, the annual Sum of -

£. s. d.

too on 6

o 14 o

o fro

Any Person who shall have in his or her Possession, Care or Keeping, any Dog whatever chargeable with the said Rate, Duty or Tax, the Rate, Duty or Tax on which shall not have been charged on or paid by the Owner of such Dog, shall and may be chargeable and charged with, and shall pay the Rate, Duty and Tax payable for such Dog, in the same manner as such Owner is or ought to be charged or chargeable for the fame; and it shall and may be lawful to collect and levy such Rates, Duties and Taxes of and fironi every such Person, in the same manner and with the like Powers and Authorities as it would be lawful to collect and levy such Rates, Duties and Taxes of and from the Owner of such Dog, if the fame was in the Possession of such Owner; and Proof of the Payment of the Rate, Duty or Tax for and in respect of such Dog, by the Owner thereof, shall lie on the*Person who shall keep or have the fame in his or her Possession; and the Person so paying the fame for or on behalf of the Owner as aforesaid shall have a Lien on the said Dog for the Amount of the Sum that shall have been so paid for or on behalf of such Owner.

EXEMPTIONS.

' Any Dog or Whelp under the Age of Six Calendar Months.

All Dogs kept by any Person who Audi, in respect of the several Dogs kept by such Person in each Year, pay the full Sum of Twenty Pounds British Currency, by way of Composition, for all such Dogs, before the twenty fourth Day of June in each Year.

Any Dog, not being a Hound, Greyhound, Pointer, Setting Dog, Spaniel, Terrier or Lurcher, kept by the Occupier of any House not subject to any Tax with respect to Hearths or Windows, who shall keep one such Dog, and no more.

497

CAP. LV.

An Act to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen. Two Acts of the Fifty fourth Year of His present Majesty, for repealing the Duties of Customs on Madder imported into Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof. [lft June 1818.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fifty fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled 34 G. 3. c. 26.

An Act for repeating the Duties of Customs on Madder imported into Great Britain, and for granting

other Duties in lieu thereof to continue in force until the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and seventeen: And Whereas another Act was passed in the lame Semon of Parliament, intituled AnAS to 54 G.3.0.27.

rc&tly a Miftahein an Act of the present Session of Parliament for repealing the Duties of Customs on Madder imported into Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in Ueu thereof: And Whereas an Act was paflc4

in the Fifty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to eontinuef until the Twenty fifth j6 G. 3. c. 6p.

Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eighteen % Two A3s of the Fifty fourth Year of His present

58 Geo. III. Majesty

498

Fit ft recited Act, as amend, cd, continued.

C. 55>56, 57. 58° GEORGII III. A.D. 1818.

Majesty, ybr repealing the Duties of Cufipms ok 4fodder imported into Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof; and which was continued by an Act of the present Session of Parliament until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eighteen: And Whereas it is expedient that the said first recited Act, as altered by the second recited Act> (hQuld be further continued Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commoo|| in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said first recited Act> as amended by the said second recited Act, shall be further continued from the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, to the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen.

CAP. LVI.

An Act to make perpetual an Act of the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty, for granting an additional Bounty on the Exportation of the Silk Manufactures of Great Britain.

[1st June 1818.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that an Act made in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for granting* during the Continuance of the present War, and until Six Months after the Ratification of a definitive Treaty of Peace, an additional Bounty on the Exportation of the Silk Manufactures of Great Britain, which was continued by an Act of the last Session of Parliament until the Fifth*Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, should be made perpetual5' Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and made perpetual. Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act of the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign shall be and the fame is hereby made perpetual.

CAP. LVII.

An Act to amend an Act of the Fifty fifth Year of His present Majesty, for granting Duties of Excise in Ireland upon certain Licences, and for securing the Payment of such Duties and the regulating the issuing of such Licences.

[1st June 1818.]

SS G. 3. c. 19. t TTTHiJREAS in and by an Act made in the Fifty fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to grant certain Duties of Excise upon Licences for the Sale of Spirituous and other Liquors by Retail* and upon Licences to Persons dealing in Excise able Commodities in Ireland, in lieu of the Stamp Duties payable upon such Licences, and to secure the Payment of such Excise Duties, and to regulate the issuing of such Licences, and to discourage the immoderate Use of Spirituous Liquors in Ireland, the several

§ x.*Acts therein recited for regulating amongst other things Licences for the Sale of Spirituous and other

Liquors by Retail in Ireland are repealed, lave as therein mentioned, and also save and except such Clauses, c Regulations apd Provisions in the said several Acts or any of them as were in force immediately before

the parting of the said recited Act of the Fifty fifth Year aforesaid, in any way relating to or concerning

Persons licensed in Ireland as Grocers, with respect to their having or obtaining Licences to sell Spirituous

or other Liquors by Retail, all which last mentioned Clauses, Regulations, and Provisions are, by the said

§ 4 recited Act of the Fifty fifth Year aforesaid, directed to be and continue in force as to such Grocers, and

to be applied to such Grocers, with respect to the Duties and Regulations in the said recited Act contained,

4 as if the fame were repeated and re-enacted in the said Act s And Whereas by One of the said Acts in force in Ireland at the time of the parting of the said Act of the Fifty fifth Year aforesaid, that is to say,

45 G. 3. c. 50. 4 by an Act made in the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for regulating

Licences for the Sale of Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale and Cyder, by Retail, and for discouraging the h 19* 4 immoderate Use (f Spirituous Liquors in Ireland, it is amongd other things enacted, that no Person exer-

cifipg by himself, or any Person for his Use or Benefit, the Trade or Business of a Grocer, or who shall be licensed as a Grocer, or in whose House, or in any Building occupied by him or her, or any House or ' Building adjoining thereto, and which shall communicate with such House or Building, the Trade or Bufi- ness of a Grocer shall be carried 00, shall be capable of receiving a Licence to sell Spirituous Liquors,

Wine, Beer, Ale or Cyder, by Retail: And Whereas by one other of the said Acts in force in Ireland at the time of the parting of the said Act of the Fifty fifth Year, that is to say, by an Act made in the Forty seventh Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to make further Regulations with respect to Licences for the Sale of Spirituous and other Liquors by Retail in Ireland, it is amongst other things enacted and provided, that any Grocer or Person exercising the Trade or Business of a Grocer, who shall

1 be licensed as a Grocer in any Place where the Duty to be paid for a Licence to sell Spirituous or other

Liquors by Retail shall not be less than Twenty two Pounds, should be capable of being licensed in such

Place to retail Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale, Porter, Cyder or Perry, or Metheglin or Mead;

- provided that it should not be lawful for such Grocer or Person aforesaid, having a Licence for retailing Spirituous or other Liquors, to fell any Spirituous Liquors in any Quantity less than Two reputed Quarts,

nor to fell any Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale or Porter, Cyder or Perry, Metheglin or Mead, to be ' consumed in the House, Outhouse, Building, Hut, Tent or Place whatever, occupied by such Grocer or Person aforesaid: And Whereas by one other of the said Acts in force in Ireland at the time of the passing of the said Act of the Fifty fifth Year aforesaid, that is to say, by an Act made in the Fifty third Year of

53 G. 3. c. 137.«His Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to amend the several A3s for regulating Licences for the Sale of K*Spirituous

47 G.3. Sess. i. c. 12.

§14*

A.D. 1818. 58° GEORGII III. C. 57.

Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale and Cyder, by Retail in Ireland* it is any>ngft other things enacted*

that whenever any such Licence to retail Spirituous Liquors should be required oy such Grocer or other Person, it should be lawful to grant such Licence to such Grocer* in Places where the Duty ort such Licences is Forty Pounds, upon Payment by fudh Grocer or Person of the Sum of Thirty Pounds only 5 1 and in Places where the Duty on such Licences id Thirty three Pounds, upon Payment by such Grocer

or other Person of the Sum of Twenty five Pounds only; and in Places where the Duty on such Licences is Twenty two Pounds, upon Payment by such Grocer or other Person of the Sum of Seventeen Pounds only: And Whereas it is expedient that the said Regulations and Provisions in the said recited Acts of the

Forty fifth. Forty seventh and Fifty third Years, relating to Grocers, should be repealed Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, the said hereinbefore recited Regulations and Provisions in the said recited Acts of the Forty fifth, Forty seventh and Fifty third Years aforesaid, shall be and the same are hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this*Ad, any Grocer or Person who shall be licensed as a Grocer, shall be capable of being licensed in any Place in Ireland to sell Spirituous and other Liquors by Retail; and that it shall and may be lawful for every such Grocer so licensed, who shall pay the full Rate or Amount of Duty payable by any Person on such Licence for selling Spirituous or other Liquors by Retail, under the said recited Act of the Fifty fifth Year aforesaid, to sell Spirituous Liquors in any Quantity less than Two reputed Quarts, any thing in any Act or Acts to the? contrary not* withfUnding: Provided always, that it shall not be lawful for any such Grocer so licensed, nor shall any such Licence authorize* any such Grocer to fell any Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale or Porter, Cyder or Perry, Metheglin or Mead, to be consumed in any House, Outhouse, Building, Hut, Tent or Place whatever, occupied by such Grocer; and if any such licensed Grocer shall fell any such Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale or Pprter, Cyder or Perry, Metheglin or Mead, to be consumed in any House* Outhouse or Building, Hut, Tent or Place whatever, occupied by such Grocer, contrary to this Act, such Grocer shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds.

III. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act it shall not be lawful for any Grocer to be licensed to sell Spirituous or other Liquors by Retail, upon Payment of any less Duty than is payable, under the Schedule to the said recited Act of the Fifty fifth Year aforesaid annexed, upon Licences to sell Spirituous and other Liquors by Retail in the Place for which such Licence shall be granted: Provided always, that if any Grocer who shall have any Licence to sell Spirituous Liquors by Retail in force at the time of the passing of this Act, and who, undef the Provisions of the said recited Acts hereby repealed, or any of them, shall nave paid, on the taking out of such Licence, any Sum of Money less than the full Duty specified in the said Schedule, shall, at any time after the passing of this Act, pay such additional Sum as shall make the whole Duty paid by such Person amount to the full Duty payable on such Licence under the said recited Act of the Fifty fifth Year aforesaid, and the Schedule thereto annexed, together with the further Sum of One Shilling in the Pound on the Amount of such additional Sum, every such Grocer who (halt make such Payment, but not otherwise, shall be authorized, during the1 timfc such Licence shall continue in force, to sell Spirituous Liquors in any Quantity less than Two reputed Quarts, any thing in any Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding; and if any Grocer so having any Licence for the retailing of Spirituous Liquors in force at the time of the passing of this Act, but who shall not pay such further Duty or Sum aforesaid, shall fell any Spirituous Liquors in any less Quantity than Two reputed Quarts, every such Grocer shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Officer of Excise to enter in the Day time into any House, Shop, Storehouse, Workhouse, Manufactory, or other Place, of any Person or Persons who shall deal in, retail, make, fell or keep, or expose for Sale* any of the respective Articles or things, or exercise or carry on any Trade, Occupation or Calling, for the exercising or carrying on of which a Licence is by Law required, and to demand the View of the proper Licence to such Person; and if a proper Licence in force shall not be produced, such Officer shall report the same to the Collector of Excise of the District or other Officer in Charge of the Collection of such District; and thereupon, and if such Person shall not have applied for and obtained such Licence when such Demand shall have been made, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Collector or other Officer so in Charge as aforesaid, to issue his Warrant under his Hand and Seal to empower any Person or Persons to take and distrain all Goods and Chattels found in such House, Shop* Storehouse, Workhouse, Manufactory or other Place belonging to such Person, and to cause the same to be sold by Public Auction, giving Six Days previous Notice thereof, (unless the same shall be redeemed before such Sale shall have taken place, ) by Payment as herein after mentioned, save as to the Costs of the Sale; and if after Payment of the full Amount of the Duty payable on such Licence, together with the Sum of One Shilling in the Pound thereon, and the Costs and Expences of such taking, distraining and Sale thereof, there shall be any Surplus of the Produce arising from the Sale thereof, such Surplus shall be forthwith tendered and paid to such Person or his Representatives, and thereupon the Collector or other Officer aforesaid shall, if the Party against whom such Warrant shall have been issued, desire the fame, and shall be duly entitled thereto, grant him a Licence for carrying on such Trade without further Request.

V. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend in any manner to repeal Or affect any of the Clauses, Authorities, Rules, Regulations, Provisions, Matters or things contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament in force at the time of the Commencement of this Act, relating to or in respect of any Licences granted under the Authority of the Commissioners of Inland Excise

3 S 2 and

499

5 4.

45 G*3* C. 50. 47 0.3. Se(T. a. c. 12. arid 53 0-3*137. relating to Grocers, repealed. Licensed Grocers may be licensed to fell Spirits by Retail, but not to be consumed in their Houses.

Penalty 10l.

Duty not to be less than what is payable under the Schedule of recited Act 55G. 3. C. 1, Grocers having Licences to pay such additional bum as may be necessary to make up the whole Duty payable under such Schedule, &c. and the further Sum of is. in the Pound on the Amount thereof. Penalty 10L Officer may enter Premiser, in the D^y time, and demand a View of Licence, and report if no licence produced.

Distress for Amount of Licence Duty, &c.

And thereupon Licence may be granted.

Proviso for other Acts, except where hereby Altered.

500 C*57j5&58° GEORGII III. A.D. 18*i8.

Recovery and Application of Penalties.

Irish A 14 & 15 C. 2, 46 G. 3. c. xo6.

Appeal

and Taxet in Ireland, except where the fame is or are expressly repealed by this Act; and that, except as aforesaid, all such Clauses, Authorities, Rules, Regulations, Provisions, Matters and things shall be and remain in full Force and EfFed, to all Intents and Purposes, as if this Act had not been made, and shall be applied in the Execution of this Act as fully and effectually as if the fame were repeated and re-enacted in this Act, and that the said Acts and this Act shall be construed together as one Ad, so far as the same are compatible and confident with each other.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures inflicted by this Act, shall be paid and recovered in British Currency, and shall and may be sued for and recovered, levied and applied, in such manner and Form, and by such Ways and Means, and with such Powers and Authorities, as are prescribed, directed and appointed in and by an Act of Parliament made in Ireland, in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King Charlet the Second, intituled An Act for the settling of the Excise or new Impojl upon His Majesty, Hit Heirt and Successort, according to the Book of Rates therein inserted, or in and by an Act made in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to provide for the better Execution of the several ASt relating to the Revenues, Mattert and thingt under the Management of the CommissionCrt of Customs and Port Dutiet, and of the Commissioners of Inland Excise, and Taxet, in Ireland, or in and by any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland relating to Hfis Majesty's Revenue of Excise, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame were particularly mentioned and expressed and re-enacted in this Act, with like Remedy of Appeal to and for the Party or Parties who shall think him, her or themselves aggrieved or injured, as in and by the said Acts, or any Act or Acts in force in Ireland relating to His Majesty's Revenue of Excise, is provided.

Paymaster allowed Vifem-boditd Pay.

Oath.

Residence of certain Officers to be where Arms of the Corps ire kept.

The following Oath to be taken to entitle to such Allowances.

i

CAP. LVIII.

Ail Ad to defray the Charge of the Pay, Clothing and Contingent Expences of the DifembodieJ Militia in Great Britain; and for granting Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers, Adjutants, Quartermasters, Surgeons, Surgeons' Mates, and Serjeant Majors of Militia, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nineteen.

[1st June 1818.]

[Thit AS it the fame at 57 G. 3. c. 102, except at to Dates, at to the Sessions that are here retainedy and

at to the Title, '] '

II. Provided always and be it further enacted, That any Paymaster of disembodied Militia, being on Naval or Military Half Pay, or being entitled to any Allowance as having served in any of His Majesty's Regular Forces, or Navy or Marines, shall and may and he is hereby empowered to receive and take the aforesaid Rates of disembodied Pay, (videlicet) Six Shillings, Five Shillings or Foiir Shillings per Diem, as the case may be, and the receiving and taking such Rates of disembodied Pay as aforesaid shall not prevent such Paymaster on Half Pay, or being entitled to any such Allowance, from receiving his Half Pay or such Allowance, and such Paymaster shall take the following Oath before some Justice of the Peace, who is hereby empowered to administer the same.

I A.B. do swear I had not between the and the

any Place or Employment of Profit, Civil or Military, under His Majesty, besides my Allowance of

Half Pay as a reduced in His Majesty's Navy (or in the Marines, or in

late Regiment of)or Allowance as in late Troop of Horse

Guards, or ( Regiment of Horse reduced), save and except my disembodied Pay (of Six

Shillings, Five Shillings, or Four Shillings, at the case may be, ) as Paymaster of the Militia/

And the taking the said Oath shall be sufficient to entitle such Paymaster to receive his Half Pay or the said Allowance without taking any other Oath; any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, That every Adjutant, Paymaster, Surgeon, Quartermaster, Non Commissioned Officer and Drummer of Regular Militia, when disembodied, shall be constantly resident within the City, Town or Place where the Arms of the Corps to which such Officers belong are kept, or within such reasonable Distance of the Depot as shall be fandioned by the Secretary at War: Provided always, that every such Adjutant, Paymaster, Surgeon, Quartermaster, Non Commissioned Officer or Drummer, shall forfeit his Pay for any Period during which he shall be absent, except when absent by Leave from the Colonel or Commandant of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps, which Leave shall not extend beyond Three Calendar Months in One Year, except in case of certified Sickness, nor to a greater Proportion than One third of the Non Commissioned Officers and Drummers at the same time, or beyond such Period of Three Months, except in case of Sickness.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Subaltern Officers and Surgeons' Mates of the Militia who shall claim under the Authority of this Act to receive any Part of the said Allowances, shall previous to receiving the fame, and in order to entitle themselves thereto, take and subscribe an Oath before some one of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace in the United Kingdom, in the Words or to the Effect following; (videlicet, )

I A.B. do swear, That I belonged to the of Militia when the fame was disembodied,

and that I have continued to Serve therein from that time until the Day of

inclusive, as a Lieutenant, Ensign or Surgeon's Mate (at the case may be) 5 and that I was not in my own

Right or in Right of my Wife, during the said Period, in the actual Possession and Enjoyment or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments of such an annual Value above Reprizes

as would qualify me to hold a Commission of Captain of a Company in the Militia; that I have not during

12«th

501

A.D. 1818. 58° GEORGII III. C. 58 — 61.

the above Period held the Appointment of Adjutant, Surgeon, Payraafler or Quartermaster in any Regi-

went, Battalion or Corps of Militia; that I did not hold or enjoy, nor did any Person for me hold or enjoy, during the said Period, any Office or Income whatsoever from the Public, or from any other Government, except my Half Pay as a of the Army, Navy, Marines, or of a Provisional

Battalion formed from the Militia (as the case may be)* So help me GOD.*

Which Oath so taken and subscribed shall be produced to the Paymaster of the Regiment of Militia by the Subaltern Officer or Surgeon's Mate claiming the Allowance.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That every reduced Adjutant entitled to any Allowance under the 'Reduced Adju-said Act of the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Year aforesaid, or any subsequent Acts continuing such Allowance, tant«may take or this Act, may receive and take such Allowance together with any Full Pay, Half Pay or Allowance which Allowance was tenable together with such reduced Allowance under the Provisions of an Act passed in the Twenty sixth other aSowmjc^ Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled^/: Act for amending and reducing into one Ad of Par- to which they liament the Laws relating to the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, or under the Provisions may be entitled.

of the aforesaid Acts of the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty: Provided G-3-c 107*

always, that no such reduced Adjutant shall be entitled to receive any Allowance under this Act during the time he shall hold any Place or Employment of Profit, Civil or Military, under His Majesty, other than such as aforesaid.

CAP. LIX.

An Act for defraying, until the Twenty fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia of Ireland; and for making Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers of the said Militia during Peace. [ill June 1818.]

[This A8 is the same as 57 G. 3. c. 103. except as to Dates.]

CAP. LX.

An Act to continue, until Three Months after the ceasing of any Restriction imposed on the Bank of England from ifiTuing Cash in Payment, the several Acts for confirming and continuing the Restrictions on Payments in Calli by the Bank of Ireland. [ill June 1818.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirty seventh Year of the Reign of irish Aa,

His present Majesty, intituled An Act for confirming and continuing for a limited time the Restrictions 37 G. 3.

contained in the Minute of Council of the Second Day of March One thousand seven hundred and ninety seven,

' on Payments in Cash by the Bank, it is amongst other things enacted, that it shall not be lawful for the

Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland to issue any Cafii in Payment of any Debt or Demand what-

ever, except according to the Provision therein contained; and that the said Act shall be in force and have

Continuance until Three Months after the Restriction imposed by an Act of the Parliament of Great Britain

on the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, from issuing Cash in Payment, shall cease, unless the Lord Lieutenant and Privy Council of IrelanJ should by an Order of Council direct that the said Restriction on the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland should sooner cease: And Whereas by an Act 43 G. 3. c. 44.

passed in the Parliament of the United Kingdom, in the Forty third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, the

laid recited Act of the Parliament of Ireland was amended and further continued; and by Four Acts, made

in the Forty fourth, Fifty fourth. Fifty fifth and Fifty sixth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, bothethe said recited Acts of the Thirty seventh and Forty third Years aforesaid were further continued: And

Whereas it is expedient to continue for a further time the said recited Acts of the Thirty seventh and Forty

third Years aforesaid May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said further con-recited Acts of the Thirty seventh and Forty third Years of His present Majesty's Reign shall have Continuance tlnue<L until the Expiration of Three Calendar Months next after any Restriction imposed or to be imposed by any Act made or to be made in this present Session of Parliament on the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, from issuing Cash in Payments, shall cease, unless the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors and the Privy Council of Ireland shall by an Order in Council direct that the said Restriction on the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland shall sooner cease.

CAP. LXI.

An Act for the better Accommodation of His Majesty's Packets within the Harbour on the North Side of the Hill of Howth, and for the better Regulation of the Shipping therein.

[1st June 1818.]

WHEREAS the Harbour on the North Side of the Hill of Howth, near Dublin, has been improved and nearly completed at the Public Expence, chiefly for the Accommodation and safe lying of His Majesty's Packets: And Whereas great Inconvenience may arise from the occasional crowded State of the

Harbour, and the Want of Regulation in mooring the Vessels therein* Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal,

and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after Lord Lieutenant

" the empowered % e

appoint Harbour Matter for Hovrth Harbour.

SO 0.3.0.72.

Power of Harbour Matter.

Refuting Sec. to moor, &c. according to Direction of Harbour Matter.

[Penalty.]

Obstruction mooring; &c.

Penalty..Commissioners under 50 G. 3. c. 72. may fell Lands vested in them not necessary for Purposes of Act, with Consent of Lord Lieutenant.

Recovery of Penalties.

50 G. 3.C. 110.

further continued.

45 G. 3. c.

49G. 3. C. 98.

C. 61, 62. 58° GEORGII III. A.D. 1818.

the passing of this Act it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, from time to time to appoint a Person to act as Harbour Mailer within the said Harbour, and to remove any Harbour Mailer so appointed, and to appoint another in his Room or Stead, with such Salary or Allowance as to the said Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors shall seem fitting and expedient, to be paid in like manner as the Salaries of any Officers appointed by the Commissioners for carrying into Execution an Act of the Fiftieth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for improving and completing the said Harbour, and rendering it a fit Situation for His Majesty's Packets.

II. And be it further enacted, That every such Harbour Mailer shall have full Power and Authority to direct the mooring, unmooring, moving and removing of all Ships or other Vessels coming into, or lying, or being in the said Harbour or any Part thereof, or any Place being within the Diilance of Five hundred Yards of the Entrance or Mouth of the said Harbour, and to appoint and regulate the time or times and the manner of their Entrance into, lying in, or going out of or from such Harbour, save and except in stormy or tem-pefbuous Weather, and to regulate and determine the Postion of such Ships and other Vessels; and in case any Owner, Mailer or other Person having the Charge or Command of any such Ship or other Vessel, shall refuse or neglect to moor, unmoor, place, move or remove his Ship or Vessel according to such JDireftion, immediately when Notice to him or them shall be given, or left with any Person or Persons on board of such Ship or Vessel for that Purpose, every such Owner, Mailer or other Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Harbour Mailer and his Afliftant8, and he or his Ailiilants are hereby required, to moor, unmoor, place, move or remove such Ship and Vessel accordingly; and in case any Mailer, Commander, Mate, Pilot or other Person or Persons taking Charge or Command of any Ship or other Vessel, or any other Person or Persons whosoever, shall obstruct or hinder the mooring, unmooring, placing, moving or removing of any Ship or other Vessel lying or being in the said Harbour, or being within the Diilance of Five hundred Yards of the Entrance or Mouth of the said Harbour, then and in every such case such Person or Persons so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners appointed for the Execution of the Act of the Fiftieth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for improving and completing the said Harbour, with the Consent and Approbation of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, to fell or demise any Part of any Land or Ground vested in the said Commissioners, and which shall not be required for the Purposes of the said Act, to any Person or Persons willing to purchase the fame, or to take the fame on Lease, for the Purpose of erecting thereon any House or Houses for the Residence of the said Harbour Master, or of any Officers of Customs or Excise stationed at the said Harbour, or for such other Purpose relative to the said Harbour as such Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors shall from time to time authorize, direct or appoint.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties to be incurred under this Act shall be recovered in a summary manner, before any One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Dublin, by Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels; and in case no sufficient Distress can be had, it shall and may be lawful for such Justice of the Peace to commit the Person or Persons so offending to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the said County, for any time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, or untilsuch Fine shall be paid.

CAP. LXII.

An Act to continue, until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, Two Acts of His present Majesty, allowing the bringing of Coals, Culm and Cinders to London and Westminster.

[1st June 1818.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to allow, until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and eleven, the bringing of Coals, Culm and Cinders to London and Westminster by Inland Navigation, which was continued by

several subsequent Acts until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, and it is expedient that the Act should be further continued Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act shall be and the fame is hereby further continued, from the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and nineteen.

II. And Whereas by an Act passed in the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for allowing, under certain ReJlriSions, until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and six, the bringing a limited Quantity of Coals, Culm or Cinders to London and Westminster by Inland Navigation, certain Duties were imposed on all Coals, Culm or Cinders brought along the Grand Junction or Paddington Canals nearer to London than the Stone or Post thereby required to be erected and maintained, on or near to the Towing Path of the said Grand Junction Canal, at or near the North East Point of Grove Pari, and contiguous to the Wharf then in the Possession and Occupation of the Earl of Clarendon: And Whereas the Amount of the said Duties was altered by three Acts of the Foily sixth, Forty seventh and Forty eighth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty: And Whereas by schedule A. annexed to an Act passed in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for repealing the several Duties of Customs chargeable in Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof, other 1 Duties are imposed in lieu thereof upon the said limited Quantity of Coals, Culm and Cinders, under the

14 4 Conditions,

A.D. 1818. 58° GEORGII III. C. 62, 63, 64. 503

Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions of the said first recited Act: And Whereas the said recited Acts

were further continued by several subsequent Acts until the First day of August One thousand eight hundred and eighteen: And Whereas it is expedient that the said Acts should be further continued Be it therefor#

enacted, That the said first recited Act of the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, so far 45 G. 3. c.ia8.

as the fame relates to the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions under which the said limited Quantity of

Coals, Culm and Cinders may be brought within One Year by the said Grand Junction and Paddington Canals Canak and

nearer to London than the said Stone or Post, and the said recited Act of the Forty ninth Year of His present 49 o. 3..98.

Majesty regarding the Amount of the Duties chargeable thereon and the Appropriation thereof, shall be and respecting Duty

the same are hereby further continued until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and continued.

nineteen.

CAP. LXIII.

An Act to revive and continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, an Act made in the Forty ninth Year of-His present Majesty, to permit the Importation of Tobacco from any Place whatever.

[3d June 1818.]

WHEREAS the Law herein after mentioned has by Experience been found useful and beneficial, and it is expedient that the fame Should be revived and further continued 59 Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That an Act 49G*3-c. 5« made in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act topermit, until the Twenty continutd. fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven, the Importation of Tobacco into Great Britain from any Place whatever, and which said Act was by several subsequent Acts continued until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, shall be and the fame is hereby revived and further continued, from the said Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, until the T wcuty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nineteen.

CAP. LXIV.

An Act to make further Regulations respecting the Payment of Navy Prize Money, and to authorize the Governors of Greenwich Hospital to pay over certain Shares of Prize Money due to Ruffian Seamen to His Excellency the Ruffian Ambassador.

[3d June 1818.]

WHEREAS an Act passed in the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for regulating the Payment of Navy Prize Moneys and the Transmission of Accounts, and Payment of Balances to Greenwich Hospital: And Whereas it is expedient that Navy Prize Agents Should, during the Three Months in which they are by the Laws now in force directed to distribute Navy Prize or Bounty Money, Grants or other Allowances of Money to Officers, Non Commissioned Officers, Seamen and Marines, pay the Shares of such Non Commissioned Officers, Seamen and Marines, upon their personal Application only 5 and that the Payment upon Orders and written Authorities Should be confined to the Treasurer and Clerk of the Check of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich: And Whereas it is also expedient to make further Provisions respecting Navy Prize Money : Be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Chnfent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, so much of the said Act of the Fifty fourth Year of His present Majesty as directs or authorizes the Payment by any Navy Prize Agent of any Prize or Bounty Money, Grants or other Allowances of Money, upon Orders made by Non Commissioned Officers, Seamen and Marines, shall be and is hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, the Payment of Prize Money upon Orders shall be confined to the Treasurer and Clerk of the Check of Greenwich Hospital, and that no Agent or Agents appointed for the Distribution of any Navy Prize or Bounty Money, Grant or other Allowances of Money, whether arising from or given in consequence of coniunft Expeditions or Services by the Navy only, shall pay any Share or Shares of the Non Commissioned Officers, Seamen or Marines, or Supernumeraries, entitled thereto, upon any Order or Letter of Attorney, or other written Power or Authority whatsoever, but shall pay the same to the said Non Commissioned Officers, Seamen, Marines and Supernumeraries, upon their respective personal Applications only, upon pain of forfeiting, for every Payment made otherwise than as above directed, the Sum of Fifty Pounds, to be recovered by and in the Name of the Treasurer of the said Royal Hospital.

III. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, all Orders made by Non Commissioned Officers, Seamen and Marines, and others entitled to Prize or Bounty Money, Grants or other Allowances of Money in the Nature thereof, shall be in the Form or to the Effect set forth in the Schedule to this Act annexed marked (A.), and shall contain in the Body of such Orders an exact Account of the Money and Goods advanced by the Person in whose Favour such Order is made, to the Person making the &me 5 and a Certificate shall be printed upon every Paper containing such Order according to the Form or to the Effect set forth in the Schedule to this Act annexed marked (B.), and shall be duly filled up and attested as directed at the Foot of the said Schedule; and the Treasurer and Clerk of the Check of the said Hospital shall pay upon every such Order, out of the Money belonging to the Person making the same, so much as shall appear to be due to the Payee named therein, with legal Interest thereon and no more.

54G. 3. C. 93.

45* §46.

repealed.

Payment of Prize Money on Orders confined to Treasurer and Clerk of the Cheque of Greenwich Hospital Agents to pay only on persona Application. Penalty 50L Orders made by Non Commissioned Officers, &c. to be in Form set forth in Schedule A. with the Certificate marked B.

504

Orders to bear Date the Day they are executed.

Misdemeanor. Producing false Certificate, See. by Persons entitled, Misdemeanor, &c.

Proceeds of Seizures subject to the fame Regulations as Prize Money.

56 O.3. c. 101.

Payment of Bills for Out Pensions may be directed to and paid by Deputies to the Treasurer.

Certificates on Bills drawn by Treasurer, Sc c. to be atteiled by Deputy only.

Agents to fend Lists of Orders received from Non Commissioned Officers, &c. to the distributing Agent. Shares due under such Orders to be paid over with unclaimed Shares to be refunded by Treasurer, Sc c.

Directors of Greenwich Hof-.

C. 64. 58° GEORGII III. A.D. 1818.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall knowingly insert or cause to be inserted in any Order (br the Payment of Prize Money, Bounty Money, Grants or other Allowances of Money, payable by the Commissioners and Governors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, or by their Treasurer, any other Date than the Day on which the said Order shall be executed, or shall knowingly present or utter any Order bearing any false Date as aforesaid, such Person or Persons shall for every such Offence be deemed guilty of a Misdemeanor, and punished accordingly.

V. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons really entitled to Prize or Bounty Money, Pension Money, Grant or other Allowance of Money, on account of Services on board of any Ship or Vessel, shall by the Production of any false Certificate, or by making any false Representation, obtain or endeavour to obtain from the said Royal Hospital the said Prize or Bounty Money, Pension Money or other Allowance of Money so due to him as aforesaid, such Person or Persons shall be deemed guilty of a Misdemeanor, and shall forfeit all Prize or Bounty Money, Pension Money, Grant or other Allowance of Money, due to him on account of his said Services.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Proceeds of all Seizures made by Revenue Cruisers, or other Vessels employed in the Service of the Revenue, but under Admiralty Orders, shall be subject to the same Rules, Laws and Regulations with respect to forfeited and unclaimed Shares, as Prize and Bounty Money are liable to under this Act, or any other Acts which shall be in force at the passing of this Act relating to Pri$e and Bounty Money.

VII. And Whereas it is expedient that the Payment of Bills for Out Pensions, heretofore, by an Act passed in the Fifty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled an Act for enabling the Officers in His Majestfs Navy, and their Refrefentatives, to draw for and, receive their Half Pay; and for transferring the Jjuty of making certain Payments from the Clerk of the Cheek at His Majesty's Dock Tards to the Clerks sf Treasurer of the Navy at the fame Tards> authorized and directed to be made by the Clerks to the 1 Treasurer of His Majesty's Navy, should be authorized to be made by the Deputy or Deputies of the

Treasurer of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich in the County of Kent : 9 Be it enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, all Bills drawn by the Paymaster of Pensions at the said Royal Hospital, or under his Authority, for the Payment of Out Pensions, may be directed to and paid by any Deputy or Deputies to the Treasurer of the said Royal Hospital; and that all and every the Clauses, Provisions, Pains, Penalties and Regulations contained and now in force with respect to such Payments of Pensions, when made or directed to be made by the said Clerks of the Treasurer of His Majesty's Navy, shall be applr-cable and applied to the Payments of Pension^ made or directed or authorized to be made by the Deputy or Deputies of the Treasurer of the said Royal Hospital, as fully and effectually as if the fame were herein and hereby repeated and re-enacted.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, the Certificates upon all Bills drawn by the Treasurer or Deputy Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital, or by the Paymaster of Pensions, for the Payment of any Prize or Bounty Money, Grant, Pension or other Allowance of Money in favour of any Person redding at any Port or Place at which a Deputy of the said Royal Hospital shall have been or shall be appointed, shall be attested by such Deputy, and by no other Person.

IX. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for every licensed Agent to fend a List of all Orders which he may have received or shall hereafter receive from Non Commissioned Officers, Seamen or Marines to the Agent appointed for the Distribution of any Prize or Prizes, Bounty Money, Grant or other Allowances of Money; which Orders, if deposited at Greenwich Hospital, shall not be revocable after Distribution of the Money to which they relate shall have commenced 5 and such Distributing Agent shall not, after receiving any List as aforesaid, pay to the Non Commissioned Officers, Seamen or Marines named therein, or auy of them, the Share or Shares due to any of them respectively, but shall pay the same over, with the unclaimed and forfeited Shares, to Greenwich Hospital, to be refunded by the Treasurer of the said Royal Hospital to the Non Commissioned Officers, Seamen or Marines entitled thereto, or the Payees named in the said Orders respectively, in like manner as unclaimed Shares are directed to bje paid and refunded; and the said Distributing Agents shall, upon the Requisition of the Clerk of the Cheque of the said Royal Hospital, deliver to the said Clerk of the Cheque any Order which shall have been deposited in their Hands by licensed Agents, to be kept at the said Royal Hospital; and such Distributing Agent shall receive from the said Clerk of the Cheque a Receipt for the fame, and an Undertaking to produce the fame whenever the Production thereof shall be deemed expedient.

X. And Whereas certain Ships and Vessels belonging to his Imperial Ru/fian Majesty acted in coojundion

with a Squadron of British Ships and Vessels of War belonging to His Majesty, under the Command of

Admiral Sir Andrew Mitchell, on the Attack of the Dutch Fleet in the Texel in the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety nine, and became entitled to share in the Proceeds arising from the Capture- made in the said Expedition: And Whereas the Agent for the said Captures did, in or about the Month of

December One thousand eight hundred and ten, pay into the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich the Sum of Seven thousand one hundred and eleven Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Eight pence Three Farthings, being the Amount of certain Shares unclaimed by the Officers, Seamen and Marines of the said Ships of His Russian Majesty: And Whereas it is deemed advisable to pay over the Sum of Six thousand eight hundred and eighty five Pounds Twelve Shillings and Four pence Three Farthings, the Balance now

remaining in the said Hospital, to His Excellency Count Lieveny Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of His Imperial Russian Majesty, or the Ambassador of His Imperial Russian Majesty for the

time being at the Court of London, for the Use of the Officers and Men entitled thereto Be it

fenftdedj That it shall and may be lawful for the Directors of the said Royal Hospital for Seamen at Green-r-T 'with

A.D. 1818. 58° GEORGII III. C. 64. 505

wich in the County of Kent, and they are hereby authorized and required, to cause to be paid over to the pitai empowered said Count Lievcn, or the Ambassador from His Imperial Russian Majesty at the Court of London for the w

time being, out of the Funds of the said Hospital, the said Sum of Six thousand eight hundred and eighty Ambassador five Pounds Twelve Shillings and Four pence Three Farthings, the Balance now remaining in the said 6885L ias. 4|d. Hospital, for the Purpose of being distributed amongst such of the Officers and Crews of the said Ships- and Balance remain-Vessels of his said Imperial RuJJian Majesty as shall not heretofore have received their respective Shares of and°8 of Proceeds in the Proceeds of the said Captures. made wUUtick

XI. And be it further enacted, That upon Payment of the said Sum of Six thousand eight hundred and 0fDutch Fleet eighty five Pounds Twelve Shillings and Four pence Three Farthings to the said Count Lieven> or to His , n 1799. Imperial RuJJian Majesty's Ambassador at the Court of London for the time being, the Commissioners and Greenwich Hof-Governors of Greenwich Hospital shall be wholly indemnified and freed and discharged therefrom, and be pital indemnified

no further liable or accountable for the same to any Person or Persons whatsoever. ft* f°ch Payment.

SCHEDULE to which this ACT refers.

Shilling

Stamp.

A.

TAKE NOTICE, that no Prize Money can be received under this Order, except by an Agent duly licensed in conformity to the Act of Parliament of the Fifty fourth Year of King George the Third, or by the Wife, one of the Parents or Children of the Grantor*

Here insert the Place where and # time when the Order it made.

Day of 18

Seven Days* Sight pay to or his Order, the Sum of

out of the Amount of my Share of Prize or Bounty Money for the Capture of

of Here insert the Names of the f Prizes and time of Capture, or give such other Description of them as shall he satisfactory to the Agent and the Officers of Greenwich Hospital.

when serving on board His Majesty's Ship or Vessel* the in quality of

being for advanced to me by the said

in Money, and jg for Slops or Goods fumished to me by the said

To the proper Officers of 1 Greenwich Hospital. 3

B.

rl 'H£SE are to certify. That we have examined the said who signed

the above Order in our Presence, and from the Documents he has

shewn us, viz.

X Here insert the Nature of the Documents, whether they are invalid Tickets, Certificates or otherwise, and by what

Officer they are signed.]

and his Answers to our Questions, we have Reason to believe that he was serving on board the said Ship at the time of making the Captures above specified, and has received the Money and Slops above mentioned; he fays he was born at in the county of;

that he is Years of Age, of a Complexion,

Eyes, and Hair, §

§ If the Party is discharged from the Service, Jfiate the time and Cause of Discharge.

Given under our Hands

Note* — This Certificate to be signed by the Captain or Commanding Officer, and one other signing Officer, of the Ship to which the Party belongs.

If discharged from the Service, and refiaent at any Place where there is a Deputy or Agent of the Hospital, to be signed by that Deputy.

58 Geo. III. r $T If

If within Four Miles of the Hospital, by the Clerk of the Cheque or his First Clerk.

If at any other Place within the Bills of Mortality, by the Officer for Prizes in the Navy Pay Office, or his Assistant.

If by Marines at Head Quarters, where there is no Deputy to the Hospital, to be signed by the Colonel or Commanding Officer and the Adjutant.

If by any Person at Sick Quarters, to be signed Dy the Surgeon and one of his Assistants; but where there is a Deputy, to be signed by such Deputy.

If at any other Place in England, to be signed by the Minister and one of the Churchwardens; and if in Scotland, by the Minister and one of the Eiders.

From Oct. 10, 1818, Duties on Verjuice, Vinegar, &c. to cease, (except Arrears, See.)

Indead of Duties repealed the following

Duties.

Duties levied as former Duties, and Drawbacks allowed in like manner as herein mentioned.

CAP. LXV.

An Act for repealing the Duties of Excise on Verjuice and Vinegar, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof; and for more effectually securing the Duties of Excise on Vinegar or Acetous Acid.

[3d June 1818.]

WHEREAS the Duties of Excise imposed by Law for and in respect of Vinegar have been greatly

*' evaded, and large Quantities of Vinegar have been sent out into Consumption, as Duty paid, without the Officers of Excise having any Account thereof: And Whereas Vinegar or Acetous Acid, distilled i and made under the Denomination of Pyroligneous Acid, has been lately brought into Consumption, of c great Strength, without Payment of such Duties as aforesaid 5 and for Remedy thereof it is expedient to repeal the Duties of Excise now payable for and in respect of Verjuice and Vinegar, and impose other Duties

in heil thereof; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, all and singular the Duties of Excise now payable by Law in respect of Verjuice and Vinegar, Vinegar Beer, or Liquors preparing for Vinegar, brewed or made in Great Britain, or imported into Great Britain from Ireland shall cease and determine, ana be no longer paid or payable, save and except in all Cases, relating to the recovering, "allowing or 'paying any Arrears thereof respectively which may at that time remain unpaid, or to any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures relating thereto respectively, which shall at that time have been incurred.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Tenth Day of 0Bober One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, in lieu and instead of the Duties by this Act repealed, there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid unto His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, the several Rates and Duties of Excise herein after mentioned; that is to lay,

For every Gallon Wine Measure of Vinegar or Acetous Acid or Liquors prepared or preparing for Vinegar or Acetous Acid, brewed or made in Great Britain for Sale, to be paid by the Maker thereof, Four pence; and so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity:

For every Gallon Wine Measure of Vinegar or Acetous Acid or Liquors prepared or preparing for Vinegar or Acetous Acid, brewed or made in Ireland, and imported from thence into Great Britain, to be paid by the Importer thereof. Four pence; and so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity:

For every Gallon Wine Measure of Vinegar or Acetous Acid or Liquors prepared or preparing for Vinegar or Acetous Acid, imported into Great Britain from Foreign Parts, to be paid by the Importer thereof, One Shilling; and so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity:

And that from and after the said Tenth Day of OBoler One thousand eight hundred and eighteen there shall be allowed and paid the following Drawback of Excise; that is to say,

For every Gallon Wine Measure of Vinegar or Acetous Acid, not being under Proof, which after the Tenth Day of 0Bober One thousand eight hundred and eighteen shall be brewed or made in Great Britain for Sale, or brewed or made in Ireland, and imported from thence into Great Britain> and exported from thence to Foreign Parts, on which respectively the Duties imposed by this Act have been paid, Four pence.}

III. And be it further enacted, That the said several Duties shall be respectively raised, levied, collected, recovered and paid in such and the like manner (except as specially altered by this Act), and in or by any of the general or special Means, Ways or Methods by which the former Duties of Excise on Vinegar hereby repealed were or might be raised, collected, recovered, allowed and paid; and the said Drawback shall be allowed and paid in such and the like manner, and in or by any of the general or special Means, Ways or Methods by which the Drawbacks of Excise on Glass exported are or may be allowed and paid, so far as the same are consistent with the special Provisions of this Act; and the said Persons, Goods, Wares, Merchandize or Commodities so by this Act respectively made liable to the Payment of or chargeable with the said Duties respectively imposed, or entitled to the said Drawback granted by this Act, shall be and the same are hereby respectively made subject and liable to all and every the Conditions, Regulations, Rules, Restrictions and Forfeitures to which such Persons as aforesaid, Goods, Wares, Merchandize or Commodities, were generally or specially subject and liable by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force on and immediately before the passing of this Act respecting the Duties of Excise or other Duties under the Management of the said Commissioners of Excise respectively, and shall be subject and liable to all and every Pain, Penalty, Fine or Forfeiture of any Nature or Kind whatever, to which such Persons, Goods, Wares, Merchandize or Commodities were subject or liable for any Offence whatever committed against or in breach of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force on or immediately before the passing of this Act, and for securing the Revenue of Excise

or

A.D. 1818. 58° GEORGII III. C.^5. 507.

or other Duties under the Management of the said Commissioners of Excise respectively, or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof; and the several Clauses, Powers and Directions therein contained shall and Former Acts ap* are hereby directed and declared to extend to, and shall be respectively applied, practised and put in Execution, - Plied to this AM. for and in respect of the said Duties of Excise and Drawback respectively hereby charged, imposed and allowed, in as full and ample manner to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, so far as they are not inconsistent with or repugnant to the Provisions of this Act, as if all and every of the said Acts, Clauses, Provisions, Powers,

Directions, Fines, Pains, Penalties or Forfeitures were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That such of the Duties by this Act imposed as shall arise in that Part of Duties under Great Britain called England shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise in England for Commissioners the time being; and such thereof as shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall be under the of Exc, fe* Management of the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland for the time being.

V. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies arising from the Duties by this Act imposed (the necessary

Charges of raising and accounting for the fame excepted) shall from time to time be paid into the Receipt of r<n ate un'His Majesty's Exchequer at IVe/lminster, and shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all Liquors brewed or made by whatsoever Means or manner into Liquors of what-Vinegar or Acetous Acid for Sale, and all Liquors prepared or preparing for or capable of being used as or

applied to the Purposes of Vinegar or Acetous Acid made for Sale, or found in the Possession of any Vinegar vinegarfor Sale

Maker or Makers for Sale in Great Britain, or imported into Great Britain, whether any such Liquor shall be charged with

fold or made for Sale unmixed or mixed with any other Ingredient or Ingredients, or shall be known and called Duty.

by the NameQr Names of Vinegar, Alegar, Verjuice, Radical Vinegar, Acetous Acid, Acetic Acid, Pyroligneous

Acid, or by any other Name or Names, is, are and shall be respectively subject and liable to and chargeable

and charged with the Duties hereby imposed; and that all and every Person and Persons who shall make, pre- What Persons

pare, extract, distil, rectify, purify or fell any such Liquors as aforesaid, not being a Dealer in, Retailer or deemed Vineg-r

Seller of such Vinegar or Acetous Acid only as he, she or they shall from time to time receive by Permit or Makers*

Certificate, as herein after mentioned, from some other entered Vinegar Maker or Makers, Dealer or Dealers,

shall be deemed and taken to be a Vinegar Maker or Vinegar Makers, and shall be subject and liable to all and every the Licence and other Duties, Provisions, Rules, Regulations, Restrictions and Penalties to, which

Makers of Vinegar are by Law subject and liable: Provided always, that nothing in this or any other Act If wh*tcafes

shall or shall be deemed or construed to extend to charge with any Duty any Acetous Acid, commonly called Srt°not

Pyroligneous Acidt made or extraded from Wood or Tar, for Sale, in its crude, impure and unredlified State, chargeable with

pr any White Lead, Sugar of Lead, Verdigris, Iron Liquor, Acetate of Lime, Acetate of Soda, Acetate the Duty.

of Alumine, or any Vinegar or Acetous Acid made, redlified or purified in any manner whatsoever at any

House or Place not entered or used for making Vinegar, or rectifying or purifying Acetous Acid for Sale by any Maker or Makers thereof, being also a Maker or Makers of the aforesaid Compounds or any of them, and which Vinegar or Acetous Acid mail be so made, redlified or purified by him, her or them for the foie

Purpose of making and compounding such Articles as aforesaid, or some of them, and shall be wholly used or

consumed by himself, herself or themselves, at the fame House or Place where made, in the compounding or

manufacturing thereof, or any Vinegar or Acetous Acid distilled from Vinegar or Acetous Acid on which the Duties respectively by this Act imposed have been already, and before such Diliillation thereof, charged and paid,

VII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons making and required to make

Entry of any Building, Place or Utensil, under any Law or Laws relating to His Majesty's Revenue of Ex- and UtenGJs tobe

cife, for the Purpose of using the fame in carrying on any Trade or Business subject to the Survey of the distinguished by

Officers of Excise, shall in every such Entry distinguish and describe every such Building, Place and Utensil Letters or Num-

by a particular Letter or Number, and shall paint such respective Letter or Number in a large and diflindt ber, »and also on

Character upon some convenient and conspicuous Part of the Walls or Doors of every such Building or Place utenfik*5

respectively, and upon some convenient and conspicuous Part of every such Utensil, and keep and continue the fame so painted, and from time to time when Occasion may require, or when requeued by the Supervisor of

Excise of the District where situated, renew the fame, so loqg as the Entry thereof remains uncancelled, so

that such Letter or Number so painted may be easily and readily observed and known by the Officers of Excise

from time to time attending to survey the fame 5 and that wherever any such Person or Persons shall use or employ are

in his, her or their entered Buildings or Places any fixed Pipe or Pipes, he, she or they shall, at the time of Course tote

making his, her or their Entry of the Places and Utensils as aforesaid, deliver with such Entry, and as Part described, he.

thereof, a Drawing or Drawings, Description or Descriptions, diflindlly shewing and exhibiting or explaining with such Emry.

the Course, Direction, Construction, and Use of all and every such Pipe and Pipes respectively, and of all and every Branch and Branches thereof, and of all and every Cock and Cocks thereon, together with the Place or Places and Utensil or Utensils respectively from and to or with which the fame lead or communicate; and that uienSJnot lo if any Building, Place or Utensil shall at any time be found to be used by any such Person or Persons as afore- described deem-said, without being so described or distinguished as aforesaid, or without such Letter or Number being so dif- ed unentered, tin&ly painted and continued thereon as aforesaid, or any Pipe or Pipes be found without being so shewn in such Drawing or Drawings, or so described as aforesaid, or different from or disagreeing with such Drawing or Drawings, Description or Descriptions as aforesaid, every such Building, Place and Utensil respectively shall be deemed and taken to be unentered, and the Person or Persons using the same shall for every such Offence Penalty 2COj .forfeit and lose, over and above all other Penalties, the Sum of Two hundred Pounds. Stren^f

VIII. And be it further enacted, That to prevent Vinegar or Acetous Acid of excessive Strength being vinegar to be brought into Consumption upon Payment of Duty as Chmmon Vinegar or Acetous Acid, to the great Injury tried by an

3 T 2 k of Acetometer.

508 C. 65.

58° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1818.

tionably for the Eiceft.

of His Majesty's Revenue, all such Liquors as aforesaid, subject and liable to such Duties respectively as aforesaid, shall and maybe tried and examined by any Officer or Officers of Excise with such Acetomcter as shall and may from time to time be directed by the Commissioners of Excise in order to ascertain the Strength thereof; If found above and that whenever any such Liquors shall upon any such Trial be found by any Officer or Officers of Excise to Proof, Officer to be above Proof as denoted by such Acetometer (Proof being such Strength of Acetous Acid that One hun-charge propor- dred Parts of the Liquor by Weight will saturate or neutralize Fourteen and a Half Parts by Weight of Crystallized Subcarbonate of Soda), and not to be more than Thirty five per Centum, as denoted by such Acetometer, above such Proof, the Number of Gallons of such Liquors of which such Trial is made shall be deemed and computed by such Officer or Officers to be such Number as could be made from or with such Liquors if diluted by Water to the Strength of Proof denoted as aforesaid, and shall be chargeable and taken account of and charged by such Officer with Duty accordingly; and that all such Liquors as shall be found, on such Trial as aforesaid, or as the Person or Persons in whose Stock or Possession the fame is or shall be found shall declare to such Officer or Officers as aforesaid, to be more than Thirty five per Centum, denoted as aforesaid, above Proof, shall be chargeable, and shall and may be taken account of and charged by such Officer or Officers, with Duty at and after the Rate of One Shilling for every Pound Avoirdupois thereof, and so in proportion for every greater or less Quantity.

IX. And to the Intent that the Officers of Excise may be enabled to examine and duly charge the Duties on all such Liquors and Materials as aforesaid, according to the Strength thereof, if above Proof, as denoted*by such Acetometer as aforesaid Be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Officer or Officers of Excise to take a Sample or Samples, not exceeding Half a Pint or Half a Pound Avoirdupois at One time, of any such Liquors or Materials as aforesaid, at any time found in the Custody or Possession of any Vinegar Maker or Makers for Sale as aforesaid, or any Dealer or Dealers in such Vinegar or Acetous Acid, except of such Liquors as shall be declared by the Maxer or Possessor thereof to the proper Officer as aforesaid to be more than Thirty five per Centum above Proof, returning the Materials, after such Trial as aforesaid, to such Maker or Makers as aforesaid, or if f the Liquors of which any such Sample shall be so taken be in the Custody or Possession of any Dealer or Dealers in such Vinegar or Acetous Acid, piling such Dealer or Dealers for such Sample or Samples of Vinegar or Acetous Acid, at and after the Rate of the then current Price of such Liquors respectively.

X. And be it further enacted, That all and every Officer and Officers of Excise shall at all times upon his or their Request, but, if in the Night, to be accompanied by a Supervisor or Surveyor, be permitted to enter Night by Sur- into the entered House, Warehouse and other Place and Places belonging to or used by any Vinegar Maker or ZSffJT Maker. so< Sale as aforesaid, and to take an Account by Weight, Measure or Gauge, as to such Officer or take an Account Officers shall seem most fit and convenient, of all and every such Liquor and Liquors, Material and Materials

Officers may take Samples.

Exception.

Returning

Materials.

f Sic. Paying for Samples.

Officer accompanied in the

as aforesaid, and of all Sulphuric Acid in the Custody or Possession of any such Maker or Makers; and if any Person or Persons shall obstruct, hinder, molest or prevent any such Officer or Officers from so doing, or in the Execution of any of the Powers or Authorities given or granted to him or them by this or any other Act or Acts relating to Vinegar, every such Person or Persons shall for every such Offence severally forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

XI. And be it further enacted, That no Vinegar Maker or Makers for Sale shall have or receive into his Custody or Possession any Vinegar or Acetous Acid, or any Sugar Water, Sugar Wash, Melasses Water, Melaffep Wash, Alegar, Stale Beer, Returns of Beer or Ale, Cider, Verjuice or other Liquor prepared or preparing for Vinegar or Acetous Acid, or capable of being used as or applied to the Purposes of Vinegar or Acetous Acid, or any Sulphuric Acid, Melasses, Brown Sugar, Honey (except for his or their private

_W|____Family), or any Pyrolignite or Acetate of Lime or Soda, or other Material or Materials (except Corn or

giving 12 Hour*' Grain) fit or proper to be made into or mixed with Vinegar or Acetous Acid, without giving Twelve Hours' Notice 10 the previous Notice thereof in Writing to the Officer of Excise under whose Survey such Maker or Makers shall then be, specifying the Day and time of the Day when the fame will be taken or received into his, her or their Custody or Possession, and the Quantity and Description thereof, to the Intent that such Officer may be present to fee and take account of the fame by Weight, Measure or Gauge, nor shall diminish, remove or mix the fame or any Part thereof, with his, her or their Stock, until such Officer shall have taken such Account as aforesaid, nor shall afterwards use or employ any such Material or Materials uncharged with Duty, without accounting for the same to the Satisfaction of the Officer, upon pain of forfeiting for every such Offence the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XII. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons shall fell, deliver or send out any fermenting or fermented Wort or Wash whatsoever, not being fermented Beer charged with Duty, to any Person or Persons whatsoever; and that no Person or Persons not being an entered Vinegar Maker or Makers shall fend, deliver or send out any Vinegar or purified Acetous Acid, Alegar, Stale Beer, Stale Ale or Stale Cider, Verjuice, Sugar Water or Melasses Water, or other Liquors prepared or preparing for Vinegar or Acetous Acid, or capable of being used as or applied to the Purposes of Vinegar or Acetous Acid, except to an entered Vinegar Maker, under such Notice for receiving the same as aforesaid, or without the Duties hereby imposed being nrll paid or charged for or in respect of such Vinegar or purified Acetous Acid, Alegar, Stale Beer, Stale Ale or Stale Cider, Verjuice, Sugar Water or Melasses Water, or other Liquors, and the fame being accompanied with a Permit or Certificate as herein after mentioned, upon pain of forfeiting for every such Offence all such Liquor and Liquors as aforesaid, which shall or may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise, together with the Cattle and Carriage or Carriages used or employed in removing the fame; and every Person or Persons so offending or receiving such Liquor or Liquors as aforesaid, shall for every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

of Liquors. Obstruction Officer, Sec.

Penalty ooool. Vinegar Makers not to take into their Custody Vinegar or Preparations for Vinegar (Exceptions) without

Officer.

And not to remove, Stc.

Penalty loot

In what cases no Wort to he Cent out, nor Vinegar or Preparation for Vinegar, unless Duty paid, and accompanied with a Permit.

Forfeiture of Liquor, &c. and Penalty xcol.

A.D. 1818. 58° GEORGII III. C. 65.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That no Vinegar Maker or Makers who shall have, possefis or use, at or upon his, her or their entered Place or Places for making Vinegar, any Still or Stills for distilling, re&ifying or purifying Vinegar, shall charge and put, or cause or suffer to be charged or put into the fame, any other Liquor or Material whatsoever, save and except Vinegar or other Liquors or Materials prepared or preparing for Vinegar; and that if any such Maker or Makers shall at any time employ or use, at or upon any such Place or Places, or within Three hundred Feet thereof in a direct Line, any Still or Stills for the Purpose aforesaid, and shall charge or put, or cause or suffer to be charged or put into any such Still or Stills, any other Liquor or Material than Vinegar or other Liquors or Materials prepared or preparing for Vinegar, or shall have, possess or use, at or upon such Place or Places for making or keeping Vinegar or Liquors or Materials preparing for Vinegar, any Still or Stills for any other Purpose, he, she or they shall for every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of Five hundred Pounds; and all and every such Maker or Makers shall, in the Possession, Use and Employment of every Still and Stills for distilling, rectifying or purifying Vinegar (not being Stills or Retorts used and employed by any such Maker, being a Rectifier or Purifier of Acetous Acid called Pyroligneous Acid only), be subject and liable to all and every the Rules, Regulations, Provisions, Enactments, Penalties and Forfeitures which are by Law imposed for or in respect of Stills used and employed for rectifying Brittish Spirits.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That when andfo often as any Vinegar Maker or Makers shall be desirous of diluting his, her or their Vinegar or Acetous Acid, after the same shall have been taken account of and charged with Duty by the proper Officer, by the Addition of Water, it shall be lawful for him, her or them so to do, provided he, she or they shall give Twelve Hours' previous Notice in Writing to the Officer of Excise under whose Survey he, she or they shall then be, of his, her or their Intention to add such Water for the Purpose aforesaid, specifying in such Notice the particular Day and Hour at which he, she or they intends or intend to begin to add such Water, and the Quantity of Vinegar or Acetous Acid and Water respectively intended to be mixed, and the particular Vessel or Vessels into which such Water is to be put; and upon such Notice being so given, the proper Officer or Officers of Excise shall attend at the time mentioned in such Notice, and shall take and keep an Account of the Water then added to any such Vinegar or Acetous Acid as aforesaid, and which Water such Maker or Makers shall, in the Presence of such Officer or Officers, put into the Vessel or Vessels specified in such Notice, and mix with the Vinegar or Acetous Acid therein, with all <lue Diligence and Dispatch, on the Officer's Attendance for that Purpose: Provided always, that no such Maker or Makers shall be at Liberty to give any such Notice for Water to be added as aforesaid oftener than once in Twenty four Hours, nor shall Water be so added at any other time than between the Hours of Six in the Morning and Four in the Afternoon; and if any such Maker or Makers shall add Water to any Vinegar or Acetous Acid, or Liquor or Liquors prepared or preparing for Vinegar, or capable of being used as or for the Purpose of Vinegar, after the Officer shall have taken an Account thereof and charged the Duty thereon, without such Notice or otherwise than as aforesaid, or shall by any Means or Contrivance increase the Quantity of his, her or their Vinegar, Acetous Acid or Liquors prepared or preparing for Vinegar, or capable of being used as or for the Purpose of Vinegar, above the Quantity taken account of and charged with Duty by such Officer or Officers 6n such Maker or Makers, he, she or they shall for every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

XV. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons shall make Vinegar for Sale from Malt or other fermenting or fermentable Material or Materials at, in or upon any House or Place entered or used for making, distilling, rectifying or purifying Acetous Acid called Pyroligneous Acid, or for making or compounding White Lead, Sugar of Lead, Verdigris, Iron Liquor or Acetate of Lime, Acetate of Soda or Acetate of Alumine, or within the Distance of Three hundred Feet in a diredfc Line from any such House or Place, nor shall any Person or Persons make, prepare, distil, rectify or purify any Acetous Acid called Pyroligneous Acid, or make or compound any White Lead, Sugar of Lead, Verdigris, Iron Liquor or Acetate of .Lime, Acetate of Soda or Acetate of Alumine, at, in or upon any House or Place entered or used for making or manufacturing Vinegar from Malt, or other fermenting or fermentable Material or Materials, for Sale, or within the Distance of Three hundred Feet in a direct Line from any such House or Place as aforesaid, nor shall any Person or Persons rectify or purify any Acetous Acid called Pyroligneous Acid, for Sale, from any other Material or Materials than Pyrolignite or Acetate of Lime or Soda, upon pain of forfeiting for every such Offence the Sum of Five hundred Pounds.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Vinegar Maker and Makers for Sale, being a Re&ifier or Purifier, Rectifiers or Purifiers of Acetous Acid, fubieS and liable to Duties as aforesaid, mall provide, maintain and enter as aforesaid a proper and secure Warehouse, Storehouse or Cellar, or Warehouses, Storehouses or Cellars, to the Satisfaction of the Supervisor of Excise in whose District it or they shall or may be situated, with good and sufficient Locks and Fastenings thereto respectively, to be provided and maintained by such Supervisor at the Expence and Charge of such Maker or Makers respectively into which Warehouse or Warehouses, Storehouse or Storehouses, Cellar or Cellars, or some or one of them, all and every of the dry or concrete Acetate and Acetates, or Pyrolignite or Pyrolignites of Lime or Soda for making, rectifying or purifying Acetous Acid called Pyroligneous Acid received into the Possession of such Maker or Makers, shall, immediately after the Receipt thereof, and before the same shall be rectified or purified for Sale, and upon such Notice as aforesaid by such Maker, be put and deposited by and at his, her or their Expence; and that every such Warehouse, Storehouse and Cellar respectively, shall be kept locked up and secured by the proper Officer of Excise under whose Survey the same shall from time to time be, except at such time or times only as such Officer shall be attending therein for the Purpose of depositing such Materials therein, or for weighing or taking an Account of such Materials brought thereto, or delivering such Materials

therefrom,

509

Vinegar Makers charging Stills with any other Liquor thin Vinegar or Preparations for Vinegar,

Penalty jcoL

Such Stills subject to Regulations imposed in respect of Stills used for rectify-ing British Spirits.

Before diluting Vinegar after Account and Duty charged,

11 Hours* Notice to be given to the Officer.

Officer to attend on Notice and take Account.

Number of Notices.

Not giving Notice, &c.

Pen «lty aool.

Making Vinegar for Sale fromv Malt, &c. in or at a certain Distance from any entered Place for distilling or preparing Pyroligneous Acid,

See. in or at a certain Distance from any Place entered for making Vinegar from Malt, &c. Penalty 5 col

Vinegar Makers, being Re&ifiers of Acetous Acid, to provide Warehouses, &c. with Locks and Fastenings fol depositing the coucrete Acetates under the Care of the proper Officer.

5io

Makers neglecting to provide such Warehouses, fcc. or to pay for such Fattening*, or refuting to de-posit such Materials, &c.

Penalty iool. Before taking Materials from Warehouse, 5cc. 1 % Hours* Notice to be given to Officer, who shall attend to weigh the same.

Nutnber and Hours of Notice.

Scales and Weights to be provided by Maker, &c.

Makers neglecting to provide such Scales and Weights, or making nfe of false ones, &c.

[Penalty.]

Makers to provide Vessels for keeping Pyroligneous Acid, but Officer to take the Contents, &c. of Vessels before they are used.

Not providing such Vessels, or removing Acid before Account is taken, Sec.

C. 65. 58° GEORGII III. A.D. 1818.

therefrom, or such Warehouse, Storehouse or Cellar shall be under necessary Reparation; and if any such Maker or Makers shall negiedl or refuse at his, her or their own Expence, to provide and maintain such Warehouse, Storehouse or Cellar, or Warehouses, Storehouses or Cellars, and enter the same as aforesaid, or to pay such Supervisor as aforesaid, upon Demand, for any Lock or Locks, Key or Keys, or other Fattening or Fastenings thereon or thereto, or the Renewal or Reparation thereof, found and provided by such Supervisor for the Security thereof, or shall refuse or neglect to put or deposit any such Material or Materials as aforesaid, immediately after the having or receipt thereof, and before the Rectification or Purification thereof, and upon such Notice as aforesaid, in One or more of such Warehouses, Storehouses or Cellars, according to the Directions of this Act; or if any such Maker or Makers, or other Person or Persons shall damage, force or open, or cause to be damaged, forced or opened, any such Lock or other Fattening, or enter or cause to be entered any such Warehouse, Storehouse or Cellar, save at such time and times as aforesaid, then and in each and every such case such Maker or Makers, or other Person or Persons so offending, shall for each and every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as any such Maker or Makers as aforesaid shall intend or be desirous to have any such Material or Materials as aforesaid delivered from or out of any such Warehouse, Storehouse or Cellar, for the Purpose of rectifying or purifying Acetous Acid therefrom, he, she or they shall give Twelve Hours* Notice in Writing to the Officer of Excise under whose Survey such Warehouse, Storehouse or Cellar shall be, of his, her or their Intention, specifying in such Notice the particular Day and Hour at which he, she or they intends or intend to have such Materials delivered out for the Purpose aforesaid, and the Quantity so to be weighed and delivered; and upon such Notice being so given, the proper Officer or Officers shall attend at the time mentioned in such Notice, and open such Warehouse, Storehouse or Cellar, and such Maker shall thereupon proceed to weigh, and shall with all due Diligence and Dispatch weigh out in the Presence of such Officer or Officers, and to his Satisfaction, the Whole of the Material or Materials mentioned in such Notice: Provided always nevertheless, that no such Maker or Makers shall be at liberty to give any such Notice for having any such Material or Materials so delivered oftener than once in Twenty four Hours, or at any other time than between the Hours of Six in the Morning and Four, in the Afternoon; and every Notice given for having any such Material or Materials so delivered oftener than as aforesaid, or at any other time or Hour than between the Hours in that behalf aforesaid, shall and the fame is hereby declared to be null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Msfker and Makers as aforesaid, being a Rectifier or Purifier, Rectifiers or Purifiers of Acetous Acid, is and are hereby required to provide and keep proper, sufficient and just Scales and Weights at such Warehouse, Storehouse or Cellar as aforesaid, for the Purpose of from time to time weighing and taking an Account of such Materials as aforesaid, and of ail Acetous Acid and Materials for making, redtifying or purifying Acetous Acid, which shall at any time be in the Custody or Possession of any such Maker or Makers as aforesaid, and shall permit and suffer any Officer or Officers of Excise to use the fame for that Purpose, and shall give him every needful Assistance in weighing any such Acetous Acid or Materials; and if any such Maker or Makers shall upon Demand as aforesaid neglect or refuse to provide any such Scales and Weights, or either of them, or shall hinder, obstruct or prevent any Officer or Officers of Excise from using the fame, or shall neglect or refuse to assist him in weighing any Acetous Acid or Materials 5 or if any such Maker or Makers as aforesaid shall, in the, weighing of any such Acetous Acid or Materials, make use of, or cause or suffer to b.e made use of, any false, unjust or insufficient Beam, Scale or Scales, or Weight or Weights, or shall use or practise any Art, Device or Contrivance, by which any such Officer or Officers shall or may be deceived or hindered or prevented from taking the true and just Weight, and ascertaining the true Quantity of any Acetous Acid or Material 5 such Maker or Makers shall for every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds, together with such false, unjust or insufficient Beams, Scales, Weight or Weights, and the Acetous Acid and Materials respectively then weighing or weighed, and the same shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That all and every such Maker and Makers as aforesaid shall, and he, (he and they is and are hereby required to provide in his, her or their Room or Place wherein he, she or they redtifies or purifies, rectify or purify any Acetous Acid called Pyroligneous Acid for Sale, One or more Vessel or Vessels, of which he, she or they shall from time to time give Notice in Writing to the proper Officer of Excise, and shall in such Notice declare the true Tare or Weight, and Content or Capacity thereof, and the true Tare of any Material in or with which the fame may be then packed, and which Vessel and Vessels shall be gauged or measured by the proper Officer or Officers of Excise before the same shall be used by such Maker or Makers to hold or receive any such Acetous Acid as aforesaid, in order that the Content or Capacity thereof, and the Quantity of any Acetous Acid put therein, may at any time be corredtiy weighed, known or ascertained by any such Officer or Officers, into which Vessel or Vessels every such Maker or Makers shall run or put and collect all his rectified or purified Acetous £cid as the fame is made, and before the fame or any Part thereof shall be removed from such entered Place for Sale or otherwise, and shall continue the fame therein until the proper Officer shall have taken a true Account thereof; and if any such Maker or Makers shall neglect or refuse to provide such Vessel or Vessels as aforesaid, or in any respect change or alter the fame, or to give such Notice thereof as aforesaid, or give any false Notice thereof, or remove any such Acetous Acid from his, her or their Workhouse or Place in which the same shall have been rectified or purified, ojr mix the fame or any Part thereof with his, her or their Stock, without first running or putting and collecting the fame and every Part thereof into such Vessel or Vessels as aforesaid, and continuing the fame and every Part thereof therein until the proper Officer shall have taken a true Account thereof, or shall by any Device or Contrivance deceive or hinder or prevent the Officer in or from weighing or taking a true Account

14 of

A.D. 1818. 58° GEORGII III. C. 65.

jrf all such Acetous Acid, according to the actual Quantity and Strength thereof, and charging the Duty*aforesaid accordingly, every such Maker or Makers shall for every such Offence forfeit and lole the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XX. And be it further enacted, That if at any time or times hereafter any Officer or Officers of Excise shall find or discover that the Quantity of Vinegar or Acetous Acid called Pyroligneous Acid, made, extraded, rectified or purified from Pyrolignite or Acetate of Lime or Soda, by any such Maker or Makers as aforesaid, and taken account of and charged with Duty in any of the Quarters ending respectively on the Fifth Day of January, Fifth Day of April, Fifth Day of July, and Tenth Day of October in every Year, shall be deficient or fall short of the Quantity of Vinegar or Acetous Acid which should or ought to have been or was capable of being produced from the Pyrolignite or Acetate of Lime or Soda respectively received by such Maker or Makers within such Quarter respectively for the Purpose of being rectified or purified, computing dry or concrete Pyrolignite or Acetate of Lime to produce Three Quarters of a Gallon of Acetous Acid of the Strength of Proof for every Pound Avoirdupois thereof, and dry or concrete Pyrolignite or Acetate of Soda to produce One Gallon of Acetous Acid of the Strength of Proof for every Pound Avoirdupois, and Acetate of Lime in Solution to produce One Gallon of Acetous Acid of the Strength of Proof for every Two Gallons thereof of like Strength, and Acetate of Soda in Solution to produce Two Gallons of Acetous Acid of the Strength of Proof for every Three Gallons thereof of the like Strength thereof, without such Deficiency being duly accounted for to the Satisfaction of the Officer, such Officer or Officers is and are hereby authorized and required to charge such Maker and Makers with Duty on so much and such Quantity of such Acetous*'Acid of the Strength of Proof as shall be equal to the Quantity so found or discovered to be deficient.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That when any Vinegar Maker or Makers shall have Occasion to remove from his, her or their Stock any Vinegar or Acetous Acid subject to the Duties by this Act imposed, the proper Officer or Officers of Excise of the respective Division where such entered Warehouse or Warehouses shall be Situated, shall without Fee or Reward, from time to time, upon a Request Note being made and delivered, according to the Directions of this Act, by such Maker or Makers, grant and give a Permit in Writing, Signed by the Said respective Officer or Officers, expressing the Quantity, Quality and Strength (if exceeding Proof) of Vinegar or Acetous Acid to be removed, the Name or Names of the Persons from and to whom the fame is intended to be removed, and that the Duty thereon has been paid, and limiting the time in which such. Vinegar or Acetous Acid shall be removed from and out of the Warehouse after taking out such Permit, and the time in which such Vinegar or Acetous Acid shall be delivered or received into the Warehouse or Warehouses, or other Place or Places, of the Person or Persons to whom the fame is to be sent; Provided always, that no Permit shall be granted to any Vinegar Maker or Makers for the Removal of more Vinegar or Acetous Acid, cast and computed at Proof as aforesaid, than the Quantity for or in respect of which he, she or they shall have been charged with Duty or received by Permit, delivered to and taken account of by the Officer, and shall accordingly then have Credit in Stock, and that every Request Note from any Vinegar Maker or Makers for that Purpose shall be void 5 and that no such Permit as aforesaid shall be granted, or be valid, unless such Maker or Makers requiring the same shall make and fend or deliver to the Officer or Officers of Excise hereby authorized to grant such Permit, a Request Note in Writing Specifying the Name of the Person to whom such Vinegar or Acetous Acid is intended to be sent, the Quantity, Quality and Strength (if exceeding Proof) thereof; and also the Number and respective Content of the Calks, Bottles, Jars or Vessels containing the fame, and likewise whether the fame is to be removed by Land or by Water, and by what Mode of Conveyance the fame is intended to be sent; and all such Vinegar or Acetous Acid which shall be removed by or from the Stock of such Maker or Makers without such Permit as aforesaid, or under a Description not conformable to this Act, or under a false Description, or exceeding the Quantity or Strength expressed in the Permit accompanying the fame, together with the Calks, Bottles, Jars, Vessels and other Packages containing the fame, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise; and the Maker or Makers from whose Stock the same shall be sent out, shall for every such Offence incur a Penalty of One hundred Pounds.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Dealer in, Retailer or Seller of Vinegar or Acetous Acid, shall make Entry at the nearest Office of Excise of his, her or their Warehouse, Storehouse, Cellar, Shop or other Place or Places, in which he, she or they shall (lore, deposit or keep such Vinegar or Acetous Acid or Liquor aforesaid, and before receiving any Vinegar or Acetous Acid or Liquors aforesaid for Sale $ and that every such Dealer in, Retailer or Seller (not being a Vinegar Maker or Makers at any entered Place or Places within the Distance of a Quarter of a Mile from such Warehouse, Storehouse, Cellar, Shop or other Place or Places) shall upon Demand receive from the proper Officer of Excise a Book or Books, to be prepared with proper printed Forms and Titles, for the Purposes herein after mentioned, and to be kept by every such Dealer in, Retailer and Seller of Vinegar or Acetous Acid, in some public and open Part of his, her or their entered Premises; and that from and after the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and eighteen no Vinegar or Acetous Acid exceeding Ten Gallons at any one time shall be sold, sent out or delivered by any such Dealer in, Retailer or Seller of Vinegar or Acetous Acid, to any Person or Persons whatsoever, without being accompanied by a Certificate filled up and cut out progressively from the printed Forms of such Certificates contained in such Book as aforesaid, signed by such Dealer in, Retailer or Seller of Vinegar or Acetous Acid felling, fending out or delivering the fame, or some Person or Persons on his, her or their behalf, certifying the Date thereof, the Quantity of such Vinegar or Acetous Acid and the Strength thereof (if above Proof), to whom fold, from whose Stock delivered, and that the Duty has been paid thereon; and that every such Dealer in, Retailer or Seller of Vinegar or Acetous Acid, felling, fending out or delivering any Vinegar or Acetous Acid exceeding Ten Gallons at any one time as aforesaid, shall at the same time make a correspondent. Entry thereof, containing the fame Particulars, in such Boat

as

511

Penalty iool.

Officer on discover irtg a Deficiency in the Quantity of Vinegar, Sec. which should have been produced, to charge such Deficiency with the Duty, unless satisfactorily accounted for.

Permit to be obtained on the Removal of Vinegar without Fee.

Conditions on which Permit granted.

Request Note, &c. for Permit.

Vinegar re- 1 moved without Permit in manner herein defer ibed forfeited, and Penalty iool.

Dealert to make Entry of Premises at the next Excise Office, to whom the Officer shall deliver Books with printed Forms, and no Vinegar exceeding 10 Gallons shall be sent out without a Certificate filled up and taken from such Books signed by Dealer.

5*2

Books to be open for (nfpec-tion of Officer.

Dealers neglecting to make Entry, obilru&-ing Officers, concealing Vine-g«r, &c.

Penalty loot Vinegar removing without Certificate, or found in Posses-sien of an unli-censed Dealer, forfeited, and Person removing it, 9cc.

Penalty loci. Officer in taking Stock, on finding an Excess, the Quantity in Excels forfeited and feiaed.

Penalty xooL

6G. 3. C. 14.

(16.

repealed.

Vinegar or Materials found concealed, adulterated, &c. forfeited and Penalty xool.

Commissionera may compound for the Duty with any Rectifier.

C. 65. 58° GEORGII III. A.D. 1818.

M aforesaid; and that such Book, with such Entries so made therein asfor$said, shall at all times lie open and exposed in the entered Premises of such Dealer in, Retailer or Seller of Vinegar or Ace-tous Acid as aforesaid, to the Perusal of any Officer or Officers of Excise, and shall be delivered by such Dealer in, .Retailer or Seller of Vinegar or Acetous Acid as aforesaid, to any Officer or Officers of Excise upon Demand; and if any such Dealer in, Retailer or Seller of Vinegar or Acetous Acid shall refuse or neglect to make such Entry as aforesaid of all his, her or their Warehouses, Storehouses, Cellars, Shops and other Places for (taring or keeping Vinegar or Acetous Acid, or shall at any time obstruct or hinder any Officer or Officers ot Excise from entering therein, or inspecting, surveying, weighing or taking an Account of his, her or their Stock of Vinegar or Acetous Acid, or shall conceal any Part of such Vinegar or Acetous Acid from the Sight pr View of the Officer or Officers, or shall fell, send out or deliver any Quantity of Vinegar or Acetous Acid exceeding Ten Gallons at any one time unaccompanied by such Certificate as aforesaid, or making such Entry in such Book as aforesaid, or shall convey away or conceal any such Book or Books as aforesaid, or cancel, obliterate, destroy or tear out any Leaf or Leaves therefrom, or Entry or Entries therein, or shall make any false Entry or Entries therein, or shall oppose, moled, obstruct or hinder any Officer or Officers of Excise in inspecting any such Book or Books, or any such Entry or Entries therein as aforesaid, or shall at any time neglect or refuse, when required, to give up to any Officer or Officers such Book or Books as aforesaid, all and every such Dealer in, Retailer or Seller of Vinegar or Acetous Acid so offending, shall for every such Offence severally forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds; and all Vinegar or Acetous Acid exceeding Ten Gallons, removing or removed from the Stock of any such Dealer or Dealers as aforesaid, without being accompanied by such Certificate as aforesaid, and all Vinegar or Acetous Acid found in the Possession of any unentered Dealer in, or Retailer or Seller of Vinegar, Acetous Acid, or in any unentered Warehouse, Storehouse, Cellar, Shop or other Place of any Dealer in, or Retailer or Seller of Vinegar or Acetous Acid, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise; and the Person or Persons removing, carrying or conveying the fame, or aiding or assisting therein, or in whose Custody the same shall be found, shall forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That any Officer or Officers of Excise shall and may at any time or times take an Account of the Stock of Vinegar or Acetous Acid respectively of any Maker or Makers of or Dealer or Dealers in Vinegar or Acetous Acid liable or subject to the Duties or any of them imposed by this Act; and if, on taking any such Account, the Quantity of Vinegar or Acetous Acid respectively found in any such Stock, added to the Quantity for which PermitB shall have been granted, or Certificates sent out as difefted by this Act, since the time of taking the last preceding Account of such Stock, shall exceed the Quantity of Vinegar or Acetous Acid respectively found in such Stock at the time of taking such last preceding Account, added to the Quantity since made, or legally received with Permit or Certificate, duly delivered to the proper Officer, into such Stock as aforesaid, such Vinegar or Acetous Acid respectively, when above Proof, being cast and computed at that Strength, a Quantity of Vinegar or Acetous Acid equal to the Quantity found m Excess shall be forfeited and lost, and shall and may be seized and taken by the Officer or Officers of Excise who shall discover the fame, from and out of such Stock; and the Person or Persons in whose Stock such Quantity of Vinegar or Acetous Acid so found in Excess shall be discovered, shall forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XXIV. And Whereas by an Act made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for

repealing the Duties granted upon Cider and Perry by an Act made in the Third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, and for granting other Duties on Cider and Perry in lieu thereof, and for more effectually securing the Duties ori Cider and Perry imposed by several former Acts, in case any Cider or Perry which K hath been charged with and paid the Duties by that Act imposed shall be unfit for Sale as Cider and Perry, ' and shall be charged with the Duties upon Vinegar, it is directed that the said Duties upon Cider or Perry

thereon charged and paid, shall be allowed and drawn back on such Proof as is therein mentioned: And Whereas it is expedient to repeal so much of the said Act as is herein recited Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, so much of the said Act as is hereinbefore recited shall be, and is, and the fame is hereby repealed.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall remove, deposit, hide or conceal any Vinegar or Acetous Acid, or Liquors preparing for Vinegar or Acetous Acid, or capable of being used as or applied to the Purposes thereof, or any Material or Materials for making, rectifying or purifying the fame, subject or liable to the Duties of Excise hereby imposed, with Intent to evade the Payment of such Duties, or so that His Majesty may be defrauded therein; or shall adulterate or mix with any Vinegar or Acetous Acid any other Acid (except Sulphuric Acid), in the Proportion not exceeding One Thousandth Part thereof by Weight, all such Vinegar or Acetous Acid, Liquors and Materials so removed, taken away, bidden, concealed or adulterated, shall be forfeited and lost, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise; and over and beside such Forfeiture, all and every Person or Persons so offending, and all Person and Persons aiding or assisting or concerned therein, or receiving any such Vinegar or Acetous Acid, Liquors or Materials, without such Permit or Certificate as aforesaid, or with any false Permit or Certificate, shall severally forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of Excise for the time being, or the major Part of them respectively, from time to time to compound for the Duty by this Act imposed for and in respect of Acetous Acid made in Great Britain, with any Rectifier or Purifier of Acetous Acid, in such manner and Form, and upon such Terms apd Conditions, as shall in the Judgment of such Commissioners be most to the Advantage and Improvement of the Receipt* of the said Duty; any thing in this or any other Act to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

\ % XXVII. And

A.D. 1818. 58° GEORGII III. C. 65, 66.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Question shall arise whether any Vinegar or Acetous Acid, or Liquors or Materials prepared or preparing for, or capable of being used as or applied to the Purposes of Vinegar or Acetous Acid, or which shall have been so used or applied respectively, which shall be ieized as and for Vinegar or Acetous Acid, or Liquors or Materials prepared or preparing for, or capable of being used as or applied to the Purposes of Vinegar or Acetous Acid, or which shall nave been so used or applied respectively, forfeited under or by virtue 0? this Act, be Vinegar or Acetous Acid, or Liquors or Materials prepared or preparing for, or capable of being used as or applied to the Purposes of Vinegar or Acetous Acid, or which shall have been so used or applied respectively, for or on which such Forfeiture is by this Act imposed; the Proof of such Vinegar or Acetous Acid, or Liquors or Materials prepared or preparing for, or capable of being used as or of being applied to the Purposes of Vinegar or Acetous Acid, or which shall have been so used or applied respectively, not being Vinegar or Acetous Acid, or Liquors or Materials prepared or preparing for*, or capable of being used as or applied to the Purposes of Vinegar or Acetous Acid, or which shall have been so used or applied respectively, for or on which such Forfeiture is by this Act imposed, shall lie upon the Owsier or Claimer thereof.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every of the Powers, Directions, Rules, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, matters and things which in and by an Act made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled An Act for taking away the Court of Wards and Liveries and Tenures in Capite, and by Knights' Service and Purveyance; and for settling a Revenue upon His Majestu in lieu thereof; or by any other Law now in force relating to His Majesty's Revenue of Excile, are provided and established, shall be (except so far as any of them may be altered by this Act) practised, used and put in Execution, in and for the Purposes of this Act, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as if all and every the said Powers, Rules, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, ClauseB, matters and things, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in this present Act.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this Act shall be filed for, recovered, levied or mitigated by such ways, means or Methods as any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture may be sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated by any Law or Laws of Excif?, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, respectively; and that One Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture shall be to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him, her or them, who shall discover, inform or Cue for the same.

CAP. LXVI.

An Act to empower any Three or more of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt to exercise all the Powers and Authorities* given to the said Commissioners by any Act or Acts of Parliament.

[3d June 1818.]

WHEREAS an Act passed in the Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled ' An Act for vejling certain Sums in Commissioners at the End of every Quarter of a Tear % to be by them applied to the ReduSton of the National Debt: And Whereas another Act passed in the Fifty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for amending two Acts passed in the Forty eighth and Forty ninth Years of His present Majesty, for enabling the Commissioners for the Reduction of the Natismal Debt to grant Life Annuities: And Whereas it was by the said first recited Act enacted, that all the Powers and Authorities which the said Commissioners were or might be enabled to exercise by the said recited Act, or any future Act or Acts of Parliament, should and might be exercised by any Number not less than Four

And Whereas by the said last recited Act it was enacted, that it Should be lawful for any Three or more of the said Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt to execute and do all matters and things which by the Acts therein recited and the said recited Act the said Commissioners are required and empowered to 4 do: And Whereas Doubts have arisen as to whether certain Acts, matters and things authorized and required to be done by the said Commissioners under several Acts of Parliament can be executed and done

by Three of such Commissioners; and it is expedient that such Doubts should be removed, and that any .« Three or more of the said Commissioners should be empowered to Ad in all cases s' Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for any Three or more of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt for the time being, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to use and exercise all Powers and Authorities, and to execute and do all Acts, matters and things, which by virtue of any Act or Acts heretofore passed and now in force, or which may hereafter be passed, the said Commissioners are or may be required or authorized or empowered to use, exercise, execute, perform or do; any thing in any Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That all the Powers and Authorities which shall have been heretofore exercised and performed, and all Acts, matters and things which shall have been executed and done, by any Three or more of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, shall be as valid and effectual in all Respeds and to all Intents and Purposes as if such Powers and Authorities had been exercised, and such Acts, matters and things execute^ and done, by any Four of such Commissioners; any thing in any Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

58 Geo. III.

S u

513

If any Question shall arise, whether Vinegar or Acetous Acid feixed be really so; the Proof to lie on the Owner.

Powers of xaC.ft. c. % 4» or any other Lew of Excite, to extend to this Act,

Recovery and Application of Penalties.

16O.3. c. jj. <2 O. 3. C. 129.

26 G. 3. c. 31.

§14.

Three Ootwmfr sioners empowered to act.

Powers exec-cifed by Thrp* Commissionfr* as valid as if fyno by Four.

5H

C. 67.

58° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1818.

57 G.j.e. 107.

(suspended lijr J8 G. 3. c.i.)

57 G 3. c. 107. repealed.

Magistrates of certain Qualifications to meet in Qounties, Counties of Cities, &c.

Applications for making Roads or executing puMic Works to be then taken into Considera* tion at the times herein mentioned.

Additional Places may he appointed by Lord Lieutenant, on Application of Grand Jury, for holding Special Section for executing A<t

Magift rates fwora to execute A*.

Who to preside as Chairman.

CAP. LXVII.

An Act to provide for the more deliberate Investigation of Presentments to be made by Grand Juries

for Roads and Public Works in Ireland, and for accounting for Money raised by such Presentments.

[3d June 1818.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to provide for the more deliberate Invejligation of Presentments to be made by Grand Juries for Roads and Public Works in Ireland, and for accounting for Money raised by such Presentments; and by an Act made in the present Session of Parliament, the Operation of the said recited Act of the last Session was suspended until the End of the present Session of Parliament; and it is expedient that the said recited Act of the last Session of

Parliament should be repealed, and that more effectual Provisions should be made for the regular and

deliberate Investigation of the Necessity and Propriety of all Roads, Buildings and Works, which may be propcded to be executed under the Presentment of the several Grand Juries in Ireland, under and by virtue of fm flry Acts of Parliament Be it therefore euaded by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Ad ice and Con fen t of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, the said recited Act of the last Session of Parliament shall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for every Magistrate of every County, County of a City, and County of a Town in Ireland, within their respective Jurisdiction, who shall be seised and possessed of a Freehold Estate in Fee Simple or Fee Tail, or as Tenant for Life under Deed or Devise, in Possession of the annual Value of Three hundred Pounds at least, or of a Leasehold Estate in Perpetuity, or for Life or Lives, or for any Term of Years not less than Twenty Years unexpired, of the annual Value of Five hundred Pounds at the least, or who shall be Heir Apparent to any Person seised or possessed of Freehold or Leasehold Estates of such Amount, or who shall be entitled to act as a Magi (Irate for any County of a City or County of a Town, or for any City and Liberties, according to the Charter of Incorporation of such City or Town, although not possessed of a Freehold or Leasehold Estate to the several Amounts aforesaid, to assemble, and such Magistrates areliereby required to assemble, in the Court Houses and other usual Places of holding the Sessions in each and every County, County of a City, or County of a Town, at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace holden and to be holden in the Month of January, and also at the Quarter Sessions holden and to be holden nearest to Easter in each and every Year, immediately after all the usual Crown or Criminal Business at such Sessions shall have been completed; and such Magistrates so assembled shall at every such Sessions and Adjournment thereof, upon the Bench in open Court, proceed to take into Consideration all Applications or Proposals for the rr^ktug or repairing of Roads, or for the executing of any Public Works belonging to the County of a City, County of a Town, or District in which such Magistrates are so assembled, in manner herein after mentioned; and shall adjourn such Sessions, for the Purposes of this Act, from Place to Place, within every County of Ireland, until such Sessions shall have been holden at all the several Court Houses and other Places of holding such Sessions within each County, where such Sessions shall be then holden for the Discharge of Crown or Criminal Business; and such Magistrates shall have Power to adjourn from Day to Day only (except from Saturday to Monday) and from Place to Place, until such Sessions shall be completed in all such Places as aforesaid; all such Applications or Proposals as shall relate to any Roads or Public Works, for which it is intended to apply for Presentments at the Spring Assizes, shall be considered at some such Sessions or Adjournment thereof, to be holden in the Month of January next preceding such Assizes; and all such Applications or Proposals as shall relate to any Roads or Public Works, for which it is intended to apply for Presentments at the Summer Assizes, shall be considered at some such Sessions or Adjournment thereof to be holden nearest to Easter next preceding such Assizes.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, upon any Representation to be to him made by the Grand Jury for that Purpose, at any Assizes for any County, to nominate and appoint any one or more additional Town or Towns, Place or Places, within such County, at which Town or Towns, Place or Places, Special Sessions shall and may be holden at the said several Periods, for the Purpose of carrying this Act into Execution within and for such District or Districts, to be measured by and to consist of Baronies, Half Baronies or Parishes, as shall, by Order of such Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors, upon such Representation as aforesaid, be annexed to such Town or Towns, Place or Places, for the Purposes of this Act; and such Special Sessions, for the Purposes of this Act, shall be holden at and adjourned to such Towns or Places, so mentioned and appointed, in lifce manner as is hereinbefore required, with respect to the holding and adjourning Sessions at or to the several Places of holding Sessions for Crown or Criminal Business, until such Sessions shall have been holden at all the said Places respectively within each County.

IV. And be it further enacted, That at the First Meeting of such Magistrates at such Sessions (not less than Three Magistrates being present, or the whole Number of Magistrates in any County of a Town where such Namber shall be less than Three), every Magistrate at such Meeting shall take and subscribe an Oath, according to the Form in Schedule (A.) to this Act annexed, by and before dny Two of the said Magistrates so being present (which Oath any One of such Magistrates is hereby authorized to administer) 5 and ever Magistrate who shall attend at any such Meeting, or any Adjournment thereof, shall, before acting in Execution of this Act, take and subscribe such Oath in Tike manner: Provided always, that such Magistrate shall preside as Chairman at every such Meeting or Adjournment thereof, as shall be chosen by-the Majority of the Magistrates then present,

V.Aud

A.D. 1818. 58° GEORGII III. C. 67.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Chairman presiding at each and every such Meeting held under this Act, shall deliver to the Secretary of the Grand Jury of the County, County of a City or Town respectively, a correct Lift, signed by nimfelf, of the Magistrates who shall have taken*and subscribed the said Oath, and who shall have been present at each such Meeting respectively; which Lift shall be laid before the Grand Jury by the said Secretary at the ensuing Assizes; and such Secretary is hereby required to attend each and every such Meeting, and ad as Clerk to the Magistrates there assembled; and shall also from time to time transmit or deliver all the Oaths of Qualification so made by such Magistrates to the Clerk of the Peace of the County, to be by him preserved among the Records of the County.

VI. And be it further enacted, That Notices in Writing of all Applications, Requests or Proposals for the

laying out, forming, making or repairing of Roads, or for building or repairing of Court Houses, Sessions Houses, Bridges or Walls, or for executing any other public Works, intended to be submitted to the Magistrates at such Sessions, shall be posted, by or on behalf of the Persons making such Proposals, on the Door of the Parish Church* where there is any such Church in Repair, and where there is not any such Church in Repair, then on the Door of the next adjoining Parish Church which is in Repair, and also on the Door of any Roman Catholic Chapel which may be within the Parish to which such Proposal relates, upon the Sunday next but one previous to the First Day of holding such General Quarter Sessions, in the Forenoon, between the Hours of Nine and Twelve o'Clock.

VII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the First Day of November next ensuing the passing of this Act, all such Parts of any Act or Acts in force in Ireland as require any Affidavit or Affidavits to be made for the Purpose of grounding any Preferment or Preferments for the making or repairing any Road, or executing any public Work, shall, as to such Roads and public Works, be and the same are hereby repealed 5 apd that in lieu thereof, whenever it shall be intended that any Application, Request or Proposal mall be made to the Magistrates at any Sessions to be holden pursuant to this Act, for the laying out, forming, making or repairing of Roads, or for building or repairing of Court Houses, Sessions Houses, Bridges or Walls, or for executing any other public Works, such Application shall be made in Writing, as nearly as may be in some one of the Forms marked (B, C.D. E, F, G, and H) in the Schedule to this Act annexed, respectively set forth, signed by at lead two Persons, fully describing the Nature of the Road, Building or Work proposed or desired, accompanied with a detailed Estimate of the Expence thereof, a Specification of the Quantity and Nature of the Materials to be used, and also with such Maps, Sedions, Ground Plans and Elevations, as shall be necessary for fully explaining and ascertaining the Situation, Nature, Utility and probable Expence of such Road, Building or Work respectively; and every such Estimate, Specification, Map, Ground Plan, Section and Elevation, shall be signed by some known Surveyor, Engineer or Archited, or by some other competent Person; and the Expence attending the making of every such Estimate, Map, Section, Ground Plan and Elevation, shall be defrayed and borne by the Persons making such Application, or one of them.

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Presentment shall be made for laying out any such new Road, unless it shall appear to the Grand Jury, by the Affidavit of One credible Witness, sworn before a Justice of the Peace for such County, that a Map of such new Road has been deposited with the Treasurer of the County Twenty one Days at lead before the Commission Day of the Affixes, and that a Notice setting forth that an Application is intended to be made at the next Assizes for a Presentment to lay out a new Road from

to distinguishing the several Town-

lands and Baronies or Half Baronies through which it is intended to' be carried, with the Number of Perches it is to be made in Length through each Townland, has been personally served upon or left at the House of each Occupier of the Land through which such, new Road is intended to be made in such County, Twenty one Days at lead before the Commission Day of the Assizes, and that a like Notice has been also posted upon the Door of the County Court House Twenty one Days at least before the Commission Day of the Assizes; nor unless it shall also appear, by an Affidavit sworn in like manner, unless the fame be from Post Town to Pod Town, and psefented under the Regulations of an Act passed in Ireland in the Thirty second Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for improving and keeping in Repair the Pod Roads of this Kingdom, that no Part of such new Road is to be made through any Deer Park or Field enclosed with a Wall built of Lime and Stone or Bricks Five Feet high oc more, without the Consent of the Owner thereof; and no Part thereof is to be made through any House entirely built with Lime and Stone or Bricks, or through any Office or Orchard-belonging to any Person inhabiting a House so built, without the Consent of such Person.

IX. Provided also, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall repeal any Part of any Act or Acts now in force in Ireland requiring certain Affidavits to be taken by Supervisors and Deputy Super-vifors, for grounding any Presentment or Presentments for Money advanced by them.

X. And be it further enacted, That every such Estimate shall be written upon a Paper damped in the same manner and with the fame Amount of Stamp Duty as is or shall by Law be payable for and in respect of the Affidavit necessary for grounding the Presentment so applied for.

XI. And be it further enacted, That whenever any such Application shall be for the making any new Road or Line of Road, whatever the proposed Length of such Road shall be, or for the widening any old Road, or for the lowering any Hill, or for the filling up of any Hollow in any Line of Road, the Map or Plan accompanying the Estimate on such Application shall be drawn upon a Scale not less than that of Twenty Perches to an Inch; and such Map or Plan shall correctly exhibit the Ground Plan of every such proposed Road, and also of every adjoining public Road or Highway with which it may be necessary or defifable to compare it, in order to determine on the Expediency of complying with such Application j and such Map or Plan shall

3 U 2 also

5*5

Chairman to fend Lift of Magistrates qualifying, to Secretary of Grand Jury. Secretary to attend, &c.

Notice of Applications for Proposals for Repairs of Roads, &c. to be ported as herein mentioned

All A<fls requiring grounding Affidavits repealed.

In lieu thereof. Application for Roads and Work* to be made to Sessions in writing, with Estimatesaod Maps annexed, and signed by a'Surveyor,

By whom Expence defrayed.

Affidavit required as to new Road.

Affidavit to state that Road is not to be made through any Deer Park, &c.

(Exception, ) without Consent of Owner* &c.

Proviso for Acts requiring Affidavits by Supervisors.

Estimate written on lUmpcd Paper.

How and upon what Scale Maps of Roads shall be drawn to accompany Applications fug them.

5*6

Estimitcf, Are. lodged with Secretary of Grand Jury 15 Days before each Section, 5c c. Secretary to ar-range and number Efti mates, and make Separate Schedules of the iimne. Secretary of Grand Jury to lay Applications, Estimates, See. before Sessions.

Notice of Application.

Estimates to be sworn before Sessions. Chairman to deliver Applications, presentment^ &c. to Secretary of Grand Jury.

"Wh#re the Sum applied for does not exceed aol. an Estimate only to be produced.

T reasurers,

Secretary, Colleger, &c. not

C. 67. 58° GEORGII III. A.D. 1818.

also be (haded in such manner as to represent and exhibit the Situation of all Hills occurring on the Line of any such proposed or existing Road, and also shall exhibit all Streams of Water which may run or flow acrose any such proposed or existing Road, and all Bogs or Marfties through which any such proposed or existing Road may pase, and the Boundaries and Denominations of all such Townlands as any such Road shall traverse, so far as they are respectively interfered by the said Road, and all Houses Handing or being within Ten Perches of any such proposed or existing Road respectively, and the Names of the occupying Tenants thereof respectively; and every such Map or rlan shall he accompanied by a perpendicular Section of every such proposed and existing Road, and in the Case of a new Road by a Croft Section likewise of the fame, (howing the intended Form of the said new Road, and the Depth and Postion of the Materials to be employed thereon; the Scale of which Section or Sections shall be in such Proportion to the Ground Plan of such proposed and existing Roads, as shall he convenient for the due Comparison of such Sections and Ground Plans with each other, and every such Map and perpendicular Section shall (how in every Part of all such proposed or existing Roads, and of all such Hills and Hollows as shall he delineated in such Map, the Degree of Rife or Fall and Inclination or Declination (expressed in Feet and Inches) of every Part of the Surface of such Roads, Hills and Hollows respectively; and the Height (expressed in Feet and Inches) of every Part of such Surface above the hase Line thereof.

XII. And be it further enacted, That every such Application, with the Estimates, Maps, Sections, Ground Plan8 and Elevations relating thereto shall he lodged with the Secretary of the Grand Jury Fifteen Days at the least previous to the flrfl Day of the said January and Easter Quarter Sessions to be holden respectively in each arid every Year; and every such Secretary shall, immediately upon the Receipt of such Applications, with the Estimates, Plans and other Matters relating thereto, arrange the same to the bed of his Skill and Know* ledge, according to the several District9in which they shall be to be taken into Consideration, and shall number and make Abdraft8 of the Contents of the fame in separate Schedules, (that is to say, One Schedule for each District); and every Abstract in every such Schedule shall he marked with a Number corresponding with the Numbers indorsed upon the several Applications, and in such manner as that all the proposed Repairs on any Line of Road shall be placed ip regular Order one after the other.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Secretary of the Grand Jury shall lay before such Magi-flrates at every such Sessions respectively, and the several Adjournments thereof, all the Applications with the Estimates, Maps and other Matters relating thereto respectively, which shall have been lodged with him as aforesaid, for executing public Works within the District or County of a City or County of a Town in which such Magistrates shall be so assembled, together with the Schedule of the fame so made by him as aforesaid; and the Surveyor or other Person by whom any such Eftiroate shall be signed as required by this Act, shall attend at such Sessions (at the Expence of the Parties making such Application), and shall he there sworn before the said Magistrates in open Court upon the Bench, to the Truth of such Estimate, and of all Maps, Plans and Papers signed by such Surveyor or other Person 5 whereupon such Estimate shall be marked Sworn, " and signed by the presiding Magistrate; and such Surveyor or other Person shall also be sworn in open Court to make true Answer to all such Questions as shall be then a(ked of him respecting such proposed Work; and it shall be lawful for any Person desiring Information respecting the Particulars of such proposed Work, to examine such Surveyor or other Person having so signed and sworn to the fame; and such Magistrate* so assembled, or such Number as shall be present, being not left than Three, shall proceed in open Court, upon the Bench there, to take into Consideration and dispose of all such Applications whereof Notice shall have been posted and given in manner required By this Act (such Notice to be proved on Oath to the Satisfaction of such Magistrates), and the Estimate, Maps, Plans and Papers relating where to shall be sworn at such Sessions in manner required by this Act, and none others 5 and such of the said Applications as shall be approved by the Majority at such Sessions as aforesaid, shall be signed by the Chairman, with the word Approved" prefixed; and all such Proposals as shall be disapproved by the Majority at such Sessions, shall be signed by the Chairman with the word Disapproved" prefixed; and such Chairman, in all cases when the Numbers ire equal, shall have a calling Voice: Provided always, that all Estimates relating to such Applications shall be sworn before the Magistrates assembled as aforesaid within the District in which the Road or Work to which such Application shall relate is proposed to be executed; and that in all cases the Chairman of such Sessions, and some One other 'Magistrate present at such Session, shall both of them sign the Jurat of every such Affidavit; and so (bon as the Magistrates assembled at such Sessions shall have examined and decided upon all such Applications in such Districts as shall he laid before them at such Sessions, the Chairman of such Sessions shall deliver all such Applications, whether approved or disapproved, together with the Estimates, Maps, Plans and all other Matters relating to the feme, to the said Secretary of the Grand Jury; and all such Applications, whether approved or disapproved, shall by the said Secretary of the Grand Jury be laid before the Grand Jury at the next ensuing Assizes.

XIV. Provided always, That in all cases of Application for repairing Roads, wherein the total Sum applied for shall not exceed Twenty Pounds, it shall not be necessary to produce any Map or Section, or for any Surveyor to be examined relating to the said Application, b\# that in such cases the written Application shall be accompanied by an Estimate in the Form prescribed by Schedule (G.) subscribed by the Person who shall have subscribed such Application; and that at least One of the said Persons shall attend at such Quarter $essions, and verify upon Oath the Fainieft of such Estimate, and further answer upon Oath all such Questious relating to the same as shall be put to hin* by any Magistrate acting at such Quarter Sessions.

XV. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Sheriff of any County, County of a City, or County of a Town, to return upon any Pannel for any Grand Jury at any Assizes in such County, County of a City, or County of a Town, any Person who shall be either Treasurer of the County, Secretary

13 cf

v^»

A.D. 1818.

58° GEORGII III. C. 67. 517

of the Grand Jury, Chief ConfUUe, or Collector of any Barony, or Clerk of the Crown, or Clerk of the Peace.

XVI. And be it further enacted and declared that the Oath taken by Grand Jurors in Irelahd9 in such manner and Form as hath heretofore been practised according to Law at the several Affixes in Ireland» shall not, at any time after the passing of this Act, extend or relate, or be construed or taken to extend or relate to any of the Duties of Grand Jurors connected with Preferments for the Execution of Public Works.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, every Grand Juror, immediately after being sworn before the Judge of Assize in such manner and Form as hath heretofore been practised according to Law at the several Assizes in Ireland, shall in open Court at such Assizes also take the Oath following; that is to say,

YOU shall diligently inquire, on behalf of the County \or County of the City, or County of the Town]

1 of and true Preferment make, of all such Matters and things as shall be lawfully given

to you in Charge, or as shall come before you in any wise, relating to the raffing of any Money upon the

t said County £or County of City, or County of Town] of or being any Barony, Half

Barony, District or Parish therein, or relating to the Expenditure of any such Money: You shall not present, nor allow nor disallow any Matter or tiling through Hatred, Malice or ill Will, nor through Fear,

Favour or Affcdion. So help you GOD/

And it shall and may be lawful for any Grand Juror to disclose any Evidence or other Matter or thing whatsoever, relative to the making or refusing of any such Presentment, 0^ relative to the Expenditure of any Money raised by Presentment.

XVIII. And be it Further enacted, That the Secretary to the Grand Jury shall forthwith after the Sessions of Magistrates shall ha/e been held in the several Districts at the time specified, arrange and number all such Applications, Estimates, Presentments, and other Matters relating to such Estimates and Preferments, and shall cause Abstracts thereof to be made and inserted in Schedules, to be made (One for each Barony and Half Barony, and One for the County), with each Item separately numbered; distinguishing by the Words u Approved, " or«Disapproved, " the Determination of the Magistrates on every such Application, at any Sessions holden under this Act; and Rating the Sum of Money required for each Item, and calling up the Amount of all such Sums at the Foot of each Page, and carrying forward the fame, so as to (how the total Amount of the Sum which is proposed or required to be raised off the County at large, and the Sums proposed or required to be raised in each Barony and Half Barony, and specifying the Amount of the Charge which such Amount would, if presented, occasion on each Barony or Half Barony, particularizing and distinguishing the Charge proposed or required to be raised on every Barony or Half Barony for their respective Use, and the Proportion of the Sums so to be raised on the fame Barony or Half Barony, arffing from the Charge on the County at large; and such Secretary shall cause a Copy of such Schedules to be inserted in the County and Barony Hooks, according as the Charge shall belong either to the County or Barony, always inserting in the County Book such as may be doubtful, as depending on the discretionary Power vested in Grand Juries 5 and such Secretary shall forthwith cause a Number of Copies of such Schedules to be printed and distributed, Ten Days at lead before the Commission Day of the ensuing Assizes, among the several Magistrates of each Districts and such other Persons as usually compose the Grand Pannel of the County, County of a City or Town, to which such Secretary belongs, not excee'dine Thirty Copies for each Barony and Half Barony; and such Secretary shall likewise deliver a Copy of such printed Schedule to the Foreman of the Grand Jury, immediately after such Grand Jury shall have been sworn, and also a Copy to the Judge of Assize, immediately upon his opening the Commission, and shall keep a Copy in his Office for the Inspection Of all whom it may concern; and the said Secretary shall have such Copy ready for Inspection at his Office at all reasonable times, after such Schedule has been printed, previous to such Affixes.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the Secretary to the Grand Jury at every Assizes (so soon as the Grand Jury shall be sworn at such Assizes) shall deliver all such Applications, the Estimates, Maps, Plans and Papers relating where to shall have been sworn to at any Sessions of such Magistrates, together with the Forms of the Presentments thereon, to the Foreman of such Grand Jury, and such Grand Jury shall proceed to take the fame into Consideration; and such of the said Presentments as shall be disapproved of by such Grand Jury, shall and may be forthwith either altered or cancelled accordingly, and shall, by the Secretary, be erased from or altered in the County or Barony Books; and such of the said Presentments as shall be approved by the said Grand Jury, shall be sanctioned conformably to such Approval, by the Signature of the Foreman of such Grand Jury; and it shall and may be lawful for any Grand Jury to make any Presentment in re(pe& of any Road or Public Work, the Particulars of the Application relating to which shall be entered in such printed Schedules, although any such Application for such Road or Public Work shall have been disapproved of by the Magistrates at any such Sessions; and also to present any smaller Sum to be expended, or any less Number of Perches of Road to be made, widened or repaired, or any less Number of Perches of Fences to be made, or at a smaller Rate by the Perch, than may be required or set forth in any Estimate on which any Presentment shall be grounded, or to present a Part only of any Sum required according to the Discretion of such Grand Jury.

XX. And be it further enacted, That no Presentment shall be taken into Consideration by the Grand Jury, nor shall be hated by the Court, for any of the Purposes aforesaid, unless the Particulars of such proposed Presentments shall be entered in such printed Schedules; such Presentments, Matters or things only excepted as Graud Juries are or may be authorized by Law to present, the Particulars of which and the Amount

whereof

to be itaptnntU led on a Jury.

Present Oath of Grand Jurors not to extend to Presentments for Public Works.

Oath of Grand Jury relating to Presentments for raising Motoey, Sic*

Grand Juror may disclose Evidence.

Secretary to make Schedules, entering Ab-stra&t of all*Applications. What such Schedule; are to state.

Schedules to be printed and dil-tributecL

Secretary to deliver a Cl»py ct Schedules to Foreman of Grand Jury, and to Judge of Aflite, Sec. Affidavits and Presentments to be delivered by Secretary of Grand Jury to Foreman of Grand Jury. Proceedings thereon.

No Prerental eut to he considered by Grand Jury nor fitted by Court,

518

if not entered in printed Schc-dule.

(Exception.)

Presentments for Remunera* tioa to Secretary of the Grand Jury.

No Money presentable for any Person holding Officer unless he has made Affidavit aa herein mentioned at each Affixes.

Proviso for refusal of Application for Salary through Miscon-du6t of Party.

All Money prefixed by Grand Jury to he accounted for at Quarter Sessions, on Notice and on Affidavit in open Court, See. after the First Day of November;

and tranimated to the Secretary of the Grand Jury to be proceeded upon. Treasurer of County, Sec. not to pay Money until Queries discharged.

Overseers appointed by Grsnd Juries empowered to enter into Contract for Public Works.

Where Expenditure accounted

C. 67. 58° GEORGII III. A.D. 1818.

whereof could not have been ascertained previous to the Quarter Sessions next preceding such Assizes, all which Presentmenta, matters and things may be presented by such Grand Jury after being so impannelled, although the Purpose thereof shall not be specified or referred to in any of such Schedules as aforesaid, and although no Proceedings shall have been had relating thereto in manner required by this A A at the Quarter Sessions preceding such Assizes.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Grand Jury, at any Assizes, to present any Sum of Money not exceeding Five Pounds, to be raised off such County, as an Allowance or Remuneration to the Secretary of the Grand Jury for his Attendance at each of the Places wherein any Sessions or Adjournment thereof shall have been holden, previous to such Assizes for the Purposes of this Act, and for the performing and executing the Duties required by this Act to be performed by such Secretary of the Grand Jury.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Grand Jury, at any Assizes, to present any Sum or Sums of Money in the Way of Salary, or any other Allowance for the Payment or Remuneration of any Person holding or executing, or having held or executed, any Office for which any Salary or Allowance is claimed, unless there be an Affidavit of iuoh Perfion prefixed to the Form of the Presentment for the fame when laid before such Grand Jury, sworn before a Justice of the Peace in Presence of the Grand. Jury, setting forth that such Officer, for whom the Money is required to be presented, hath diligently and faithfully executed the Duties of "his Office as prescribed by Law, since the preceding Assizes; and that he has entered into all such Recognizances for the due anjl faithful Execution of his Office, which by any Law he is required to do, to the bed of his Knowledge and Belief, specifying the Names of the respective Sureties; and no Application shall be made for any Presentment for any Salary or Remuneration to any Person at any Assizes, which might have been applied and presented for at any previous Assizes, t^Mess the Person making such Application shall make an Affidavit, Rating some Reasons, satisfactory to the Grand Jury, why such Application was not made at such previous Assizes; and if it shall happen that any Application for any Salary or Remuneration shall be rejected or refused by any Grand Jury at any Assizes, on acooutit of any Neglect or Misconduct in Office of the Party making such Application, it shall not be lawful for any Grand Jury, at any subsequent Assizes, to make any Presentment for any such Salary or Remuneration, in respect of any Period previous to the Assizes at which such Application was rejected or refused.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That after the Fird Day of November next ensuing after the passing of this Act, the Expenditure of every Sum of Money presented by any Grand Jury for the making or repairing any Road, or executing any public Work, within any Barony or Half Barony of any County, or within any County of a City or Town, shall be accounted for at any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden in such^County, County of a City or Town, in which such Road or Work shall be situate, and not elsewhere, any Law, Statute, Usage or Cudom to the contrary notwithstanding; and that all Persons intending to account for the Expenditure of any such Sum of Money at any such Quarter Sessions, shall give Notice in Writing to the Clerk of the Peace of their Intention so to do, at lead Fifteen Days before the Fird Day of such Sessions; and the said Clerk of the Peace shall, Ten Days at lead before the Fird Day of such Quarter Sessions, affix on the Door of the Sessions House or Court House of the Town or Place where such Sessions shall be holden, a Lid of the Names of all Persons who shall have given such Notice, and of the Roads or Works for the Expenditure whereon each Person has so given Notice to account; and at every such Quarter Sessions all Accounts of which such Notice shall have so been given by the Party accounting, and all Vouchers relating thereto, shall be verified by the Oath of the attending Overseer appointed by the Grand Jury, and shall be examined in open Court at such Sessions, and all such Oaths shall be administered in open Court by the presiding Magistrate; and all other Business before such Court shall in the mean time cease; and every such Oath shall be subscribed by the Party making the same, and shall be atteded by Two of the Justice8 of the Peace, attending such Meeting, in the Presence of e^ch other, fitting on the Bench in open Court $ and all such Accounts, and all Affidavits relating thereto, shall be forthwith transmitted or delivered to the Secretary or Grand Jury by the Clerk of the Peace, to be proceeded upon by the Grand Jury at the next ensuing Assizes, and the Queries on the Presentments relating thereto shall be discharged by said Grand Jury in such manner in all reipeAs as is now required by Law with respect to accounting Affidavits laid before Grand Juries at any Assizes; and from and after the Fird Day of July which will be in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, it shall not be lawful for the Treasurer of any County, County of a City or Town, to pay any Sum or Sums of Money on account or in respect of any Presentment whatever, until the Queries thereon shall be discharged at such Assizes, after the Expenditure thereon shall have been accounted for in manner required by this Act, any Law, Statute, Custom or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XXIV. And Whereas it will contribute to lessen the Expence of executing any Public Works, if the Over- seers appointed by the Grand Juries were enabled to make ContraAs for the fame; 9 Be it therefore further enacted, That from and after the Fird Day of November next, any Overseer may and is hereby empowered to enter into a ContraA with any fit and proper Person or Persons for the Execution of any public Works to he performed by him 5 and that in all such cates as it is required by any Act or Acts now in torce for any Overseer to swear that the Account annexed to his accounting Affidavit is true in every Part, the said annexed Account may recite a Statement of the Works having been performed by ContraA, and a Copy of the ContraA in place of a detailed Account of the Number of Persons or Horses actually employed in the Execution of the Works.

XXV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That where the Expenditure relating to any Presentment shall be duly accounted for at any Quarter Sessions that shall be held in the Month of October, it shall and may he

xo lawful

A.D. 1818. 58° GEORGII III. C. 67. 519

lawful for the County Treasurer to issue the Money prefen ted for the said Work, or such Portion thereof as for at October shall be accounted for, to the Person entitled to receive the same, at the time and in the manner in which such Sessio»s, Trt«-Treasurer is now by Law authorized to pay the same. to , flr°e

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Person occupying or paying

Ce(s for Ten Acres of Ground, to appear at any Assizes or General Quarter Sessions to be holden within each accwming Ak, # County in Ireland respectively, and to offer to controvert the Truth of any accounting Affidavit there pro- fiduvit may be duced, on the Ground of the Insufficiency of the Execution of the Work, or the undue or Non Expenditure of traversal on the Money to which such Affidavit shall relate; provided that the Person offering to controvert the Truth of Notice toc-such Affidavit as aforesaid shall have given Notice in Writing of his Intention so to do, to the accounting °ver-

Overseer, before the First Day of such Sessions or Assizes, as the case may be; and whenever any such Per* How Traverse son so having given Notice as aforesaid shall so appear and offer to controvert the Truth of such Affidavit, it tried.

shall, be lawful for the Court at such Assizes or Sessions, as the case may be, and they are hereby required to try the Truth of the Fast or Fasts alleged in Controverlion of the Truth of such Affidavit, by a Jury, in the same manner as any Traverse within the Jurisdiction of such Court ought to be tried; and in case the Truth of such Fast or Fads shall be found, the accounting Affidavit shall be disallowed accordingly; and it shall not be lawful for the Clerk of the Crown, Clerk of the Peace or any other Persons, ta take or receive upon such Traverse any Fee for or in respect of any such Traverse; and it shall be lawful for the Court be- Costs. iore which such Trial shall be had, to give such Coffs, either to the Party controverting such Affidavit, in case such Affidavit shall be disallowed, (or to the accounting Overseer in case such Affidavit shall be allowed, ) as such Court shall in either case think fit and reasonable, and the Amount of such Coffs shall be recoverable by Civil Bill within the proper Jurisdi61 ion.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That whenever and so often as it shall happen that any Sum of Mo- Sums not ex-jaey heretofore presented, er hereafter to be presented, to be raised off any .County, Cdtfuty , of a City, or End<yW, th"l County of a Town, or any Barony or Half Barony, (hill not be expended agreeable to .such Presentment and be^efemed*0 accounted for within the Space of Two Years next after such Presentment shall have been made, it shall; and again, &c. may be lawful for the Grand Jury of fu$h County, County of a City or County of a Town, and they are hereby required again to present such Sums of Money, to be applied to other Purposes, and in like manner to present any Saving which may be made on any Presentment, to be expended upon some other Work within the Barony or Half Barony upon which the former Sum or such Saving was presented to be raised, or within the County, if raised on the County at large: Provided always, that where Sums are presented to be raised Proviso for by Inffalments for executing any Public Work, it shall not be imperative on the Grand Jury again to present Money r#ifed l)y such Sums for other Purposes in manner aforesaid. nftalments.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the First Day of November next ensuing the Where Baronies passing of this Act, in all cases where any Barony within any County shall consist of any Two or mor&distinct consist of distinct and unconnected Parts, and the Grand Jury shall be of opinion that it would be convenient and expedient to and unconnected consider such unconnected Parts as separate Baronies or Half Baronies, it shall and may be lawful for such

Grand Jury to present any Sums to be raised upon such Barony in such manner that a Proportion of such to be apportion-Sum may be raised on each of such unconnected Parts of such Barony, in like manner as if such Parts were ed. separate and distinct Baronies or Half Baronies; and the same shall be raised and levied accordingly; 'any former Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary in any wise not with standing.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That any Person who in any Affidavit, or in any Examination on Oath False (Wearing, required to be made or had under this Act shall swear falsely, shall be subject and liable to#all such Perjury.

Pams, Penalties, and Forfeitures as may be inflicted on wilful and corrupt Perjury by the Laws in force in

Ireland.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where, upon any Affidavit for supporting any Appli- In case of Per-

cation for any Presentment, or for authenticating any Estimate, or other matter or thing relating to such Ap- jUI7» Grand plication, according to the Direction of this Act, or for accounting for Public Money, it shall appear to the Jury may onle» Grand Jury that the Person or Persons making such Affidavits has or have been guilty of wilful and corruptProfA

'Perjury, it shall and may be lawful for the Grand Jury to make such Presentment for defraying the Profecu* Cution.

tion of such Delinquent as to them may seem fitting and expedient.

XXXI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed Proviso for to extend to the County of Dublin, or ter the County of the City of Dublin, except only so far as is herein- County and after expressly enacted and provided by this Act; and that nothing in this Act contained shall alter or repeal Gcminy of

or be construed to alter or repeal any Local Act relating to the manner of presenting or accounting in any j^and so local other County, or County of a City or 'County of a Town in Ireland.

XXXII. And Whereas by an Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the Twenty sixth Year of the 2$ q^ j Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for making, widening and repairing Public Roads in the c. 14. requiring County of Dublin, and for repealing Parts offevered Acts formerly made for that Purpose; it is enacted, that Affidavit* for tfvery Affidavit to ground a Presentment, or to account for Work done, shall be lodged with the Secretary ST0UD^ng Prsof the Grand Jury Four Days at least before the First Sitting Day of each presentiner Term; and it would be^ged^whh be of great Benefit and Advantage to the said County of Dublinf that the said Affidavits should be lodged Secretary of with the acting Secretary of the Grand Jury of the said County so many Days previous to the First Sitting Grand Jury in Day of each presenting Term, that Schedules of such Affidavits might be prepared and printed for Delivery the County of to Magistrates and others previous to fu^h Term Be it therefore enacted, That all Affidavits for frefent-ments for forming, levelling, fencing, draining, widening, making, repairing or otherwise improving any koad fiday^shall t>« in the County of Dublin, and for the building, repairing or otherwise improving any Bridge, Session House, lodged Gaol or other Mason work in the County, and also ttall accounting Affidavits of Overseers appointed from Days previous to

Year

520

C. 67.

58° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1818.

Term, and Schedules of such Affidavits prepared and printed /or Delivery 11 Days before the Term, in the County of Dublin.

Grand Juries may present for Expences of preparing and printing such Schedules.

[Proviso.]

Proviso for Prs-fentments for Repayment of Monies advanced by Order of Lord Lieutenant, (c c. PsmiUo for Qwdal A6is respe^ing Court House*, fee.

Commencement

#fAa.

Year to Year to keep the Roads of the said County in Repair and free from Nuisancet, shall be lodged Thirty Days at the least before the First Sitting Day of each presenting Term, with the acting Secretary of the Grand Jury of the said County; and such Secretary is hereby required to keep an Office open for the Purpose $ and forthwith after the Receipt of such Affidavits to cause Schedules of such Affidavits to be prepared and printed, and to be ready for Delivery at his Office Twenty one dear Daye before the First Sitting Day of each presenting Term, to such Magistrates and Landholders in the said County of Dublin as may apply for the fame provided that the Number so to be printed shall not exceed Fifty for each Barony in the said County of Dublin, (the Baronies of Saint Sepulchre's and Donore excepted.)

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Grand Jury of the said County of Dublin, and they are hereby authorized and required, at each presenting Term for the said County, to present such Sum or Sums as shall be necessary for defraying the Expences of preparing and printing the said Schedules $ provided always, that an Affidavit of the Printer, dating his Charge to be usual and reasonable, be first laid before the said Grand Jury at such presenting Term 5 and that no such Preferment for the preparing such Schedules and printing of such Copies shall be made, unless such printed Copies were ready for Delivery at the Office of the Secretary Twenty one clear Days before the First Sitting Day of the Term at which such Preferment shall be applied for.

XXXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to limit the Authority of Grand Juries in making any Preferment at any Affixes for the Repayment of any Monies advanced by Order of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland\ or for the raffing of any Money for the Support and Maintenance of any Charitable Establishment, or for any Purposes not foecially provided for by this Act, for which such Grand Jury are or may be empowered to make any Presentment.

XXXV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to affect or alter any Clauses, Powers or Provisions contained in any special Act or Acts of Parliament relating particularly to the Erection or Maintenance of any Court House, Sessiont House, or County House, or to any Gaol or Prison in or for any County, or County of a City, or County of a Town, in Ireland.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and take effect from the First Day pi November next after the passing of this Act, and not sooner,

Schedule (A.)

FORM of OATH of Magistrates at Sessions, acting in Execution of this Act.

I A.B. of C.D. do swear, That I am seised and possessed of a freehold Estate in 'Fee Simple [or, in Fee Tail, or, as Tenant for Life under Deed or IJevife] in Possession of the annual Value of Three hundred Pounds [or, of a Leasehold Estate in Perpetuity, for Life or Lives, pr, for a Term of Years not less than Twenty one Years unexpired, of the Annual Value of Five hundred Pounds 5 or, that I am an Heir Apparent of E. F. who is seised or possessed of a Freehold Estate of the annual Value of Three hundred Pounds, or, of a Leasehold Estate for Lire or Lives, or for a Term of Years not less than Twenty one Years unexpired, of the Annual Value of Five hundred Pounds]; and that such Estate is situate in the Parish of and consists of [hereSpecify the Name of the Townland or other Description of the Property]; and that the said Estate is bondJlJe the Property of the Person hereinbefore stated, and not holden in Trust, nor conveyed to him for the Purposes of this Act; or, that I am entitled to act as a Magistrate for the County of the City of or, for the County of the Town of according to the Charter of Incor-

poration thereof; and that in the Execution of an Act made in the Fifty eighth Year of the Reign of King I George the Third, intituled [here insert the Title of this AQ-\> I will truly, faithfully, and impartially do and perform all such matters and things as I am authorized and required to do by the said Act, without Favour, Affection, hatred, Malice or ill Will, according to the best of 1my Judgment, upon the Information to be laid before me. go help me GOD.

Schedule (B.)

APPLICATION ANJ> ESTIMATE FOR A BUILDING.

County of 1 ^E A.B. of in the county of and Q. D. of

) in the County of do certify, That in our Qpinipn it is necessary to build 4

or repair a [as the case may be] at in the Barony of

in said County; and that we have caused the annexed Plan, Elevation, Estimate and Specification to be made by B. F. a competent Person, (killed in such Work; and that the Estimate is ip our Opinion fair and reasonable.

If the Application be for repairing, 1 the Words Plan, Section, and

Elevation, may ho omitted. J (Signed) A. Bn

[Here annex the Estimate and Specification required by this Act.]

Schedule

A.D. 1818. 58° GEORGII III. C. 67.

Schedule (C.)

FOK A NEW LINE OF ROAD OR FOOTPATH.

B. of in the County of and C.D. of

in the County of do certify, That in our Opinion it is necessary to open a new

Line of Road or Footpath, at the case may le9 from to and that we

have caused the annexed Map, Estimate and Specification to be made by E. F. a competent Surveyor; and that the said Estimate includes the whole probable Expence of making the said Road, and appears to be a reasonable Charge.

ESTIMATE.

[State the Number of Perches, each Townland with the Baronies through which it is to pass, the intended Width of the Road, specifying the Width of the Part to be covered with Gravel or Small Stones, the average Depth of such Covering, Prices to be paid for forming, levelling, fencing and finishing the fame, whether it is proposed to be executed by Talk or Days* Work, the Price of drawing the Materials, whether by Talk or Day s' Work, and such further Particulars of the intended Expenditure as may seem necessary, with the total Expence of such Line of Road.]

Schedule (D.)

FOR WIDENING ROADS.

A.B. of in the County of and C.D. of

in the County of do certify, That we have lately viewed and examined

Perches of the Road from to between

and in the Baronies of in the said

County; which Part of such Road is only Feet wide between the Fences; and

we are of Opinion that it would be useful to widen the said Road, so as to make such Parts of the said Road

Feet wide between the Fences; and we have caused the annexed Estimate and Specification to be made by JE. F. a competent Person, {killed in such Work; and the said Estimate and Specification we are of Opinion is fair and reasonable.

SECOND ESTIMATE*

[State the Width of the present Road, how much is to be widened, specifying the Width to be covered with Gravel or Small Stones, the average Depth of such Covering, the Prices of forming, levelling, fencing and finishing, whether it is proposed to be executed by Talk or Days* Work, the Price of drawing Materials, whether by Talk or Days* Work, and such further Particulars of the intended Expenditure as may seem necessary, with the total Expence thereof.]

Schedule (E.)

FOR LOWERING A HILL, OR FILLING A HOLLOW.

"^T'E A.B. of in the County of and C. Z). of

in the County of do certify, That we have lately viewed a Hill or Hollow,

lying or being at on the Road between and

in the Barony of in said County; and that we are of Opinion that it would be useful

to the Public to lower such Hill and fill such Hollow; and that the Road cannot be conveniently changed to avoid such Hill or such Hollow, without incurring a greater Expence, or causing a confidence Increase in the Length of said Road 5 and we have caused E, Fa competent Person, {killed in such Work, to measure and estimate the fame; and his said Estimate and Specification are, in our Opinion, fair and reasonable.

[Here annex the Estimate and Specification required by this Act.]

Schedule (F.)

FOR FILLING GRIPS.

I A.B. of in the County of and C.D. of

A in the County of do certify. That we have viewed and examined a Grip adjoining

the Road leading from to in the said County, in the Townland

or Townknds of in the Barony of in the said County, which

Grip is dangerous to Travellers; and that we have caused an Estimate of the Expence of filling such Grip to be made by E. F. a competent Person, {killed in such Work; and the said Estimate and Specification are, in our Opinion, fair and reasonable.

ESTIMATE AND SPECIFICATION.

[shall set forth the Length and average Breadth and Depth of such Grips.]

58 Geo. III. 3 X Schedule

52 I

522

C. 67, 68.

58° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1818.

Irish Aa, 9 Anne.

Schedule (G.)

FOR REPAIRS OF ROADS.

TlfE A.B. of in the County of and C. 2). of

V*in the County of do certify, That we have viewed and measured

Perches of the Road from to between

and all of which are in bad Repair, and all in the Townland of

or, that of the said Perches are in the Townland of

and of the said Perches are in the Townland of in the Barony of'

in said County; and that it will require the Sum of to repair the said Perches with Gravel or Small Stones, so as to leave the said

Perches safe and level throughout, of the Width of Feet, for Carriages to pass and repass

upon, and that the remaining Breadth of said Road between the Fences level and free from Nuisances, being at the Rate of by the Perch 5 and that we have caused the annexed Estimate and

Specification to be made by E. F. a competent Person, skilled in such Work; and that the said Estimate and Specification appear to us to be fair and reasonable.

[The said Map shall contain a Description of all Boundaries and Denominations of all such Townlands as any Road shall traverse, and all Houses (landing or being within Two Perches of such Road, and the Names of the occupying Tenants thereof respectively, the extreme Points where it is proposed such Repairs shall commence and terminate, all Roads branching therefrom, all Streams of Water crofiing such Road, and all Bridges thereon 5 and the said Estimate shall specify the Number of Perches to be repaired, the Number of Loads (at the Rate of Seven Hundred Weight each) of Gravel or Small Stones to be employed per Perch* the Expence of Materials and Drawing thereof, the Place from whence it is proposed to araw the said Materials, Labourer s' Wages, Rate per Day, &c.]

Schedule (H.)

FOR FENCES.

I A.B. of in said County, and C.D. of in said County*

do certify, That we have lately viewed and examined Perches of the Road from

to between and

and all said Perches are in the Townland of or, of said Perches all

in the Townland of and in the Townland of

[as the case may be], all in the Barony of in said County; and that in our Opinion it ia

necessary to make new Fences thereon, according to the annexed Estimate and Specification, which we have caused to be made by E. F. a competent Person, skilled in such Work-; and we are of Opinion that said Estimate and Specification are fair and reasonable.

ESTIMATE AND SPECIFICATION.

[State of Ditches, the Breadth of the fame and the Surface of the Ground, the Breadth of fame at the Bottom, perpendicular Height from the Bottom to the Surface of the Ground, and the Price to be paid by Perch; the Wages of Labourers per Day, if to be employed; if Walls, the Thickness at Bottom, fame at Top, intended Height, Number of Perches, Price per Perch of all Materials separately given, the Places from whence each Species of Material is proposed to be drawn, the Wages of Masons and Labourers per Day, if tb be employed.]

CAP. LXVm.

An Act to repeal so much of an Act passed in Ireland in the Ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled An Act for taking away the Benefit of Clergy in certain cases; and for taking away the Book in all cases; and for repealing Part of the Statute for transporting Felons; as takes away the Benefit of Clergy from Persons dealing privily from the Person of another; and more effectually to prevent the Crime of Larceny from the Person.

[3d June 1818.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in Ireland in the Ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled An Act for taking away the Benefit of Clergy in certain cases; and for taking away the Book in all

cases; and for repealing Part of the Statute for transporting Felons; it is amongst other things enacted,

' that if any Person should, after the last Day of September in the Year One thousand seven hundred and ten, deal or feloniously take away any Goods, of the Value of Five Shillings or more, privily and secretly from the Person of any Man or Woman, and being indicted or appealed thereof, should be thereupon found*Guilty by Verdict of Twelve Men, or should confess the fame upon his, her or their Arraignment, or*should not answer directly to the fame according to the Laws, or should wilfully or of malice (band mute, .*or should peremptorily challenge above the Number of Twenty Jurors, or should be outlawed upon such*Indictment; and also all Persons who should be accessory, before or after, to the said Fads, should receive*Judgment, and suffer the Pains of Death, without any Alkrwance or Benefit of the Clergy, or of the said

Ad: And Whereas the said Act has not been found effectual for the Prevention of the Crimes therein

13 4 mentioned,

523

A.D. 1818. 58° GEORGII III. C. 68, 69.

mentioned, and it is therefore expedient that so much of the said Act as ia hereinbefore recited should be repealed: And Whereas it might tend more effectually to prevent the Crime of Larceny from the Person if every such Offence, not being Robbery, was rendered punishable more severely than Simple Larceny Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, ana Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of Part of recited the fame, That so much of the said Act as is hereinbefore recited, shall, from and after the passing of this Act repealed. Act, be and the fame is hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act every Person who shall at any Privately steal-time or in any Place whatever in Ireland, feloniously Heal, take and carry away any Money, Goods or Chat- inS fronl the tels from the Person of any other, whether privily, without his Knowledge or not, but without such Force ^0°^n

or putting in Fear as is sufficient to constitute the Crime of Robbery, or who shall be present, aiding and pUDished with abetting therein, shall be liable to be transported beyond the Seas for Life, or for such Term, not less than Transportation Seven Years, as the Judge or Court before whom any such Person shall be convicted shall adjudge; or shall or Imprison-be liable, in case the said Judge or Court shall think fit, to be imprisoned only, or to be imprisoned and kept racnL to hard Labour in the Common Gaol, House of Correction or Penitentiary House, for any Term not exceeding Three Years.

CAP. LXIX.

An Act for the Regulation of Parish Vestries.

[3d June 1818.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to regulate the manner of holding Parish Vestries, and the Right of voting therein May it please Your Majesty that it may be enacted $ and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, no Vestry or Meeting of the Inhabitants in Vestry of or for any Parish shall be holden until public Notice shall have been given of such Vestry, and of the Place and Hour of holding the fame, and the special Purpose thereof, Three Days at the least before the Day to be appointed for holding such Vestry, by the Publication of such Notice in the Parish Church or Chapel on some Sunday during or immediately after Divine Service, and by affixing the fame, fairly written or printed, on the principal Door of such Church or Chapel.

II. And for the more orderly Conduct of Vestries, be it further enacted, That in case the Rector or Vicar or perpetual Curate shall not be present, the Persons so assembled in pursuance of such Notice shall forthwith nominate and appoint by Plurality of Votes, to be ascertained as herein after is directed, One of the Inhabitants of such Parish to be the Chairman of and preside in every such Vestry; and in all cases of Equality of Votes upon any Question arising therein, the Chairman shall (in addition to such Vote or Votes as he may by virtue of this Act be entitled to give in right of his Assessment) have the calling Vote 5 and Minutes of the Proceedings and Resolutions of every Vestry shall be fairly and distinctly entered in a Book (to be provided for that Purpose by the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor), and shall be signed by the Chairman, and by such other of the Inhabitants present as shall think proper to sign the same.

III. And be it further enacted, That in all such Vestries every Inhabitant present, who shall, by the last Rate which shall have been made for the Relief of the Poor, have been assessed and charged upon or in respect of any annual Rent, Profit or Value not amounting to Fifty Pounds, shall have and be entitled to give One Vote and no more 5 and every Inhabitant there present, who shall in such last Rate have been assessed or charged upon or in respect of any annual Rent or Rents, Profit or Value, amounting to Fifty Pounds or upwards (whether in one or in more than one Sum or Charge), shall have and be entitled to give One Vote for every Twenty five Pounds of annual Rent, Profit and Value upon or in respect of which he shall have been affeifed or charged in such last Rate, so nevertheless that no Inhabitant shall be entitled to give more than Six Votes 5 and in cases where Two or more of the Inhabitants present shall be jointly rated, each of them shall be entitled to vote according to the Proportion and Amount which shall be borne by him of the joint Charge; and where One only of the Persons jointly rated shall attend, he shall be entitled to vote according to and in respect of the whole of the joint Charge.

IV. Provided, and be it further enacted, That when any Person shall have become an Inhabitant of any Parish, or become liable to be rated therein, since the making of the last Rate for the Relief of the Poor thereof, he shall be entitled to vote for and in respect of the Lands, Tenements, and Property for which he shall have become liable to be rated, and shall consent to be rated in like manner as if he should have been actually rated for the same.

V. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted, That no Person who shall have refused or neglected to pay any Rate for the Relief of the Poor, which shall be due from and shall have been demanded of him, and shall be entitled to vote or to be present in any Vestry of the Parish for which such Rate shall have been made, until he shall have paid the same.

VI. And be it further enacted, That as well the Books hereby directed to be provided and kept for the Entry of the Proceedings of Vestries, as all former Vestry Books, and all Rates and Assessments, Accounts and Vouchers of the Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and Surveyors of the Highways, and other Parish Officers, and all Certificates, Orders of Courts and of Justices, and other Parish Books, Documents, Writings and public Papers of every Parish, except the Registry of Marriages, Baptisms and Burials, shall be kept by such Person and Persons, and deposited in such Place and manner, as the Inhabitants in Vestry assembled shall direct; and if any Person in whose Hands or Custody any such Book, Rate, Assessment, Account,

3X2 Voucher,

Three Days' Notice to be given of Vestries;

by Publication in Church, and affixing on Church Door.

Chairman of Vestries appointed;

to have calling Vote.

Minutes to be entered and signed.

Manner of voting in Vestries.

Inhabitants coming into a Parish since the last Rate may vote.

Inhabitants refilling Payment of Poor's Rate excluded from Vestries.

Parish Books and Papers preserved.

Retaining or injuring Parish Books, &c.

524

[Penalty.]

And subject to other Proceedings.

Provisions in relation to Parishes extended to Town {hips, fcc.

Manner of giving Notices of Vestries and Meetings in special cases.

Time for holding Vestries specially directed not altered.

Proviso for special Vestries;

and for London

and Southwark.

Act to extend only to England and Wales.

[Public Act.]

4 W.& M. c. 8. §2.

§4-

6 & 7 W. 3. c. 17.

§9-

C. 69, 70. 58° GEORGII III. A.D. 1818.

Voucher, Certificate, Order, Document, Writing or Paper shall be, shall wilfully or negligently destroy, obliterate or injure the fame, or suffer the same to be destroyed, obliterated or injured, or shall, after reasonable Notice and Demand, refuse or neglect to deliver the same to such Person or Persons, or to deposit the fame in such Place as shall by the Order of any such Vestry be directed, every Person so offending, and being lawfully convicted thereof on his own Confession, or on the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, by and before Two of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, upon Complaint thereof to them made, shall for every such Offence forfeit ana pay such Sum, not exceeding Fifty Pounds, nor less than Forty Shillings, as shall by such Justices be adjudged and determined 5 and the same shall be recovered and levied by Warrant of such Justices in such manner and by such Ways and Means as Poor's Rates in Arrear are by Law to be recovered and levied, and shall be paid to the Overseers of the Poor of the Parish against which the Offence shall be committed, or to some of them, and be applied for and towards the Relief of the Poor thereof; Provided nevertheless, that every Person who shall unlawfully retain in his Custody, or shall refuse to deliver to any Person or Persons authorized to receive the same, or who shall obliterate, destroy or injure, or suffer to be obliterated, destroyed or injured, any Book, Rate, Assessment, Account, Voucher, Certificate, Order, Document, Writing or Paper belonging to any Parish, or to the Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, or Surveyors of the Highways thereof, may in every such case be proceeded against in any of His Majesty's Courts, civilly or criminally, in like manner as if this Act had not been made.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Provisions, Authorities and Directions in this Act contained in relation to Parishes, shall extend, and he construed to extend, to all Townships, Villa and Places having separate Overseers of the Poor and maintaining their Poor separately, and that all the Directions and Regulations herein contained in regard to Vestries shall extend and be applied to all Meetings which may by Law be holden of the Inhabitants of any Parish, Township, Vill or Place, for any of the Purposes in this Act expressed; and that the Notices by this Act required to be given of every Vestry may, in Places in which there is or shall be no Parish Church or Chapel, or where there shall not be Divine Service in such Church or Chapel, be given and published in such manner as Notices of the like Nature shall have been there usually given and published, or as shall be most effectual for communicating the same to the Inhabitants of every such Parish, Township, Vill or Place respectively.

VIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to alter the tinpe of holding any Vestry, Parish or Town Meeting which is by the Authority of any Act required to be holden on any certain Day, or within any certain time in such Act prescribed and directed; nor shall any thing in this Act contained extend to take away, lessen, prejudice or affect the Powers of any Vestry or Meeting holden in any Parish, Township or Place, by virtue of any special Act or Acts, of any ancient and special Usage or Custom, or to change or affect the Right or manner of voting in any Vestry or Meeting so holden.

IX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to any Parish within the City of London.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to any Parish in the Borough of Southwark.

XI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall extend only to that Part of the United Kingdom called England and Wales; and that the same shall be a Public Act, and be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. LXX.

An Act: for repealing such Parts of several Acts as allow pecuniary and other Rewards on the Conviction of Persons for Highway Robbery, and other Crimes and Offences; and for facilitating

the Means of prosecuting Persons accused of Felony and other Offences.

[3d June 1818.]

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament made and passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, intituled An Act for encouraging the apprehending of Highwaymen, it is enacted, that from and after the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand six hundred and ninety three, all and every Person and Persons who shall apprehend and take one or more Thieves or Robbers, and prosecute him or them so apprehended and taken, until he or they be convicted of any Robbery committed in or upon any Highway. Passage, Field or open Place, shall have and receive from the Sheriff or Sheriffs of the County where such Robbery and Conviction shall he made and done, without paying any Fee for the fame, for every such Offender so convicted, the Sum of Forty Pounds within One Month after such Conviction and Demand thereof made, on tendering to such Sheriff or Sheriffs a Certificate of such Conviction, and that such Felon or Felons was or were taken by the Person or Persons claiming such Reward;

such Certificate to be signed in manner thereby directed 5 and which said Rewards on such Convictions as aforesaid are by the said Act directed to be allowed to the respective Sheriffs paying the fame, or to their Executors or Administrators, in accounting with their said late Majesties, their Heirs and Successors: And Whereas by an Act of Parliament made and passed in the Sixth and Seventh Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King William the Third, intituled An Act to prevent counterfeiting and clipping the Coin of this Kingdom9 it is enacted, that from and after the First Day of May One thousand six hundred and ninety live, all and every Person and Persons who shall apprehend and take any Person or Persons who shall have counterfeited any of the Current Coin of this Realm, or that for Lucre or Gain shall have clipped, washed, filed or anyways duninished the fame, or shall bring or cause to be brought into this Kingdom, the Dominion of Wales, or

15 4 Town

A.D. 1818. 58° GEORGII III. C. 70. 5*5

Town of Berwick upon Tweed, any dipt, false or counterfeit Coin, and prosecute such Person or Persons until he, she or they be convicted of any such Offence, shall have and receive from the Sheriff or Sheriffs of the County where such Conviction shall be made, for every such Offender so convicted, the Sum of Forty Pounds, without paying any Fee for the fame, within One Month after such Conviction and Demand thereof made, on tendering to such Sheriff or Sheriffs a Certificate of such Conviction, and that such Traitor or Traitors was or were taken and prosecuted by the Person or Persons claiming such Reward, such Certificate

4 to be signed in manner thereby directed; and which Rewards on such last mentioned Convictions are by the § ia

said last mentioned Act directed to be allowed to the respective Sheriffs paying the fame, their Executors or Administrators, in accounting with His said late Majesty King William the Third: And Whereas by an Act of Parliament made and passed in the Tenth and Eleventh Years of the Reign of His said late Ma- 10 & 11 jesty King William the Third, intituled An Act for the better apprehending, profeeuling and puntshing of c* a*'

Felons that commit Burglary, Housebreaking, or robbing in Shops, Warehouses, Coach-houses or Stables, or that*

steal Horsety it is enacted, that from and after the Twentieth Day of May One thousand six hundred and ninety nine, all and every Person and Persons who shall apprehend and take any Person guilty of any of the Felonies thereinbefore mentioned, and prosecute him, her or them so apprehended and taken, until he, she or they be convicted of any of the Felonies thereinbefore mentioned, such Apprehenders and Takers, for his, her or their Reward, upon every such Conviction, without any Fee or Reward to be paid for the same,

shall have forthwith after every such Conviction a Certificate, to be signed in manner therein mentioned, certifying such Conviction, and also within what Parish or Place the Felony was committed, whereof any such Person or Persons was or were convicted as aforesaid, and also that such Felon or Felons was or were discovered and taken, or discovered or taken by the Person or Persons so discovering or apprehending any the said Felon or Felons, and which Certificate shall or may be once assigned over and no more, and the original Proprietor of such Certificate, or the Assignee of the fame, whomsoever of them shall have the Interest

therein, by virtue thereof, and of the said last mentioned Act, shall and may be discharged of and from

all and all manner of Parish and Ward Offices within the Parish or Ward wherein the Felony or Felonies shall be committed, and such Party or Assignee is thereby declared to be discharged therefrom; which said Certificate is directed to be enrolled in the manner therein mentioned: And WTiereas by an Act of

Parliament made and passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of Her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled 5-Ann. c. 31.

4. An Act for the encouraging the Discovery and apprehending of Housebreakersy it is enacted, that from and after the Tenth Day of May One thousand seven hundred and seven, all and every Person and Persons who shall apprehend and take any Person or Persons guilty of Burglary, or the felonious breaking and entering of any House in the Day time, and prosecute him, her or them so apprehended and taken, until he, she or they be convicted of such Burglary or Felony, shall have and receive, over and above the Rewards given by the said recited Act of the Tenth and Eleventh Years of King William and Queen Mary, the Sum of Forty Pounds within One Month after such Conviction, to be paid by the Sheriff or Sheriffs of the County where such Felony or Burglary shall be made and done, without any Fee for the fame, to the Person or Persons so taking, apprehending and prosecuting the said Offenders, he and they tendering to such Sheriff or Sheriffs a Certificate of such Conviction, and in what Parish the fame was committed, and that such Felon or Felons was or were taken by the Person or Persons claiming such Reward; such Certificate to be signed in manner thereby directed 5 and which said Rewards on such Convictions as aforesaid are by the said last recited Act directed to be allowed to the respective Sheriffs paying the fame, their Executors or Administrators, in their Accounts: And Whereas by an Act of Parliament made and passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled 14 G. 2. c. d.

4 An A8to render the Laws more effectual for preventing the Jlealing and defraying of Sheep and other Cattle,

4 it is enacted, that from and after the First Day of May One thousand seven hundred and forty one, all $ a#

and every Person and Persons who shall apprehend and prosecute to Conviction any Offender or Offenders guilty of any of the Offences thereinbefore mentioned, shall have and receive as a Reward, upon every such Conviction, the Sum of Ten Pounds, to be paid, within One Month after such respective Conviction, by the Sheriff or Sheriffs of the County where such Offence or Offences shall be committed and done, without any Deduction, to the Person or Persons so apprehending and prosecuting such Offender or Offenders, be or they tendering to such Sheriff or Sheriffs a Certificate of such Conviction, and where the Offence was committed, and that such Offender or Offenders was or were apprehended and prosecuted by the Person or Persons claiming such Reward; such Certificate to be signed in manner thereby directed; and which said Rewards on such last mentioned Con vi&ions are by the said last mentioned Act directed to be allowed to the respective Sheriffs paying the fame, their Executors or Administrators, in their respective Accounts: And Whereas by an Act of Parliament made and passed in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His said late 15 0.2*0.28.

Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for the more effectual preventing the counterfeiting of the current Coin of this Kingdom, and the uttering or paying of Mfe or counterfeit Coin, it is enacted, that §7*

whosoever shall, after the Twenty ninth Day of September One thousand seven hundred and forty two,

apprehend any Person or Persons who shall have committed any of the Offences thereby made High Treason or Felony, or who shall have made or counterfeited any of the Copper Money therein mentioned,

and shall prosecute such Offenders until he, she or they shall be thereof convicted, such Prosecutor and Prosecutors shall have and receive from the Sheriff or Sheriffs of the County or City where such Conviction shall be made, for every such Offender so convicted of any of the Treasons or Felonies aforesaid, the Sum of Forty Pounds; and for every Person so convicted of counterfeiting any of the said Copper Money, the Sum of Ten Pounds, without paying any Fee for the fame, within One Month after such Conviction and Demand thereof made, by tendering a Certificate to the said Sheriff or Sheriffs, certifying such Conviction,

and that the Offender or Offenders were apprehended and prosecuted by the Persons claiming the said

Reward;

e

526

4 W. & M. c. 8.

2.

6 .v 7 W. 3. c i7- §9-

5 Ann. c. 31.

§1.

14 G. 2. c. 6.

§ 2.

15 G.a. c.a8.

5 7.

repealed. Certificates granted under 10 & 11 W. 3. c. 23. not to be transferable. How far to exempt from Offices.

Proviso for Executors of Persons killed by Robbers, &c.

C. 70. 58° GEORGII III. A.D. 1818.

Reward; such Certificate to be signed in manner thereby directed; and which said Rewards on such last mentioned Convictions are by the said last mentioned Act directed to be allowed to any such Sheriff or Sheriffs upon his or their accounting with His said late Majesty King George the Second: And Whereas it has been found by Experience that the Encouragement given by the said several recited Acts of Parliament, by way of pecuniary and other Rewards, for the Apprehension and Prosecution to Conviction of Persons

guilty of the several Crimes and Offences therein mentioned or referred to, has not produced the wholesome ' Effects of diminishing the Crimes and Offences thereby intended to be prevented or checked; and it has also

been found by Experience that the Hope or Expectation of obtaining such Rewards, or some or one of 1 them, or some other pecuniary Reward or Compensation, has instigated evil disposed Persons to conspire to entrap the unwary and ignorant into the Commission of Offences, for which they have afterwards been appre-

hended and prosecuted to Conviction by such Conspirators, whereby Encouragement has not only been given to the Commission of such Crimes and Offences, but the Laws of God and Man have been violently

transgressed* Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the said recited Act of the Fourth Year of the Reign of their said late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, as authorizes and directs the Receipt and Payment of the Sum of Forty Pounds by way of Reward by and to every Person and Persons who shall apprehend and take and prosecute to Conviction One or more Thieves or Robbers, for any Robbery committed in or upon any Highway, Passage, Field or open Place, and for the Allowance of the Payment of such Reward of Forty Pounds to the Sheriff or Sheriffs paying the fame, or their Executors or Administrators, in the Accounts of such Sheriff or Sheriffs 5 and also, that so much of the said recited Act of the Sixth and Seventh Years of the Reign of His said late Majesty King William the Third, as authorizes and directs the Receipt and Payment of the Sum of Forty Pounds by way of Reward by and to all and every Person and Persons who shall apprehend and take any Person or Persons who shall have counterfeited any of the current Coin of this Realm, or that for Lucre or Gain shall have clipped, washed, filed or anyways diminished the fame, or shall bring or causeto be brought into this Kingdom, the Dominion of Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, any dipt, false or counterfeit Coin, and prosecute such Person or Persons until he, she or they be convicted of any such last mentioned Offence or Offences, and also as directs the Allowance of the Payment of such last mentioned Reward of Forty Pounds to the Sheriff or Sheriffs paying the fame, or to their Executors or Administrators^ in the Accounts of such Sheriff or Sheriffs; and also that so much of the said recited Act of the Fifth Year of the Reign of Her said late Majesty Queen Anne, as authorizes and directs the Receipt and Payment of the Sum of Forty Pounds by way of Reward by and to all and every Person and Persons who shall apprehend and take any Person or Persons guilty of Burglary, or the felonious breaking and entering of any House in the Day time, and prosecute him, her or them so apprehended and taken, until he, she or they be convicted of such Burglary or Felony, and also as directs the Allowance of the Payment of such last mentioned Reward of Forty Pounds, to the Sheriff or Sheriffs paying the fame, or to their Executors or Administrators, in the Accounts of such Sheriff or Sheriffs 5 and also that so much of the said recited Act of the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Second, as authorizes and directs the Receipt and Payment of the Sum of Ten Pounds by way of Reward by and to all and every Person and Persons who shall apprehend and prosecute to Conviction any Offender or Offenders who shall feloniously drive away, or in any other manner feloniously steal, one or more Sheep of any other Person or Persons whatsoever, with a felonious Intent to steal the whole Carcase or Carcases, or any Part or Parts of the Carcase or Carcases of any One or more Sheep or other Cattle that shall be so killed, or shall assist or aid any Person or Persons to commit any such Offence or Offences; and also as directs the Allowance of the Payment of such last mentioned Reward of Ten Pounds to the Sheriff or Sheriffs paying the fame, or to their Executors or Administrators, in the Accounts of such Sheriff or Sheriffs; and also that so much of the said recited Act of the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Second, as authorizes and directs the Receipt and Payment of the Sum of Forty Pounds by way of Reward by and to whoever shall apprehend any Person or Persons who shall have committed any of the Offences by the same Act made High Treason or Felony, and the Receipt and Payment of the Sum of Ten Pounds by way of Reward by and to whoever shall in like manner apprehend any Person or Persons who shall have made or counterfeited any of the Copper Mone7 therein mentioned, and shall prosecute such several and respective Offenders until he, she or they shall be thereof respectively convicted 3 and also as directs the Allowance of the Payment of such last mentioned Rewards of Forty Pounds and Ten Pounds to the Sheriff or Sheriffs paying the fame, upon his or their accounting with His Majesty; shall be and the fame is and are hereby severally and respectively repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, no Certificate which shall be granted, pursuant to the said recited Act of the Tenth and Eleventh Years of the Reign of King William the Third, to any Person or Persons who shall apprehend and take and prosecute to Conviction any Person guilty of any of the Felonies therein before mentioned, to discharge such Person or Persons so apprehending and prosecuting from Parish and Ward Offices, shall be assignable or transferable by the Person or Persons to whom such Certificate shall be originally granted, to any rerson or Persons whomsoever, nor shall any such Certificate or Certificates exempt or discharge from Parish or Ward Offices any other Person or Persons whomsoever than the Person or Persons to whom the fame was originally granted; the said recited Act of the Tenth and Eleventh Years of the Reign of King William the Third, or any other Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

I IT. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to take away from or deprive the Executors or Administrators of any Person or Persons who shall happen to be killed by any Robber or Robbers endeavouring to apprehend or in making Pursuit after him or

them,

A.D. 1813. 58° GEORGII III. C. 70.

them, of any Reward or Rewards to which the Executors or Administrators of any Person or Persons so happening to be killed would be entitled by the said recited Act of the Fourth Year of the Reign of their said late Majesties King William and Queen Mary; nor to deprive any Person or Persons of the Horse, Furniture and Arms, Money or other Goods of any Robber or Robbers, and which by the fame Statute are directed to become the Property of any Person or Persons who shall take, apprehend, prosecute or convict any such Robber or Robbers as therein mentioned; nor shall any thing herein contained extend or be construed to extend to deprive the Executors or Administrators of any Watchman or any other Person or Persons who shall happen to be killed by any Burglar or Housebreaker endeavouring to apprehend or in making Pursuit after him or them, of any Reward or Rewards to which such Executors or Administrators would be entitled by virtue of the said recited Act of the Fifth Year of the Reign of Her said late Majesty Queen Anne.

IV. And Whereas many Persons are deterred from prosecuting Persons guilty of Felony upon account of the Expence and Loss of time attending such Prosecutions, whereby the Ends of Justice are frequently

defeated; Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this Act it shall and may be lawful for the Court before whom any Person shall be prosecuted or tried for any Grand or Petit Larceny or other Felony, and every such Court is hereby authorized and empowered, at the Request of the Prosecutor or any other Person or Persons who shall become bound in any Recognizance to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, to prosecute or give Evidence, or who shall be fubpcened to give Evidence against any Person or Persons accused of any Grand or Petit Larceny or other Felony, and who shall appear to prosecute and give Evidence, or who shall appear to the said Court to have been active in the Apprehen-fion of any Person or Persons accused of any of the Offences in the said hereinbefore recited Acts mentioned, or any of them, to order the Sheriff or Treasurer of the County in which the Offence shall have been committed to pay unto such Prosecutor "and Witnesses, and Person or Persons concerned in such Apprehension as aforesaid, respectively, as herein after mentioned, as well the Costs, Charges and Expences which such Prosecutor shall be put to in preferring the Indictment or indidments against the Person or Persons so accused, as also such Sum and Sums of Money as to the said Court shall seem reasonable and sufficient to reimburse , such Prosecutor and Witnesses, and Person or Persons concerned in such Apprehension as aforesaid, for the

Expences they shall have been put severally to in attending before the Grand Jury to prefer such Indictment or indidments, and in otherwise carrying on such Prosecution, and also compensate such Prosecutor and Witnesses, and Person or Persons concerned in such Apprehenfton as aforesaid, respectively, for their Loss of time and Trouble in such Apprehenfton and Prosecution as aforesaid.

V. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Judge, Justices or Court shall make any Order and Direction for the Payment of any such Sum or Sums of Money to any Person or Persons concerned in the Apprehenfton and taking of any Person or Persons accused of any of the Offences in the said hereinbefore recited Acts mentioned, or any of them, the same shall be paid by the Sheriff of the County in which the Offence shall have been committed 5 and in the like manner, upon the like Certificate, and at the same Period of time as the Rewards are directed to be paid by the said recited Acts of Fourth William and Mary, Sixth William the Third, Fifth Anne, the Third and Fourteenth and Fifteenth George the Second; and that every such Certificate shall be made out by the Clerk of Assize or Clerk of the Peace respectively, and be forthwith delivered to the Person or Persons entitled to the fame, upon Payment of the Sum of Five Shillings for each such Certificate; and that the Sheriff of the County upon Payment of the Sum of Money specified in such Certificate, shall be reimbursed the said Sum of Money in like manner as is directed by the said several and respective Acts hereinbefore recited.

VI. And be it further enacted, That every such Order for the Costs and Charges assigned by this Act to Prosecutors and Witnesses shall be made out by the Clerk of Assize or Clerk of the Peace respectively 5 which Order the Clerk of Assize or Clerk of the Peace is hereby directed and required forthwith to make out and deliver unto such Prosecutor, upon being paid for the same the Sum of One Shilling and no more; and the Treasurer of the said County, Riding or Division is hereby authorized and required, upon Sight of such Order, forthwith to pay to such Prosecutor, or other Person authorized to receive the same, such Money as aforesaid, and shall be allowed the fame in his Account.

VII. Whereas by an Act of Parliament made and passed in the Twenty fifth Year of the Reign of His 1 late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for preventing Thefts and Robberies, and for regu-

luting Places of Public Entertainment, and punishing persons keeping disorderly Uoufes, it is amongst other things enacted, that if any Two Inhabitants of any Parish or Place, paying Scotland bearing Lot therein, do give Notice in Writing to any Constable, or other Peace Officer of the like Nature where there is no Constable of such Parish or Place, of any Person keeping a Bawdy House, Gaming House or any other«disorderly House in such Parish or Place, the Constable or such Officer as aforesaid so receiving such Notice shall forthwith go with such Inhabitants to One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace of the County, City, c Riding, Division or Liberty in which such Parish or Place does lie, and shall, upon such Inhabitants making

Oath before such Justice that they do believe the Contents of such Notice to be true, and entering into a

Recognizance in the penal Sum of Twenty Pounds each to give or produce material Evidence against such Person for such Offence, enter into a Recognizance in the penal Sum of Thirty Pounds to prosecute with1

Effect such Person for such Offence at the next General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace, or at the next Affixes to be holden for the County in which such Parish or Place does lie, as to the said Justice shall seem

meet: And Whereas it is expedient, that when any Two Inhabitants of any Parish or Place, paying Scotland bearing Lot therein, shall give Notice in Writing to any Constable of such Parish or Place of any Person keeping a Bawdy House, Gaming House or any other disorderly House, in such Parish or Place,

- that

527

in respect of Reward, fee.

Court empowered to order Payment of Expences of Prosecutor and Witnesse*.

To be paid by Sheriff of County as by

4 W. & M. c. 8. §

6 W. 3. c. 17.

9-

5 Ann. c. 31.

14 G. a. c. 6.

15 G. 2. c. 28.

§ 7.

The Order for Costs to be made by Clerk of Assize, and to be paid by Treasurer of County.

Fee.

2$ G. 2. c. 36.

§ 5*

5*8

Copy of Notice Co be, given also to Overseers of Poor; who are to prosecute.

To whom Oofts shall be paid.

In Places which do not contribute to County Rate, and have no public Stock, a separate Rate levied for Purposes of Act.

Where Sums are too small to be raised by a separate Rate, such Sums shall be paid out of Poor's Rate.

Proviso where more Parishes than one io Came District.

Annuities in the Public Funds may be given for Prizes in lieu of Money.

Persons so licensed to have Numerical Books stamped on every Leaf.

C. 70, 71. 58° GEORGII III. A.D. 1818.

c that the Overseers of the Poor of such Parish or Place shall have Notice thereof Therefore be it enacted, and it is hereby enacted, That a Copy of the Notice which shall be given to such Constable shall also be served on or left at the Places of Abode of the Overseers of the Poor of such Parish or Place, or one of them, and such Overseers or Overseer of the Poor shall be summoned or have reasonable Notice to attend before such Justice of the Peace before whom such Constable shall have Notice to attend; and if such Overseers or Overseer of the Poor shall then and there enter into such Recognizance to prosecute such Offender as the Constable is in and by the said Act required to enter into, then it shall not be necessary for, nor shall such Constable be required to enter into such Recognizance; but if such Overseers or Overseer of the Poor shall neglect to attend such Justice on having such Notice, or shall attend, and shall decline or refuse to enter into such Recognizance to prosecute, then such Constable shall enter into the fame, and shall prosecute, and shall be entitled to his Expences, to be allowed as in and by the said Act is directed.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons shall be entitled to any such Costs or Expences for attending the Court, unless he or they shall have been bound by Recognizance, or have previously received a Subpoena to attend the fame, or a written Notice for that Purpose from the Prosecutor, his Agent or his Attorney.

IX. And Whereas there are several Cities, Towns Corporate and Places which do not contribute to the

Payment of any County Rate, and have no Town Rate or Public Stock; and Doubts may arise whether such Cities, Towns Corporate and Places can be legally rated and assessed towards the Payments by this Act directed to be made* Be it therefore enacted, That in all such cases the said Costs, Charges, Expences, Sum and Sums of Money and Compensations shall be raised, levied, collected and paid within such Cities, Towns Corporate and Places, by a separate Rate and Assessment to be made by the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the several Parishes and Precincts within such Cities, Towns Corporate and Places, and by such and the like Ways, Methods and Means, as the Rates for the Relief of the Poor are, can or maybe raised, levied and collected in such Cities, Towns Corporate and Places.

X. And Whereas it may happen that the Sums of Money to be raised in the said Cities, Towns Corporate and Places, or some or one of them, for the Payments by this Act directed to be made, may be so small that it may not be convenient to make an equal separate Rate and Assessment for the fame upon the said Parishes and Precincts within such Cities, Towns Corporate and Places; Be it enacted, That in such last mentioned case, and when and so often as the same shall happen, the said Costs, Charges, Expences, Sum and Sums of Money and Compensations, shall and may, by Order of the said Court before whom any such Person may be tried as aforesaid, be paid out of the Monies from time to time raised for the Relief of the Poor in the said several Cities, Towns Corporate and Places, and the Treasurers, or Persons from time to time having the Management of the said Monies raised for the Relief of the Poor in the fame Cities, Towns Corporate and Places respectively, are hereby authorized and required to pay the said Sums of Money so ordered to be paid as aforesaid, out of the said last mentioned Monies, when and as often as the same shall be so ordered: Provided always, that should there be more Parishes than one in the fame District, the Payments are to be made and levied in such Rates and Proportions as the respective Parishes pay to the Poor Rate.

CAP. LXXI.

An Act for granting to His Majesty a Sum of Money to be raised by Lotteries.

[3d June 1818.]

[This Act is the same as 57 G. 3. c. 31. except as to Dates and as to the Sessions that are here retained.]

IV. And Whereas it may be expedient for the Public Service that Annuities in some of the Public Funds may be given as Prizes in the Place of Money, Be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioner6 of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them, to authorize and empower the Commissioners for the Redemption of the National Debt to appropriate such a Sum, in Annuities, in any of the Public Funds, (landing in their Names in the Books of the Bank of England, as will be equal to the Whole or such Part of the Ten Pounds per Ticket to be distributed in Prizes as hereinbefore mentioned, as the Contraftor or Contractors for any Lottery or Lotteries shall request to be given in Stock in the Place of Money, which Stock shall be estimated at the mean Price the fame Funds or Annuities shall have been sold at the Bank of England on the last Day of felling the fame previous to the time or times of making such Contract or Contracts, or of the Day of Approval by the said Commissioners of the Treasury of the Scheme df any Lottery, and shall be transferred to the Holders of the Tickets entitled thereto by the said last mentioned Commissioners, at such times and by Authority of such Certificates as are herein after mentioned and described 5 and the said Commissioners of the Treasury shall account for the Money retained in lieu of the Stock with the other Money raised for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, or shall order such a Sum of Money to be paid to the said Commissioners for Redemption of the National Debt, out of the Sums raised by Sale of Lottery Tickets, or out of any of the Aids or Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, as will be sufficient to buy the fame Amount in Stock as shall have been appropriated for the Prizes before mentioned, or shall cause an Amount of Annuities equal to the Annuities so appropriated to be purchased for or transferred to the said Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, within One Month after such Appropriation.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall be licensed by the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties to attend for the Purpose aforesaid, shall be entitled to have stamped by the said Commissioners, or their Officers, proper Numerical Books, containing the Numbers of the Tickets in the said respective Lotteries in Arithmetical Progression as aforesaid, every of which Books shall exceed in Length Twenty one Inches, and in Breadth Seventeen Inches, and shall be bound in (lift milled Boards, and (half be stamped and

marked

A.D. 1818.

ks° GEORGII in.

C. 71. 529

marked on every Leaf thereof by a proper Stamp or Mark, to be provided and used for that Purpose by the said Commissioners or their Officers; and the said Commissionera or any One of them shall have Power and Commissioners Authority to grant such Licences and ft amp such Books to and for such Persons who shall be duly licensed to to grant such share Tickets and issue Chances in the manner herein after mentioned, and who shall deposit and divide into Licence8 wty Shares in the manner herein after expressed One hundred and twenty Tickets or more in the said Lottery or JjcenfWLottery Lotteries respectively, or such Proportion of Tickets as is herein after mentioned, before the Drawing begins, offices, and to such other Persons acting for them respectively, as the said Managers and Directors shall approve; and Numerical that it shall be lawful for the Managers and Directors hereinbefore mentioned, or such of them as shall be Books may be present, to lock up and detain the said Numerical Books stamped as aforesaid, for any intermediate time between locked up. the Days of Drawing any Lottery, if the said Managers and Directors shall think fit, or they shall be required thereto by the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them; but subject nevertheless to such Regulations with regard thereto, as the said Commissioners of the Treasury or any Three or more of them shall approve; and if any Person present at the Drawing of any or either of the said Lotteries (not Unlicensed Per-being duly authorized or lyrenfed in manner aforesaidl shall, at such time and Place, take and set down in son* doVn Writing the Number or Numbers of any Ticket or Tickets, when and after the same shall be drawn, or any Nu^beraof* Figure or Mark to denote the fame, or shall make or begin to make any Register or List in Writing of the Tickets drawn, Numbers of any Tickets which shall have been drawn on the Day of making or beginning to make or of kc. carrying on such Register or Lift, or shall knowingly have in his or her Custody or Possession, or in his, her or their Ploufe, Shop, Office or Place, any printed or written Register or Lift of the Numbers of the Tickets in the said Lotteries, or of any Part thereof, whether drawn or undrawn, with any Marks, Figures, Letters or Numbers thereon, marking or denoting the Order or time of drawing any such Tickets drawn on the same Day, or the Benefits to which any such Tickets may be entitled by virtue of this Act, other than such complete Numerical Register or Lift in Books of the respective Dimensions before mentioned, and stamped in the manner aforesaid, or such Numerical or other Lift of each Day's drawing as shall be printed and published under the Authority of this Act by the said Managers and Directors; or if any Person or Persons whatever shall, unless with the special Permission in Writing of Three of such Managers and Directors as aforesaid, publish or cause to be published, during the Hours of Drawing the said Lotteries, any List, Register or Slip containing the Number or Numbers of any Ticket or Tickets drawn on the Day of publishing the fame, or any Marks, Letters or Figures to denote the fame, or shall publish or cause or procure to be published any List or Register of Tickets, wherein the Numbers of any Tickets, or any Marks, Letters or Figures, shall be placed to denote the time of Day or Order in which any Tickets shall be drawn, and with the Intent to denote the fame, or shall in any other manner publish the Number or Numbers of any such Ticket or Tickets, every such Person so offending, and being lawfully convicted thereof, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Penalty & Pounds; and that it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Mayor, or any of the Aldermen of the City of On Complaint London, or any Justice of the Peace or Magistrate, upon Complaint made upon Oath or solemn Affirmation*

of any Offence committed against this Act in any of the Particulars before mentioned, whereby such pecuniary ° juffiw^av Penalty as aforesaid may become forfeited, to issue his Warrant for apprehending such Offender $ and every such Register or Lift or Copy as aforesaid made contrary to the Directions of this Act shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Con ft able or other Officer of the Peace, or by any Person employed by the said Managers and Directors in the Execution of the several Acts for the Regulation of Lotteries, and upon Production thereof before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, such Justice or Justices shall and may, by his or their Order in Writing, direct the same to be detained, or otherwise, if he or they shall think fit, to be destroyed; and if any rerson or Persons shall be found or discovered in the actual Commission of any such Persons in the Offence, it shall and may be lawful for any Person whatever to apprehend on the Spot the Person or Persons such Clf"

so offending, and to convey or cause to be conveyed ^efore One of the Magistrates aforesaid the Person or fence may be Persons so apprehended, to be proceeded against in such manper as is herein directed; and when any Person dr prehended by Persons shall be apprehended, or brought before any of the Magistrates aforesaid for any such Offence, it any Person and shall and may be lawful for such Magistrate to proceed to examine into the Circumstances of the case, and carr*j before a upon due Proof upon Oath or solemn Affirmation of any such Offence committed against this Act, to give Judgment or Sentence accordingly; and where the Party accused shall be convicted of such Offence, and such offender if Penalties shall not be immediately paid, to commit such Offender to Prison for any Space not exceeding Penalty be not Fourteen Days, nor less than Five Days, without Bail or Mainprize, and without Appeal, or until such p»id.

Penalty shall be satisfied; and every such Penalty, when paid upon Conviction, shall be applied to the Use of Application of the Informer or Informers, or Person or Persons apprehending or bringing such Offender or Offenders before uc Perwlty* such Magistrate, and the Constable or Constables concerned in apprehending or securing such Offender or Offenders, in such Proportions as such Magistrate shall direct.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the Magistrate before whom any Offender shall be convicted as aforesaid, shall cause the said Conviction to be made out in the manner and Form following, or in any other the foljowiDg Form of Words to the like Effect, mutatis mutandis; (that is to say),

QE it remembered, That on at.A.B. of

was duly convicted before me of having committed an

Offence against the Form of an Act of Parliament made in the Fifty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for granting to His Majesty a Sum of Money to be raised by Lotteries; for which Offence I do 1 adjudge that the said A.B. hath forfeited the Sum of to be

distributed in manner following; (that is to (ay, ) [here set out the Proportions and the Names of the Persons to whom the Penalty shall be paid. J Given under my Hand and Seal the Day and Year first above written.'

graut Warrants for apprehending Offenders.

Form.

58 Geo. III.

3 v

Provided

53o C. 71, 72.

58° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1818l.

Penalty may be mitigated.

Con vision not removable.

Licence to be fUmped and continue in force till the Expiration of the Drawing of the Lotteries.

Persons convicted of Offences shall forfeit their Licence.

Lottery Infurera in whole Pre-mifet Papers, &c. relating to Insurance are found, &c. shall be punished as Rogues and Vagabonds.

Provided nevertheless, that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Magistrate, where he shall see cause, to mitigate and lessen any such Penalty as he shall think fit, (reasonable Costs and Charges of the Officers and Informers, as well in making the Discovery as in prosecuting the fame, being always allowed over and above such mitigated Penalty, ) and so as such Mitigation do not reduce the Penalty to less than a Moiety of the Penalty incurred over and above the said Costs and Charges, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding; and no such Conviction shall be removed by Certiorari into any Court whatever.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That every such Licence shall be upon Paper or Parchment, damped with a Stamp denoting the Payment of the Duty of Fifty Pounds hereby imposed, and shall set forth the true Name and Place of Abode of the Person or Persons taking out the fame, and also the particular House or Place where such Business shall be carried on; and such Licence shall continue in force until after the Expiration of the Drawing of the lad of the Lotteries to be drawn under the Authority of this Act, or until the said Licence shall be forfeited as herein after is mentioned and directed, and no longer; and every Person acting or dealing in any of the matters therein contained after the Expiration of such Licence shall be considered in every respect as an unlicensed Person.

XXXII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons to whom any such Licence or Licences as aforesaid shall be granted, shall be prosecuted and convicted of any Offence against this Act, whether on Prosecution of the Bond to be given in pursuance or this Act, or for any Penalty under this Act, or as a Rogue and Vagabond, or in case any Person or Persons so licensed shall, in the Opinion of the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties, misconduct himself or themselves, in any Act, matter or thing relating to the Business of or in any wise concerning the Lottery, and the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties shall, after hearing the Parties charged with such Misconduct, be of Opinion that he is or they are guilty thereof, then such Licence or Licences granted as aforesaid by virtue of this Act shall be absolutely void and of no Effect, and the said Commissioners may, if they shall think proper, refuse to grant to such rerson or Person9 a Licence under any future Act of Parliament which may be made and passed for granting to His Majesty or His Sliccessors'a Sum of Money to be raised by Lotteries.

XXXV. And Whereas many evil disposed Persons, to evade the Provisions of the Acts made to punidi

Persons guilty of insuring for or against the Drawing of Tickets, more particularly described in this Act, have

empowered and authorized and do empower and authorize Agents for them to take Money for such illegal

Contrafts, and have in their Cudody or Possession Account or Accounts, Statement or Statements, Memo-

randum or Memorandums in Writing of such illegal Contrafts entered into; 1 Be it therefore enacted, That upon Information upon Oath made before any Magistrate or Justice of the Peace, dating any Person to be a reputed Lottery Insurer, and in the Opinion of the Informer to be in Possession of Books, Papers or Memorandums of illegal Contrafts entered into relating to Lottery lnfurances, it shall be lawful for, and such Magistrate or Justice of the Peace is hereby required to issue his Warrant, directed to a Condable or Officer of Police, to empower him with proper Aflidance to search the Person of the said reputed Lottery Insurer, to enter the Dwelling Place and Premises of such reputed Lottery Insurer, and search for and Seize all such Papers, Accounts or Memorandums; and if any such be found either in or about the Dwelling Place or Premises, or upon such Lottery Insurer, or any other Person or Persons in the fame Dwelling Place, appearing to relate to Insurance in the Lottery or Little Go, or if any Memorandums of Insurance in the Lottery or Little Go should be found at the time of such Search, written in Chalk or otherwise upon or about the Dwelling Place or Premises, then to apprehend and bring the said reputed Lottery Insurer or Infurera hereinbefore described, with such Person or Persons upon whom such Lottery or Little Go Insurance Papers, Accounts or Memorandums were found, before Two Magistrates or Justices of the Peace, and upon Proof before them that such Papers, Accounts or Memorandums relate to Lottery or Little Go lnfurances, or if such Accounts or Memorandums cannot be brought away without injuring the Premises, then upon Proof by Two credible Witnesses, of whom the Person who shall have given such Information upon Oath as is hereinbefore mentioned shall not be One, that such Memorandums were written with Chalk or otherwise upon or in the Premises, and related to Lottery or Little Go lnfurances, such Persons are to be deemed Rogues and Vagabonds, and punished as such.

CAP. LXXII.

Lord Lieutenant may appoint Commissioners for executing Ad.

An Act for improving ^nd completing the Harbour of Dunmore, in the County of Waterford, and rendering it a fit Situation for His Majesty's Packets.

[3d June 1818.]

WHEREAS the Pier of Dunmore, at the Mouth of the Haven of Waterford, has been begun and carried on at the public Expence, chiefly for the Accommodation of His Majesty's Packets plying

between Waterford and Milford: And Whereas it is expedient to provide for the improving and completing ' the said Pier and Harbour, for the Regulation of the Shipping that may use the fame, and for the Support

and Preservation of the Harbour when completed May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, from and immediately after the passing of this Act, to appoint by Writing under his or their Hand or Hands any Persons whom he or they may think proper, not exceeding Five in Number, to be Commissioners for the Purpose of carrying this Act into Execution,

11 who

C.

72.

who shall act without Fee or Reward 5 and such Persons so to be appointed shall be and are hereby appointed Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act; and it shall and may be lawful for any Two of the said Cpm-tniflioners to do any Act, matter or thing whatever in the Execution of this Act, except in cases specially provided for by this Act.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, to revoke the Appointment of any Person or Persons so appointed to be a Commissioner or Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act 5 and that in case of any Vacancy or Vacancies by such Revocation, or by the Death or Resignation of any One or more of the Commissioners to be appointed by virtue of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, from time to time to nominate and appoint such other Person or Persons to be a Commissioner or Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, as such Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being shall think fit and proper to supply such Vacancies; and every Person so nominated and appointed shall have such and the like Powers and Authorities for carrying this Act into Execution, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as the Persons originally appointed to be Commissioners under this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners and each and every of them shall take and subscribe the Oath following before he or they shall take upon himself or themselves the Execution of any of the Powers or Authorities hereby given, other than administering the said Oath:

J .//. 2?. do swear, That I will, without Favour or Affection, Hatred or Malice, truly, faithfully and

impartially, according to the best of my Skill and Judgment, execute and perform all and every of the < Powers, Authorities and Duties of a Commissioner repoled in me under and by virtue of an Act made in

the Fifty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled [here set forth the Title of this

Which Oath any One of the said Commissioners, or any Person named in any Appointment of Commissioners, is hereby authorized and required to administer at the First or any other Meeting to be held by virtue of this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, and he and they is and are hereby authorized, empowered and required, from time to time to nominate and appoint a Secretary to the said Commissioners; and the said Commissioners are hereby authorized and empowered to nominate and appoint One or more Clerk or Clerks, and also from time to time to employ such Engineers, Surveyors and other Officers, and such Labourers, Workmen and Artificers, as the said Commissioners or any Two of them shall think proper and expedient, for the better carrying into Execution the Purposes of this Act f and to pay and allow tp such Secretary and Clerk such Salary or Allowance as the said Commissioners, with the Consent of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors, shall think fit s Provided nevertheless, that such Secretary as shall or may hereafter be appointed shall take and subscribe the following Oath before he shall take upon himself the Execution of any of the Duties annexed to his said Office, which Oath any One of the said Commissioners or any Justice of the Peace is hereby authorized and empowered to administer:

' T C. 2). do swear, That I will well, truly and faithfully, without Fraud or Concealment, do, perform and

execute the several Duties attached to the Office of Secretary to which I have been appointed by the Commissioners for improving and completing the Harbour at Dunmore, in the County of Waterford; and that I will not accept or receive, directly or indirectly, any Monies, Fees, Perquisites or Profits, by Way of Commission, Premium, Per Centage, Poundage or otherwise, for Qr by reafop of the said Office, or any of the Duties annexed thereto, or by reason of any Account, Contract or Payment made or to be made, or in any way relating to the said Harbour, or any of the Materials or Works thereof, save such Payment and Compensation only ap shall be paid or allowed to me by the said Commissioners/

And if any such Secretary, Clerk or other Officer, Engineer or Surveyor, shall be guilty of any Fraud, Concealment or other matter, pontrary to the true Intent and Meanipg of the said Oath, and be thereof convicted, he shall be deemed guilty of a Misdemeanor; and it shall be lawful for the Court, by and before whom such Person shall be tried and convicted, to inflict such Punishment as may be by Law inffifted of a Person guilty of a Misdemeanor.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act for the time being, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to contract and agree with any fit and proper Person or Persons, Engineer, Surveyor, Artificers, Workmen and others, for the making, doing, completing and finishing all or any of the Quays, Piers, Walls, Erections, Roads and Works requisite to be done and performed, for the completing, executing and finishing the said Harbour at Dunmore, or any Part thereof, or for supplying any of the Materials for the fame; and every such Contract shall be signed by the Person or Persons contjrafting or agreeing to perform such Works respectively, and also by Two or more of the Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, or by the Secretary authorized by the said Commissioners for that Purpose; and that all Contrafts which shall or may be so entered into shall be and the same are hereby declared good, valid and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner or Commissioners may sue and be sued in the £Jame of his or their Secretary for the time being, by the Style and Title of Secretary to the Commissioners

3 Y a

531

In what ctfet Two Commissioners may aft.

Appointment may be gevoked by Lord Lieutenant^ and in case of Vacancies by Death, &c. he may appoint other Persons to be Commissioners.

Commissioners to take and subscribe Oath.

Lord Lieutenant to appoint Secretary, and Commissioners may appoint other Officers.

Secretary to take and subscribe Oath.

Commissioners may contract for Works.

Contract to be signed.

Commissioners may bring and defend A&ionq

53*

in the Name of their Secretary.

No Abatement by Death, &c. of Secretary.

Exception.

Secretary indemnified in respect of such Allions.

All the Commissioners may empower the Secretary to act for them.

Commissioners empowered to purchase Lands,

veiled in Commissioners.

Bodies Politic, empowered to sell and convey Lands to Commissioners.

In default of Agreement, a Jury to be summoned.

Penalty 2 col.

C. 72, 58° GEORGII III. A.D. 1818.

of Dunmore Harbour; 9 and that all Actions, Suits, Prosecutions, Informations, Appeals and other Proceedings whatsoever, that may be necessary or expedient to be brought for the Recovery of any Penalty or Sum of Money due or payable by virtue of this Act, to be had, taken, prosecuted or defended by or against the said Commissioners, shall be had, taken and prosecuted in the Name of the Secretary; and that no Action, Suit, Prosecution, Information, Appeal or other Proceedings to be had, taken, prosecuted or defended by or against the said Commissioners in the Name of their Secretary, shall abate or be discontinued by the Death, Suspension or Removal of such Secretary, or by any Ad or Default of such Secretary done or suffered, without the Consent or Direction of the said Commissioners, but that the Secretary for the time being shall be always deemed the Plaintiff, Prosecutor, Informant, Appellant, Defendant or Respondent, in any such Action, Suit, Prosecution, Information, Appeal or other Proceedings, except in such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, as shall be instituted, prosecuted and carried on between the said Commissioners and the Secretary for the time being, in which Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, any one of the said Commissionera shall pr may be Plaintiff or Defendant, as the case may be: Provided always, that every such Secretary, in jvhofe Name any such Action, Suit, Prosecution, Information, Appeal or other Proceeding shall be had, taken, prosecuted or defended, in pursuance of this Act, shall be fully indemnified, reimbursed and paid, out of the Monies applicable to the Purposes of this Act, all such Costs, Charges, Damages and Expences as by Jthe Events, or in consequence of any such Action, Suit, Information, Appeal or other Proceedings, he shall pay, bear, expend or be put unto, or become chargeable with or liable for, or be fairly entitled to, by reason of his being so made Plaintiff, Defendant, Informant, Appellant or Respondent, as aforesaid, 'unless such Action or Suit shall arise in consequence of his own wilful Neglect or Default, or that shall have been brought or commenced, or be defended, without the Order of the said Commissioners.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for all the Three Commissioners to bp appointed for the Purposes of this Act, by any Writing under the Hands of them and every of them, from time to time to authorize and empower their Secretary for the time being to do any special Ad, matter or thing which such Commissioners, or any Two of them, are by this Act authorized to do; and every Ad, natter or thing done by such Secretary in the Execution of such Power and Authority, shall be as good and valid to all Intents and Purposes as if the fame were done by such Commissioners or any Two of them.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners for the Execution of this Act, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, by and with the Consent and Approbation in Writing of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, to purchase all such Lands, Ground, Buildings, Houses, Hereditaments and Premises whatsoever as are mentioned and particularized in the Schedule marked A. to this Act annexed, and in the Map or Plan deposited with the Clerk of the Parliaments, or such Part of them as the said Commissioners for the Execution of this Act may, by and with the Consent and Approbation of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors as aforesaid, think necessary to be purchased and employed for the Purposes of this Act; and all such Ground, Buildings, Houses and Premises which shall be purchased and employed for the Purposes of this Act, shall, when 10 purchased, be vested in the said Commissioners, and shall be taken Possession of and shall be employed for the Purposes of this Act, according to the Directions of the Commissioners for executing this Act, under the Regulations in this Act mentioned and contained.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for all Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Tenants for Life or in Fee Tail General or Special, Parsons, Vicars, and all Feoffees in Trust, Committees of Lunatics and Idiots, Executors, Administrators, Guardians and other Trustees whatsoever, for or on behalf of any Infants, Femes Covert or Cestuique Trusts, and for all and every Person and Persons whomsoever v/ho are or shall be seised, possessed of or interested in any of the Lands, Grounds or Hereditaments specified in the Schedule marked A. to this Act annexed, to treat, contract and agree with the said Commissioners for the Purchase of such Lands, Grounds or Hereditaments, or any Part or Parts thereof, and for their Interest therein, for the Purposes aforesaid, and to sell and convey the fame, as Occasion shall be or require; and all Contracts and Agreements, Sales and Conveyances which shall be so made, shall be valid and effectual in the Law to all Intents and Purposes, any Law, Statute, Usage or any other matter or thing whatsoever, to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding; and all Feoffees in Trust, Committees of Lunatics and Idiots, Executors, Administrators, Guardians and Trustees, Corporations Aggregate and Sole, and all other Persons, are and shall be hereby indemnified for what they shall do by virtue or in pursuance of this Act.

X. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons seised or possessed of, or interested in any Ground, Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments and Premises which shall be deemed necessary to be purchased by the Commissioners appointed under this Act, with such Consent and Approbation as aforesaid, shall refuse to treat or agree for the Sale thereof, or shall not agree with the said Commissioners in the Sum of Money offered to be given for the fame, or shall not or cannot produce a clear Title to the Premises they are in Possession of, or the Interest they claim therein, that then and in every such case it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners or any Two of them (not being interested in the Question to be determined, by being entitled to any Sum or Sums of Money claimed to be paid for such Lands and Premises, or any Damages respectively or any Part thereof) from time to time to issue a Warrant or Warrants, Precept or Precepts, under their Hands and Seals, to the Sheriff of the County or Counties in which such Lands lie, thereby commanding such Sheriff to impannel and return a competent Number of substantial and disinterested Persons qualified to serve on Juries, not less than Twenty nor more than Forty, and such Sheriff is hereby authorized and required to impannel and return such Jury or Juries from time to time accordingly, under the Penalty of Two hundred Pounds for every Default in so doing, to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill

12 of

533

A.D. 1818. 58 GEORGII III. C. 7l.

of Plaint or Information in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record, by'such Commissioners or their Secretary, in manner herein provided, or in default by them or either or any of them, then by any Person who shall sue for the fame in any Court of Record in this Kingdom; and out of such Persons so to be impannelled and returned, a Jury of Twelve Persons shall be drawn by some Person, by Ballot, to be named by the said Commissioners, or by their Secretary appointed as aforesaid $ which Persons so to be impannelled, summoned and returned as aforesaid, are required to come and appear before the said Commissioners or their Secretary as aforesaid at such time and Place as in such Warrant or Warrants, Precept or Precepts, shall be directed and appointed, and to attend the said Commissioners or their Secretary until discharged by them or him; and all Parties concerned shall and may have their lawful Challenges against any of the said Jurymen, but shall not be at liberty to challenge the Array 5 and the said Commissioners or any Two of them, or their Secretary as aforesaid (not being interested as aforesaid), are hereby authorized and empowered by Precept or Precepts, Summons or Summonses, from time to time as Occasion shall require, to call before them or him and the said Jury all and every Person and Persons whomsoever who shall be thought proper and necessary to be examined as Witnesses before them or him and the said Jury, on their Oath or Oaths, touching or concerning the Premises 5 and the said Commissioners or their Secretary, as the case may be, if they or he shall think At, shall and may authorize the said Jury to view the Place or Places in question in such Manner as they shall direct, and shall have Power to adjourn such Meeting from Day to Day as Occasion shall require, and to command such Jury upon their Oaths (which Oaths, as also the Oaths to such Person and Persons as shall be called upon to give Evidence, the said Commissioners, not being interested as aforesaid, or their Secretary, are and is hereby empowered and required to adminster) to inquire of the Value of such Grounds, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments as shall be required or necessary for the Purposes of this Act, and of the respective Estate, Right, Title, Term and Interest of every Person and Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, seised or possessed thereof or interested therein, or of or in any Part thereof, and shall assess and award the Sum or Sums to be paid to every such Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, for the Purchase of his, her or their respective Estates, Rights, Titles, Terms and Interests as aforesaid 5 and the said Commissioners or any Two of them, not being interested as aforesaid, or their Secretary, shall and may award and give Judgment for such Sum or Sums of Money so to be assessed and awarded 5 which said VerdiU or Verdicts, and the said Award, Judgment and Determination thereupon, Notice in Writing being given to the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate interested, at least Twenty one Days before the time of the First Meeting of the said Jury, declaring the time and Place of the Meeting, and the Purposes for which the fame is had, by leaving such Notice at the Dwelling House of such Person or Persons, or at his, her or their usual Place or Places of Abode, if then resident within Ireland, and if not, then with the known Agent or Receiver of the Rents of such Person or Persons as shall be then absent from Ireland, or if a Body Politic or Corporate, then with the ostensible or acting Officer of such Body Politic or Corporate, shall be binding and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever against all and every Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, claiming any Estate, Right, Title, Trust, Use or Interest in, to or out of any such Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments or Premises, either in Possession, Re-version, Remainder or Expectancy, as well Infants and Issue unborn, Lunatics, Idiots and Feme Coverts, and Persons under any legal Incapacity or Disability, and all other Cestuique Trusts, his, her and their Successors, Executors and Administrators, and against all other Persons whomsoever; and the said Verdi As, Awards, Judgments and Decrees, and all other Proceedings of the said Commissioners and Juries, to be made, given and pronounced as aforesaid, shall be fairly written on Parchment, and sighed by the said Commissioners who shall pronounce such Judgment.

XI. And be it further enacted, That when the Value of any Lands, Tenements or Premises, shall be submitted to a Jury, such Lands, Tenements or Premises, shall be valued by such Jury, with respelfc to the actual State, Situation and Value of such Lands and Premises, in like manner as if the AH had not been made, and not according to the additional Value which Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments and Premises may acquire, or be supposed to acquire by the making, improving and completing the said Harbour, or by any future Improvements to be made or which might be made in any such Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments and Premises, in consequence of such Harbour, or the Expenditure which shall be laid out for the Purposes of this Act.

XII. And be it further enacted, That upon Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money so to be awarded or adjudged to the Person, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, to whom the same shall be awarded for the Purchase of such Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments and Premises as aforesaid, or for the Purchase of any .Estate, Right, Title, Term or Interest therein, or on depositing the fame in the Bank of Ireland in manner by this Act directed, as the case may be, such Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, shall make and execute, or cause or procure to be made and executed, Conveyances to the said Commissioners of such Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments and Premises as aforesaid, or of such Estate, Right, Title, Term or Interest for which such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded, and shall procure all necessary Parties to execute such Conveyances, Assignments and Assurances, and shall do all Alts, matters and things necessary and requisite to make a good, clear and perfect Title to the said Commissioners.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That all such Judgments, Verdicts, Sentences, Decrees, Orders and other Proceedings of the said Commissioners and Juries, as relate to or concern the Premises aforesaid, shall be enrolled in the Rolls* Office of the Court of Chancery in Ireland, and the fame, or true Copies thereof, shall be deemed and taken to be good and sufficient Evidence and Proof in any Court or Courts of Law or Equity whatsoever 5 and immediately on the Entry of such Verdicts, Judgments, Sentences, Decrees, Orders and other Proceedings of the said Commissioners and Juries as aforesaid, and on Payment of the Sum or Sums of

Money

How Jury drawn.

Challenge of Jury.

Jury may view,

and inquire of the Value.

Commissioners not being interested may give Judgment.

Notice.

Conclusive.

Proceedings to be signed by Commissioners.

Jury to value Ground according to actual State.

Upon Payment of Sums awarded. Conveyances to be made to Commissioners.

Proceedings to be enrolled in the Court of Chancery, and Copies to be Evidence;

i^»

and on Proceedings herein mentioned,

Eft ate veiled in Commissioners. If Jury give more than offered by Com-imflioners, how Colts attending the Decision to be paid.

Application of Compensation Money when amounting to or exceedingcol;

Application when Com pen-la tion is less than 2001. and exceeds aol.

Application when Money is less than aol.

C. 72. 58° GEORGII III. A.D. 1818.

Money agreed on or adjudged or awarded for the Purchase of any Land or Premises, to the Proprietor or Proprietors of any Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments and Premises, or to the Person or Persons who shall be entitled to receive such Money, or on Payment of such Mohey, respecting which any Difficulties, Disputes or Differences shall arise, into the Bank of Ireland, in manner and for the Purposes herein mentioned, all the Estate, Right, Title, Term, Interest, Use, Trust, Property, Claim and Demand in Law and Equity of the Persons to whom or to whose Use such Money shall be paid as aforesaid, shall pass to and be vested in the said Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, who shall be deemed in Law to be in the actual Possession thereof to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Jury shall give in a Verdict for more Monies as a Recompence for the Right, Interest or Property of any Person or Persons in any Lands or Hereditaments, than what shall have been offered by the said Commissioners, before the summoning or returning the Jury, as a Recompence for any such Right, Interest or Property, that then and in such case the Costs and Expences attending the deciding the fame by such Jury and Witnesses shall be borne and paid by the said Commissioners out of the Money to be raised by virtue of this Act; but if such Jury shall give a Verdict for no more or for less Monies than shall have been offered by the said Commissioners, before the summoning and returning the said Jury, as a Recompence for any such Right and Interest or Property as aforesaid, that then the Costs and Expences attending the deciding the fame by such Jury and Witnesses shall be borne and paid by the Person or Persons to whom such Lands or Hereditaments shall belong.

XV. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments purchased by virtue of the Powers and for the Purposes of this Act, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatic or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity, or seised or possessed of only a particular or determinable Estate or Interest therein, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount#to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of Ireland\ in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery in Ireland, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Commissioners for executing this Act, to the Intent that such Money may be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands or Hereditaments, towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances or Part thereof as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands or Hereditaments (landing settled therewith to the fame or the like Uses, Intents or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and invested, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents and Purposes, and in the same manner as the Lands or Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken or used as aforesaid flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the meantime, and until such Purchaseifhail be made, the said Money shall by Order of the said Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be vested by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of some of the Public Funds or Annuities transferable at the Bank of Ireland; and in the meantime, and until the said Public Funds or Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Funds or Annuities shall from time to time b£ paid by Order of the said Court to the Person or Persons who would for the time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands or Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid

for any Lands or Hereditaments purchased for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Incapacity or Disability as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two

hundred Pounds, and shall dxceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in such case the fame shall

(at the Option of the Person or Persons for the time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments taken or used, or of his, or her or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, ) be paid into the said Bank of Ireland, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the said High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in the manner hereinbefore directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by the Commissioners for executing this Act, (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties, ) in order that such Principal Money and the Dividends arising therefrom may be applied in manner hereinbefore directed, so far as the fame may be applicable, without obtaining or being re* quired to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the said Court of Chancery.

XVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be

paid as last before mentioned, shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such cases the fame

shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments so purchased, taken or used for the Puiyofes of this Act, in such manner as the said Commissioners for executing this Act shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, tQ and for the yfe and Benefit of such Person or Persons entitled respectively.

f'xyni. An

A.D. 1818. 58° GEORGII III. C. 72. 535

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of la certain cases Money shall be so ordered to be paid as aforesaid, shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises to the Purchase the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, or shall refuse to execute such Conveyance or Conveyances; Money paid into or in case such Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so ordered to be paid ^edtothe

as aforesaid cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands or Hereditaments, be not Credit of Partitt known or discovered, then and iif every such case it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners to interested in die order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded to be paid into the Bank of Ireland, in the Name and with Premifri, sub-the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Credit^to the Order of the Parties interested in the said Lands or Hereditaments, describing them, subject to the Order, Con- chane^on ° trol and Disposition of the said Court; which said Court, on the Application of any Person or Persons Motion or Pe-roaking claim to fudh Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and tirion. is hereby empowered, in a summary Way of Proceeding or otherwise, as to the Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and inverted in the Public Funds, or to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate and Ertates, Title or Interest of the Person or Persons making claim thereunto, and to make such Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable 5 and the Caftiier of the Bank of Ireland, who shall receive such Sum or Sums Cashierof the of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, men- Bank to receive uoning and specifying for what and for whose Use the fame is or are received, to such Person or Per- the Mon, es* ions as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the said Bank as aforesaid.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arise touching the Proviso for case Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the Bank of Ireland, in the Name and with the Privity of<j, fPuted

of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of any K es*

Lands or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right or Interest in any Land's or Hereditaments to be purchased in pursuance thereof, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or to the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands or Hereditaments at the time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery 5 and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Monies, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that feme other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

XX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where by reason of any Disability or Incapacity of Court of Cha*-any Person or Persons or Corporation entitled' to any Lands or Hereditaments to be purchased under the rery may order Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the said Court, reasonable Ex-and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order the Expences of all Purchases from 010 c P31 time to time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the Court shall deem reasonablo, together with the necessary Costs and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said

Trustees, who shall from time to time pay such Sum of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners for the Commissioners Execution of this Act, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor ma7 Mpofeof or Governors for the time being, to contract for the granting, leafing, felling or disposing of, and to grant, *c' not lease, sell and dispose of, any Part of any Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments which shall or may from Such Contra^ time to time be purchased under this Act, and which shall or may not be necessary for the Purposes thereof: &c to be ap-Provided always, that every Contract and every Lease or Sale of any such Lands, Tenements and Heredita- proved by Lord meats, or any Part of them, shall receive the separate Approbation and Consent of such Lord Lieutenant or Lieutenant, other Chief Governor or Governors, and shall be made, after public Notice given of such intended Contract,

Lease or Sale, in such manner and under such Regulations as such Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors shall from time to time order and direct 5 and all Money arising from the Sale thereof, and all How Money Money arising from the Produce of the Rent of such Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, shall be and the arising there-fame are hereby verted in the Commissioners for executing this Act; and all such Money arising from the Sale £omnd of such Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, shall and may be disposed of and applied, under the Directions e 1'

of the said Commissioners, in and towards the Purposes of this Act, as the said Commissioners shall think fit^and expedient; and the said Commissioners for the Execution of this Act, shall Four times in every Year, that Commissioners is to say, within One Calendar Month next after the Twenty ninth Day of September, the Twenty fifth Day 10ccount* of December, the Twenty fifth Day of March, and the Twenty fourth Day of June in every Year, or whenever thereto required by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, or his or their Secretary, render and give an Account to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, or to the Chief Secretary of such Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, of the Amount of all Money received by the said Commissioners for executing this Act, and of the Application thereof for the Purposes of this Act, up to each Quarter Day respectively, or to such other time as shall be required 5 and such Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, or the Chief Secretary of such Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, shall and may examine every such Account,

536 Ci y2i

58° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1818.

count, and, in case they shall* approve thereof, shall signify such their Approbation thereof in Writing at the Foot of such Account, signed by the said Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, or by such Chief Secretary as aforesaid, and shall transmit and return the fame so approved to the Com-Account approve missioners for executing this Act; and every Account so approved and signed as aforesaid shall be a full and ed and signed a Efficient Discharge to the said Commissioners from or on account of all such Sums of Money as shall be mentioned in any such Account, and for the Expenditure and Application thereof; and the said Commissioners for executing this Act shall not be compellable or compelled to give or render any further or other Account of any such Money, or of the Expenditure or Application thereof; any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the Limits of the said Harbour of Dunmore shall be deemed and considered to be from Shannoon Point, otherwise called Black Nob, to Ardnamult Point.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being from time to time to appoint a Person to act as Harbour Mailer within the said Harbour, and to remove any Harbour Mailer so appointed, and to appoint another in his Room or Stead, as he or they shall see fitting; and that it shall and may be lawful for the said Harbour Mailer, as he shall think fitting and expedient, to lay down Moorings or Mooring Chains, and ered and set up Landmarks, Beacons and Buoys, in any Place or Places in the said Bay or Harbour of Dunmore, or adjoining Lands between Shannoon Pointy otherwise Black Nobf and Ardnamult Pointy for the Guidance and Safety of His Majesty's Packets, and all other Ships and Vessels entering said Harbour.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act out of the Duties of Tonnage made payable under this Act, to pay to the said Harbour Matter such Salary and Allowances as to the said Commissioners, by and with the Consent and Approbation of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being shall appear competent and sufficient for the Performance of his Duties under this Act; and if the said Harbour Matter shall directly or indirectly a(k or demand, or take or receive, any Fee, Gratuity or Reward for the Performance of his Duty under this Act, or under Pretext or Pretence of any Act done by him in Execution of thia Ad, over or beyond such Salary or Allowance as aforesaid, such Harbour Matter shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds, together with Double the Amount of such Fee, Gratuity or Reward.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That every such Harbour Matter shall have Power and Authority to! direct the mooring, unmooring, moving or removing of all Ships or other Vessels coming into, lying or beings in the said Port or Harbour of Dunmoref or the Limits thereof as described in this Act, and to appoint and regulate the time or times and the manner of their Entrance into, lying in or going out of or from mch Harbour, and to regulate and determine the Postion of such Ships and other Vessels; and in case any Owner, Matter or other Person having the Charge or Cotnmand of any Ship or other Vessel, shall refuse or neglect to moor, unmoor, place, move or remove his Ship or Vessel according to such Directions, upon Notice to him or them given or left with any Person or Persons on board of such Ship or Vessel for that Purpose, every such Owner, Matter or other Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Harbour Matter and his Aflittants, and he and his Assistants are hereby required, to moor, unmoor, place, move or remove such Ship and Vessel accordingly; and in case any Master, Commander, Mate*, Pilot or other Person or Persons taking Charge or Command of any Ship or' other Vessel, or any other Person or Persons whosoever, shall obstruct &c hinder the mooring, unmooring, placing, moving or removing of any Ship or other Vessel lying or being in the said Harbour, or the Limits or any Part thereof as described in this Act, then and in every such case such Person or Persons so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall wilfully obttrud, moled or hinder any Surveyor, Engineer, Workmen or Labourers employed by the said Commissioners or their Secretary for the Purposes of this Act, in the Performance of his, her or their Duty or Employment in the Execution of this Act, every Person so offending shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds; and if any Person shall wilfully, and to the Prejudice of the said Harbour, break, throw down, de-tyroy or in anywise damage or injure any Pier, Dock, Quay, Reservoir, Ere6lion, Machine, Building, Roadway or other Work whatsoever, to be erected or made by virtue of this Act, or any Part thereof, or of any Works erected in pursuance of this Act, every such Person so offending shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and being lawfully qonvifled thereof shall be subject to the lil^e Pains and Penalties as in cases of Felony; and the Court by or before whom such Person shall be tried and convicted shall have Power and Authority to cause such Person to be punished as a Felon may be punished by the Law of Ireland, or in Mitigation of such Punishment such Court may award such lesser Punishment as to such Court shall seem proper.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall wilfully and maliciously hurt, cut, damage or destroy any Ship, Wherry, Boat or other Vessel, lying within the present Harbour of Dunmore, or upon the Piers, Quays, Roads or Way leading to or belonging to the said Harbour, or either or any of them, any Kope, Cable, Anchor, Oar, Spear or any Tackling, Necessary or Material, belonging to any such Ship, Wherry, Boat or other Vessel, or any of the Furniture, Cargo or Property belonging to or on board such Ships or Vessels, or any Goods or Property of any Person or Persons whatsoever, which may be lying at, upon or along such Piers, Quays, Roads or Ways, or any of them, or any of the Tools, Implements, Materials or other Goods, Chattels or Property used or intended to be used in the said Harbour, or the Works conne6ted therewith or belonging thereto, or to the said Commissioners or to any other Person, for the Use of the said Works, that then and in such case the Person or Persons so offending shall upon Conviction forfeit and

PY

Discharge to Comraitfiohers.

Limits of the Harbour. Harbour Master to be appointed by Lord Lieutenant; and to lay Moorings, &c.

Salary to Harbour Matter, who shall not take any other Fees.

[Penalty.]

Power of Harbour Master as to Moorings, &c.

Refusing to obey Harbour Master,

[Penalty.]

Obstruction

Moorings.

Penalty. Molesting Officers or Work-

Penalty. Breaking down or damaging Works.

Felony.

Damaging Ships, &c. Ropes, Cables, kc.

A.D. 1818. 58° GEORGII III. c. 7l.

pay any Sum not less than Two Pounds, or more than Ten Pounds, in the Discretion of the Justice before whom such Offender shall be convicted of such Offence.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid, upon or in respect of Ships, Vessels or other Bottoms which shall come into the Port or Harbour of Dunmore, and upon and in respect of the several matters and things mentioned, specified and set forth in the Schedule marked B. to this Act annexed, the several Duties and Sums of Money mentioned, specified and set forth in Words and Figures in the said Schedule, in addition to all other Duties of Customs payable on or in respect of such Ships or Vessels, or such matters or things respectively, under any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained 'shall extend or be construed to extend to the levying of any Duties from or in respect of any Vessel or Vessels belonging to His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, or that shall or may be employed in His Majesty's Service, or in the Service of the Post Office, Excise or Customs, or from or in respect of any Fishing Vessels or Pilot Boats, or from or in respect of any Boats employed in the Service of the Commissioners for the Harbour of Waterford.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Harbour Master of the said Harbour of Dunmore for the time being to collect and levy from the Masters and Owners of the several Ships and Vessels which shall come into the said Harbour, the several Duties granted by this Act and the Schedule marked B« thereto annexed; and that the said Duties shall be payable to the said Harbour Master over and above all other Duties whatever payable on such Ships and Vessels in respect of the Tonnage thereof, or otherwise howsoever; and that it shall and may be lawful for the said Harbour Master to seize and distrain any such Ship or Vessel, or the Tackle, Apparel or Furniture thereof, or any Part thereof, and to detain the fame until Payment of the said Duties, and to give a Receipt for such Duties when paid; and the said Harbour Master shall keep an Account of all Sum and Sums of Money received by him on account of the said Duties under this Act, and shall account for the fame Weekly and every Week to the said Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, and shall pay over the fame at such times and in such manner, and under such Regulations, as the said Commissioners from time to time shall direct; and the same to be applied to the Purposes of this Act.

XXXI. And Whereas by an Act passed in the Fifty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for improving the Port and Harbour of Waterford, and for other Purposes relating thereto^ it is enacted,

that all Vessels entering the Harbour of Waterford shall pay certain Duties by the said Act granted, on re-

porting at the Custom House of Waterford; Be it enacted and declared, That nothing in the said Act contained shall be construed to extend to Vessels entering the Harbour of Dunmore, or anchoring within the Limits thereof, as hereinbefore mentioned, and not reporting and entering at the Custom House at Waterford; any thing in the said recited Act, or in any Schedule thereto annexed, to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That when the said Harbour and Port of Dunmore shall be completed, the same shall be and become vested in the Commissioners hereinbefore directed to be appointed; and that it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, by and with the Approbation and Consent of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being from time to time to reduce the Duties payable according to the Schedule marked B. to this Act annexed, and to raise the fame again from time to time to the Amount of the Duties in the said Schedule specified, whenever it shall appear advantageous or expedient so to do.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act imposed, the manner of levying and recovering whereof is not otherwise particularly directed, shall be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels, and by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of One or more Justices of the Peace for the County of Waterford, which Warrant or Warrants such Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered and required to grant upon the Information of One or snore credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, which Oath such Justice or Justices is and are herdby empowered to administer without Fee or Reward j and such Penalties and Forfeitures when recovered, after rendering the Overplus, if any be, when demanded, to the Party or Parties whose Goods and Chattels shall be so distrained and fold, the Charges of such Distress and Sale'being first deduded, shall be paid, if not otherwise directed to be applied by this Act, to the Harbour Master of the said Harbour, to be by him accounted for to the Commissioners under this Act, in like manner and for the same Uses and Purposes as the Rates and Duties specified in Schedule B. to this Act annexed are applicable; and if sufficient Distress shall not be found, it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices to commit every such Offender to the Common Gaol or House of Cor-re&i, on within the said County of Waterford, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unlpfs such Penalties and Forfeitures, and all reasonable Charges, shall be fponer paid.

XXXIV. Provided always, and be .it further enacted, That in case any Person shall think himself orlier-self aggrieved by any thing done in pursuance of this Act, and for which no particular Method of Relief hath been already hereby appointed, it shall be lawful for such Person to appeal to the Justices of Peace at their next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held in and for the said County of Waterford; or in case the said Cause of Complaint shall arise within Twenty Days next before such General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, then such* Appeal may be made to the said Justices at the Second General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held for the said County, who are hereby authorized and required to take Cognizance thereof, and to hear and determine the Complaint of any such Person in a summary Way*, and, if they fee Cause, may by Order of such Sessions mitigate at their discretion all or any of the Penalties aforesaid, or vacate or set aside the Conviction, and set the Party at liberty, or otherwise may ratify and confirm the fame, and award such Costs to the Parties appealing or appealed against as to them shall seem just and reasonable, and to make such

58 Geo. III. 3 Z Orders

537

[Penalty.]

Duties in Schedule to this Act to be levied and paid.

Proviso for Ships belonging to His Majestf, dtc.

Harbour Master to receive and account for Duties in Schedule B.;

and may Distrain, $c.

56 G. 3. c.lxiv. not to extend to certain Vessels entering Dunmore Harbour.

After Completion of Harbour, to vest in Commissioners, who may, with Consent of Lord Lieutenant, reduce Duties, in Schedule B., Sec. Penalties how recovered and.applied.

Appeal to the Quarter Sessions.

Costs.

53&

Notice of Appeal.

Orders not qodshed for want of Form.

No Certiorari.

Conviction of Offenders.

Form of Conviction.

Limitation hf Actions.

[General Issue.]

[Double Costs.]

Expences of Act.

[Public Act.]

C. 72. 58° GEORGII III. A.D. 1818.

Orders £nd Judgments in r'egilrd to the Premisefe as they shall think fit 5 but the Person so appealing shall give Notice in Writing to the said Harbour Matter of such his ot* her Intention of bringing such Appeal, and of the Cause or Matter th&'eof, Fourteen Days before the said Quarter Sessions.

XXXV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Order made touching or concerning any of the Matters aforesaid, or any other Proceeding to be had touching the Conviction of any Offender or Offenders against this present Act, shall be quashed or vacated for want of Form only, or be removed or removable by Certiorari or any other Writ or Process whatsoever into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Dublin; any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXVI. And for the more ealy and speedy Conviction of Offenders against this Act, be it further enacted.

That all and every the Justice or Justices of the Peace before Whom any Person or Persons shall be convicted

of any Offence against this Act, shall and may cause the Conviction to be drawn up in the following Form of

Words, or in any Form of Words to the fame Effect;

DE it remembered, That on the Day of in the

Year of His Majesty's Reign, A.B. is convicted before of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County of \_fPectfying the Offence, and time and Place when

and where the fame was committed, as the case shall be.] Given under our Hands and Seals, the Day and

Year aforesaid/

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any thing done in pursuance of this Act, the same shall be commenced within Three Calendar Months next after the raft committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid and brought in the County where the Cause of Action shall have arisen, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action or Suit shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if it shall appear so to have been done, or that such Action or Suit shall be commenced after the time before limited for bringing the same, or shall be brought in any other County than as aforesaid, that then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon a Verdict for the Defendant, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his, her or their Action or Suit, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared; or if upon Demurrer Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Double Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in any other cases by Law.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all Costs, Charges and Expences incident to or attending the obtaining and passing of this Act, shall be reimbursed and paid out of the first Rates and Duties to be raised by virtue of this Act.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justice and others, without being specially pleaded.

SCHEDULES to which the foregoing Act refers.

SCHEDULE (A.)

Particulars of the Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments which may be purchased under this Act.

Lands to be purchased under this Act from the Marquis of Waterford.

The Timber Yard Point, containing One Acre, One Rood, Eleven Perches; Little Island, containing Twenty Perches; from Timber Yard to the Railway, below the Middle of Road, containing Two Roods and Thirty four Perches; and the Rocky Hill, between the Railway and the Sea, containing Four Acres, Three Roods, Twenty five Perches 5 making in the whole Seven Acres and Ten Perches, all in the Townland of Diinmore, in the Parish of Kiliea, Barony of Gualtiere, and County of Waterford.

From Earl Fortescue.

The Free Stone Quarry, containing One Acre, in the Townland of Coxtown, in said Parish, Barony and County.

SCHEDULE (B.)

For every Vessel anchoring between Black Nob and Ardnamult Point, if British built Every British Vessel which shall make fast to the Moorings in the Road,

Every Vessel mooring within the Piers -

For every Ton of Coals, Lime or Stone landed or shipped at the Quays - For every Ton of other Goods landed or shipped -

For all Foreign Ships, double the above Dues.

For all Horses, Oxen, Cows and other Cattle, commonly called Black Cattle, landed, shipped or exported from said Harbour -

For all Calves, Sheep and Pigs landed, shipped or exported from said Harbour

Per Tod.

0 o of

001

002 o 0 2 010

Per Head. OIO

Per Score. O O IO

A.D. 1818.

58° GEORGII III.

c. 73.

539

CAP. LXXIII.

An Act for regulating the Payment of Regimental Debts, and the Distribution of the Effects of Officers and Soldiers dying in Sendee, and the Receipt of Sums due to Soldiers.

- [5th June 1818.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that better Provision should be made for the Payment of Regimental Debts c V? and the Distribution of the Effects of deceased Officers and Soldiers Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all Sums of Money due in respect of any Military Clothing, Appointments and Equipments, or in respect of any Quarters, or of any Mess or Regimental Accounts, and all Sums of Money due to any Agent or Paymaster or Quartermaster, or any other Officer upon any such Account, or on account of any Advances made far any such Purpose, shall be deemed and taken to be Regimental Debts, and shall be paid out of any Arrears of Pay, or out of the Effects or the Proceeds of the Effects, or out of any Prize or Bounty Money of any Officer or Soldier dying while in the Service, in such Proportion or Priority as shall be ordered by the Secretary at War for the time being in that behalf, and in preference to any other Debts, Claims or Demands whatsoever upon the Estate and Effects of such Officer or Soldier; and if any Doubt shall arise as to whether any Claim or Demand made in relation to any Officer or Soldier is a Regimental Debt or not, such Question shall be decided by the Order or Certificate of the Secretary at War for the time being made in that behalf; and all such Payments shall be good and valid in Law; and every Person who shall make any such Payment out of any such Arrears of Pay, Effects or Proceeds as aforesaid, under the Provisions of this Act, or in pursuance of any such Order or Certificate of the Secretary at War, or into whose Hands any such Money shall come, shall be and are hereby indemnified for and in respect of such Payments, and all other Acts, matters and things done in pursuance of the Provisions of this Act, or of the Order or Certificate of the Secretary at War, in relation to the Distribution of such Arrears, Effects or Proceeds, in relation to the satisfying any such Regimental Debts as aforesaid; any thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament or Law or Laws to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Secretary at War for the time being to caqfe all Surplus which may remain after satisfying such Regimental Debts as aforesaid, to be paid to the Person or Persons entitled thereto.

III. And be it further enacted, That all such Regimental Debts shall and may be paid without any Probate of any Will being obtained, or any Letters of Administration, or any Confirmation of Testament, or Letters Testamentary or Dative, being taken out by any Person; and the Surplus only of such Arrears of Pay* and Proceeds of any such Effects, shall be deemed the Personal Estate of the Deceased for the Payment of any Duty in respect of any Probate, or of any Letters of Administration, or Confirmation of Testament, or Letters Testamentary or Dative, or for the Purpose of Distribution aq Personal Estate 5 and it shall be lawful for the Secretary at War for the time being to order and direct the Payment or Distribution of any such Surplus in any case in which the same shall not exceed Twenty Pounds, without any Probate or Letters of Administration, or Confirmation of Testament, or Letters Testamentary or Dative, or Payment of any Duty of Stamps, or upon Legacies or otherwise 5 and it shall also be lawful for the Paymaster General of fiis Majesty's Land Forces For the time being to issue any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds which may be dup to any Officer deceased, or to the Widow or Relative of any Officer deceased, or to the Representative or Representatives of any such Officer, Widow oc Relative, in like manner without any Probate or Letters of Administration, or Confirmation of Testament, or Letters Testamentary or Dative, or Payment of any Duty of Stamps, or upon Legacies or otherwise; the same to be paid to the Person who shall be notified by the Secretary at War to the Paymaster General as being entitled thereto 5 and all such Payments respectively shall be as valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes as if the fame had been made by or to any Executor or Administrator, or under the Authority of any Probate or Letters of Administration, or Confirmation of Testament, or Letters Testamentary or Dative; any thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament or Law or Laws to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And Whereas Frauds are frequently practised upon Non Commissioned Officers and Soldiers, or their Representatives, by Persons of bad Character who offer to act as Agents, and are authorized by such Non

Commissioned Officers and Soldiers, or their Representatives, to receive any Pay or Arrears of Pay, or

Prooeeds of any Effects of deceased Non Commissioned Officers and Soldiers to which they may be entitled Be it therefore enacted, That no Person, not being an Agent of some Regiment, Battalion or Corps of His Majesty's Army, or of the Militia, shall receive for any Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier^ or for any Representative or Representatives of any Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier, any Pay or Arrears of Pay, or any Effects, or Proceeds of any Effects, of any deceased Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier dying while in His Majesty's Service, unless such Person shall be entitled to receive such Pay or Effects or Proceeds, or any Part thereof, as a Devisee or next of Kin, or Executor or Administrator of such Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier-

V. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Twenty fourth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eighteen* it shall not be lawful for any Agent or Agents appointed for the Distribution of Army Prize or Bounty Money, Grant or other Allowances of Money in the Nature thereof, or for the Treasurers of Chelsea Hospital, to pay the Share of any Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier to any Person or Persons whatsoever other than the Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier entitled to the fame, or to the next of Kin or

3 Z 2 Executor

Sums due for. Military Clothing, &c. to be deemed Regimental Debts, and payable out of any Arrears of Pay, &c.

How Question whether Claim is a Regimental Debt to be decided.

Surplus paid by Secretary at War to Person entitled. Regimental Debts to be paid without Probate of Will, Sec. Surplus only deemed Personal Estate; and if not above 20l. may be paid without Probate.

How and to whom the same to be paid.

Agents for Regiments only to be allowed to receive Pay for Non Commissioned Officers and Soldiers.

Shares of Non Commissioned Officers, See. to be paid only to themselves, or their Executors, &c.

Falfely personat-i m others, or acting as Agents, not being authorised, &c, Misdemeanor.

Creditor taking out Adraiuiftration, to be paid only the Sum due to him on Oath.

Lord Lieutenant may cause all Alts necef-(gry for executing this Act to be done in Ireland.

*8 G. 2. c. i.

No Deduction of is. in the Pound from Pensions on Chelsea Establishment paid in Ireland.

Such Deduction from Pensioners of KHmainham paid in G. B.

Commissioners of Chelsea and Kilmainham Hospital* empowered to make Regulations for Payment of Pensions.

C. 73, 74. 58° GEORGII III. A.D. 1818.

Executor or Administrator of such Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier, or to the Agent of any Regiment, Battalion or Corps of His Majesty's Army or Militia, duly authorized by the Party entitled thereto to receive the same.

VI. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall falsely represent himself or herself to be, or who shall perforate, a Parent, Child, Brother, Sifter or other Relative of any Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier, for the Purpose of obtaining or receiving, or endeavouring to obtain or receive any Pay or Arrears of Pay, or any Effects, or Proceeds of any Effects, or any Prize or Bounty Money, Grant or other Allowance of Money of any deceased Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier; and every Person, not being an Agent authorized to receive any such Money, or licensed as aforesaid, who shall for Gain, Hire, Pay, Commission or Reward, ad as an Agent for any Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier, or for any Representative or Representatives of any Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier, relative to the applying for or receiving any such Pay or Arrears of Pay, Effects or Proceeds of Effects, Prize or Bounty Money, or other Grant or Allowance, or who shall directly or indirectly, by himself or herself, or any other Person for his or her Use, take, accept or receive any Gain, Hire, Pav, Commission or Reward* for any matter or thing done in relation to applying for br receiving any such Money or Effects for or for the Use of any such Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier, or for any Representative or Representatives of any Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier, shall be deemed guilty of a Misdemeanor, and be liable to be punished accordingly.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the Agent appointed for the Distribution of Army Prize or Bounty Money, Grants or other Allowances of Money in the Nature thereof, or for the Treasurer of Chelsea Hospital, to pay to any Creditor taking out Letters of Administration to a deceased Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier, out of the Share of such deceased Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier, any further or greater Sum than shall appear, by Affidavit to be made by the Person taking out Letters of Administration, to be due to him at the time of taking out such Letters of Administration.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, by any Order or Orders under his or their Hand or Hands, or under the Hand of his or their Chief Secretary, or of the Under Secretary for the Military Department id the Chief Secretary's Office in Dublin, to do and perform all and any and every Acts, matters and things whatsoever, requisite for the carrying this Act into Execution in Ireland; and all Acts so done in Ireland shall be good, valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

CAP. LXXIV.

An Act for the further Regulation of Payments of Pensions to Soldiers upon the Establishments of

Chelsea and Kilmainham. % [5th June 1818.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that such Out Pensioners upon the Chelsea Establishment as receive their PenGo«8 in Ireland, should receive the same Amount in Irish Money as is received by the Pensioner* 4 of Kilmainham Hospital in Ireland of the like Class or Rate, clear of the Deduction of One Shilling in the Pound to which such Chelsea Pensions are at present liable, under the Provisions of an Act passed in the Twenty eighth Year of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for the Relief of the Out Pensioners of the Royal Hospital at Chelsea; and that such Pensioners of Kilmainham Hospital as receive their Pensions in Great Britain, should receive the same Amount of English Money, after deduding the One Shilling in the Pound deduded from Chelsea Pensions as aforesaid, as is received by the Out Pensioners upon the Chelsea Establishment in Great Britain of the like Class or Rate: Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That no such Deduction of One Shilling in the Pound as aforesaid shall be made from the Pensions upon the Chelsea Establishment paid in Ireland to Pensioners upon the Chelsea Establishment, during such time as such Out Pensioners shall receive their Pensions in Ireland, but the full Amount in Irish Currency, according to the Class or Rate of each Pension, shall be paid to such Pensioners respectively; any thing in the said recited Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That such Deduction as aforesaid of One Shilling in the Pound shall be made from all Pensions paid in English Money to the Pensioners of Kilmainham Hospital receiving their Pensions in Great Britain, during such time as such Pensioners shall continue to receive their Pensions in Great Britain.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Chelsea and Kilrftainham Hospitals respectively, and they are hereby respectively empowered and required, from and after the passing of this Act, and from time to time thereafter as Occasion may require, to make such Orders, Rules and Regulations as may appear to them respectively to be necessary for the making such Payments and Deductions respectively to such Out Pensioners upon their respective Establishments, and for the enabling the Pensioners upon the Establishment of Chelsea to receive their Pensions in Ireland in Irish Currency, according to their respective Rates of Allowance, without Deductions as aforesaid, and the Pensioners of Kilmainham Hospital to receive their Pensions in English Money in Great Britain, with such Deductions as aforesaid, according to their respective Rates of Allowance, and for the carrying into Execution the Provisions of this Act in relation to such Payments and Deductions as aforesaid; any thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament, or Rules or Regulations heretofore made, to the contrary notwithstanding.

A.D. 1818.

58° GEORGII III. C. 75, 76- 54i

CAP. LXXV.

An Act for the more effectual Prevention of Offences connected with the unlawful Destruction and Sale of Game.

[5th June 1818.]

WHEREAS the felling, exposing or offering to Sale, any Hare, Pheasant, Partridge, Moor Heath

Game or Grouse, is by Law prohibited: And Whereas it is expedient, for the more effectual Pre-

veotion of Offences connected with the unlawful Destruction and Sale of Game, to provide by Law at

herein after is enacted : Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled,

and by the Authority of the same, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever, whether qualified or not qualified Buying Game.

to kill Game, shall buy any Hare, Pheasant, Partridge, Moor Heath Game or Grouse, every such Perfoq

or Persons who shall so offend, and thereof shall be convicted before any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace, Magistrate or Magistrates, acting for the County, Riding, City, Town, Borough, Division or

Place where such Offence shall be committed, by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses,

shall, for every Hare, Pheasant, Partridge, Moor Heath Game or Grouse, so bought as aforesaid, forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds, One half to be paid to the Informer, and the other to the Poor of the Penalty.

Parish where such Offence shall be committed; the same to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender's

Goods, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of the Justice or Justices, Magistrate or Magistrates, before

whom the Offender shall be convicted, rendering the Overplus of such Distress and Sale (if any) to the Party or Parties, after deducing the Changes of making the same 5 provided that such Conviction be made within

Six Calendar Months after such Offence committed.

II. And for the better Discovery of such Person or Persons as shall buy or fell any Hare, Pheasant,

Partridge, Moor Heath Game or Grouse, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and Personi buying after the time of she passing of this Act, any Person that shall buy, fell, os offer to fell, or have unlawfully in or felling, or un-his Possession, any Hare, Pheasant, Partridge, Moor Heath Game or Grouse, and shall make Discovery of lawfully haring any Person that hath within Six Calendar Months bought or sold any such Game as aforesaid, so as any one ing^scharged shall be convicted of any such Offence by virtue of this or any other Statute now in force, such Discoverer shall from Penalties, be discharged of and from all Pains, Forfeitures and Penalties to which he may be and shall have become liable,

before and at the time of the making such Discovery, by reason of the buying or selling, or offering to fell,

or having unlawfully in his Possession, any such Game as aforesaid, any thing'in any former Statute contained

to the contrary notwithstanding \ and shall receive the same Benefit and Advantage as any other Informer

shall be entitled to, by virtue of this Act, for such Discovery and Information: Provided always, that no- Proviso as to

thing in this Act contained shall be held or construed to discharge such Discoverer of or from any Pains, Prosecution

Forfeitures or Penalties, in respect whereof a Prosecution shall be actually pending, or a Conviction or P*111*

Judgment shall have been had against him, at the time of the making such Discovery as aforesaid.

III. And be it further enacted, That wheresoever any Person shall, for any Offence to be committed Penalties under

against the Provisions of this Act, be liable or subject to any Forfeiture or Penalty upon Conviction before any A&may be Justice or Justices, Magistrate or Magistrates as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for any other Person [^Use of^ro whatsoever, either to proceed to recover the said Forfeiture or Penalty by Information and Conviction as afore- frCut0r! ° r°

laid, or to sue for and recover the Whole of such Penalty for his own Use by Action of Debt or on the Case,

Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record, wherein no Essoign, Wager of Law or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed, and wherein the Plaintiff, if he recovers, shall have his Double Costs; and that no Part of the said Penalty recovered in any such Suit or Action shall be paid or applied to or for the Use of the Poor of the Parish wherein such Offence shall be committed: Provided always, that no Limitation of such Action, Suit, Bill, Plaiut or Information shall be brought or exhibited, but within the Space of Six Prosecution. Calendar Months next after the Offence committed; and that in case of any Second Prosecution for One No double Offence, the Person doubly prosecuted may plead in his Defence the former Prosecution pending, or the Con- Prosecution. viction or Judgment thereupon had.

CAP. LXXVI.

An Act to subject Foreigners to Arrest and Detention for Smuggling within certain Distances of any of the Dominions of His Majesty; for regulating Rewards to the Seizing Officers, according to the Tonnage of Vessels or Boats seized and condemned; and for the further Prevention of the Importation of Tea without making due Entry thereof with the Officers of Customs and Excise. '

[5th June 1818.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled an 45 G. 3 c m. jiQ for the more effectual Prevention of Smuggling, it is enacted, that every Person being a Subject of §7.

His Majesty, who shall be found or taken on board or discovered. to have been on board any Ship, Vessel or Boat liable to Forfeiture under any of the Provisions of that Act, or liable to Forfeiture under the Provisions of any other Act or Acts, for being found or having been at Anchor or hovering within any such Distances of any of the Dominions of His Majesty, with such Goods on board as subject such Ship, Vessel or Boat,

4 or Goods, to Forfeiture, and who shall not prove that he was only a Passenger on board such Ship, Vessel or Boat, and every Person found aiding or amfting in unshipping to be laid on Land, or found carrying, con- keying, concealing or assisting in the carrying away, conveying or concealing, any Foreign Brandy, Rum,

Geneva or Spirits subject to Forfeiture under that Act, or any Law or Act relating to the Revenue of

Customs

C. 76.

58° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1818.

57 G. 3. c. 87. § S-

Foreigners found or who have been on board Vessels liable to Forfeiture assisting in conveying or concealing Spirits.

[Penalty.]

How to be recovered and applied.

Punishment. Such Persons may be arrested and taken before a Justice, who may commit on Conviction if Penalty be not paid.

Commissioners may reward Persons detaining Offenders.

56 G. 3. c. 104.

§6.

Customs or Excise in the United Kingdom, are liable to certain Penalties; and it is thereby made lawful for any Officer or Officers of the Army, Navy, Marines, Customs or Excise, and he and they is and are thereby authorized, empowered and required to stop, arrest and detain every such Person, being a Subject of His Majesty, and to convey the said Person before One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace residing near to the Port or Place into which such Ship, Vessel or Boat shall be taken or carried, or near to the Place where any such Person shall be so taken or arrested, to be dealt with, proceeded against or prosecuted in the manner therein directed; and by another Act passed in the Fifty seventh Year of His said Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to amend Two Acts, passed in the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty, and in the last Session of Parliament, for the making more effectual Provision for the Prevention of Smuggling, further Provisions are made for proceeding against such Persons before Justices of the Peace: And Whereas it is expedient to extend the Provisions of the said recited Acts to all Persons who are not Subjects of His Majesty found within a certain Distance of any of the Dominions of His Majesty Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That every Person not being a Subject of His Majesty, who shall be found or taken on board, or discovered to have been on board any Ship, Vessel or Boat, within One League of any of the Dominions of His Majesty, such Ship, Vessel or Boat being liable to Forfeiture under any of the Provisions of the said recited Act passed in the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, or liable to Forfeiture under the Provisions of any other Act or Acts, for being found or having been at Anchor or hovering within any such Distances of any of the Dominions of His Majesty, with such Goods on board as subject such Ship, Vessel or Boat, or Goods, to Forfeiture, and who shall not prove that he was only a Passenger on board such Ship, Vessel or Boat 5 and every Person not being a Subject of His Majesty, found within One League of any of the Dominions of His Majesty aiding or assisting in unftiipping to be laid on Land, or found carrying or conveying, concealing or assisting in carrying away, conveying or concealing, any Foreign Brandy, Rum, Geneva or Spirits subject to Forfeiture under the said recited Act, or any Law or Act relating to the Revenue of Customs or Excise in the United Kingdom, shall forfeit for every such Offence either Treble the Value of the Goods that shall be found or taken from such Person or Persons, or the Sum of One hundred Pounds, at the Option and subject to the Election and Discretion of the Commissioners of Customs or Excise respectively who shall dire# any Prosecution or Suit to be commenced against any such Person 5 such Penalty of Treble the Value or of One hundred Pounds, as the case may be, to be recovered as any like Penalty may be recovered under any Act or Acts relating to the Revenue of Customs or Excise in the United Kingdom; and One half of every such Penalty of Treble the Value or of One hundred Pounds, shall go and be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons finding and taking and detaining such Person not being a Subject of His Majesty, or informing for the fame; and such Person shall also be liable to such other Punishment as may by any Law or Act oFParliament be inflicted on any such Offender 5 and it shall be lawful for any Officer or Officers of the Army, Navy, Marines, Customs, Excise or Smuggling Preventive Boat Service, and he and they is and are hereby authorized, empowered and required to stop, arrest and detain every such Person, not being a Subject of His Majesty, and to convey the said Person before One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace residing near to the Port or Place into which such Ship, Vessel or Boat shall be taken or carried, or near to the Place where any such Person shall be To taken or arrested; and it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices of the Peace before whom any such Person so arrested as aforesaid shall be carried, on the Confession of any such Person of any such Offence as aforesaid with which he may be charged in any Information or Complaint to be then and there laid or exhibited by any Officer of the Customs or Excise against him, or on Proof thereof on the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, to convict such Person in such Penalty respectively as aforesaid 5 and every such Person so convicted as aforesaid, shall immediately on such Conviction pay down into the Hands of such Officer the said Penalty in which be or (he shall be so convicted; and if any such Person or Persons so convicted shall not forthwith pay down the said Penalty, the said Justice or Justices shall, and he and they is and are hereby respectively authorized and required, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, to commit the Person so convicted as aforesaid to any Gaol or Prison or House of Correction until such Penalty shall be paid; and it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of the Customs or Excise in England, Scotland or Ireland respectively, and they are hereby required, in cases where any such Person has been so convicted and committed to Prison as aforesaid, to award to the Person so detaining any such Man or Men any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, for each Man so convicted and committed to Prison.

II. And Whereas by an Act made in the Fifty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for, amongst other things, making more effectual Provision for the Prevention of Smuggling, and rewarding Officers and Persons making Seizures and capturing Smuggling Vessels, certain Rewards were allowed and made payable on the Value at which the Goods, Wares or Merchandize therein mentioned, seized by any Officer or Officers, should be respectively estimated or fixed by the Commissioners of Customs or Excise respectively ordering and directing the Prosecution: And Whereas Doubts have arisen whether such Rewards allowed and made payable by the said last recited Act as aforesaid, repealed or took away the Rewards respectively granted and made payable by a certain Act made in the Twenty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for, amongst other things, amending several Laws relating to the Revenue of Customs; and by a certain other Act made in the Twenty ninth Year of the Heign of His present Majesty, for repealing the Duties on Tobacco and Snuff, and for granting new Duties in lieu thereof; and of another Act made in the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making more effectual Provision for the Prevention of Smuggling, for or in respect of the Seizure of any Vessel or Boat which by Law should be liable to be broken up after Condemna-

tion, and not be used in His Majesty's Service, or sold to be employed or used as a Privateer in the manner

14 4 therein

A.D. 1818. 58° GEORGII III. C. 76, 77.

therein mentioned, or which, on account of the Built, Construction, Denomination or Description thereof, should be liable to Forfeiture by any Act or Acts of Parliament to be broken up, and which at the time of the Seizure should be found in ballast or light, such Rewards being by the said Acts respectively made payable at and after certain Rates, according to the Tonnage of the Vessel or Boat Seized and condemned 5 and it is expedient to remove such Doubts Be it therefore declared and enacted, That the said Rewards so granted and made payable by the said Act made in the Fifty sixth Year aforesaid, do not repeal or take away, and shall not be deemed or construed to repeal or take away, the said Tonnage Rewards respectively granted by the said recited Acts of the Twenty eighth, Twenty ninth and Forty Seventh Years aforesaid 5 but that the said recited Tonnage Rewards respectively granted and made payable by the said last mentioned Acts shall be allowed, and payable and paid, in all cases to which the fame respectively apply, in the same manner as if the said recited Act of the Fifty sixth Year aforesaid, or a certain other Act made in the Fifty seventh Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, for the Amendment thereof, had not been made; any thing in the fame or any other Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And Whereas by an Act made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the First, for, amongst other things, repealing certain Duties therein mentioned, payable upon Tea imported, and for granting certain Inland Duties in lieu thereof, it was enacted, that if any Person or Persons should import or bring any Tea which ought to be secured in such Warehouse as therein aforesaid into Great Britain, and should not make due Entry thereof and bring the fame into such Warehouse, the fame should be and was thereby adjudged to be clandestinely run and unlawfully imported; And Whereas it is expedient, for the Prevention of the Smuggling of Tea, to impose further Penalties in that behalf* Be it therefore further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall import or bring into, or unship or land, in Great Britain, or within the Limits of any of the Ports thereof, any Tea which ought by Law to be entered with the proper Officers of Customs and Excise respectively, and shall not make due Entries thereof, so that the Duties of Customs and Excise granted and imposed in respect of Tea may be respectively secured and paid for and in respect thereof, all such Tea so imported, brought, unshipped or landed, shall be deemed and is hereby adjudged to be clandestinely run, and shall be forfeited, and shall and may be Seized by any Officer of Customs or Excise; and the Person or Persons so offending, or aiding or assisting therein, or removing, receiving, harbouring or concealing any run Tea, shall, for each and every such Offence, Severally forfeit and lose the Sum of Ten Pounds for every Pound Weight thereof, or the Sum of One hundred Pounds, at the Election of His Majesty's Attorney General, or the Person or Persons who shall Sue or prosecute for the fame 5 and no such Penalty shall be mitigated by any Justice or Justices below One fourth Part thereof; any thing in any other Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this Act, and also by the last mentioned Act made in the Fifty seventh Year aforesaid, shall be sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated by such Ways, Means or Methods a6 any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture may be sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster> or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively; and that, unless where otherwise Specially directed, One Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture shall be to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him, her or them who shall discover, inform or Sue for the fame. v

CAP. LXXVII.

An Act to repeal the Duty upon Rock Salt delivered for feeding or mixing with the Food of Cattle, and imposing another Duty, and making other Provisions in lieu thereof.

[5th June 1818.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Fifty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for altering and amending the Laws of Excise with respect to Salt and Rock Salt, it was enacted amongst other things, that for enabling Farmers to try the Effect of Salt in feeding Cattle, it should and might be lawful for any Owner or Proprietor of any Rock Salt Pit or Rock Salt Mine to fell and deliver from his, her or their Pit or Mine, or Warehouse or Storehouse adjoining thereto, such coarse and impure Rock Salt as should be approved of by the proper Officer of Excise appointed for inspecting the fame, in Lumps of not less Weight than Twenty Pounds each, to such Person and Persons, and in such Quantity and Quantities as should and might be granted by the Commissioners of Excise, for the Purpose of feeding or mixing with the Food of Sheep and Cattle, upon such Person or Persons paying Duty for the fame at and after the Rate of Five Shillings per Bushel, and so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity, and upon Bond being given to His Majesty by such Person or Persons, with fumcient Sureties to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, or the Person or Persons appointed to take such Bond, in the Penalty of Double the Amount of the Duty upon Rock Salt delivered for Home Consumption, that the whole of the Rock Salt so delivered should be used, spent, consumed and employed by him, her or them, in feeding or mixing with the Food of Sheep or Cattle, and in no other manner, and to and for no other Use or Purpose whatsoever: Provided, that no further Quantity of Rock Salt should be delivered as aforesaid to any Person or Persons for such Purpose as aforesaid, until the Bond and Bonds given by such Person or Persons on the Delivery of every prior Quantity should be satisfied and discharged; and further, that every such Bond should be satisfied and discharged, on a Certificate signed by the Person to whom such Rock Salt should have been delivered, and who thereupon should have given such Bond, his Executors, Administrators or Assigns, and delivered by him, her or them to the Collector in whose Collection he, she or they should reside, declaring the whole of such Rock Salt to have been used, spent,

employed

543

Rewards granted by 56 G. 3. c. 104. do not take away the Tonnage Rewards granted by

28 G. 3. c. 34.

29 G. 3. c. 68. 47 G. 3. c. 66.

10 G. 1. c. ic.

§ 27*

Tea unshipped in G. B. with, out due Entry forfeited, and Penalty.

Recovery and Application of Penalties.

57 G. 3. c. 49.

544

§ 4«.

The Caid Duty and Provisions repealed.

Rock Salt in Lumps not lcfs than aolb. may be delivered for feeding Cattle, &c. on Approbation of Officer and Payment of a Duty at the Rate of of is* 6d. per Bushel.

To be removed by Permit. Permit to be <*c" livered to neat eft Officer of Excise.

£Jo further Quantity of Salt ftiaU be delivered till Certificate be given. Such Certificate to be delivered to Colleger within One Month after Expiration of 12 Months from Delivery of Rock Salt, declaring that the Salt has been consumed in feeding Cattle, fice.

C. 77. 58° GEORGII III. A.D. 1818.

' employed and consumed in feeding or mixing with the Food of Sheep and Cattle, and in no other manner

and to and for no other Use or Purpose whatsoever, and specifying in what manner and Proportions the fame had been so used, what Description and Number of Sheep or Cattle had been fed therewith, on what

Lands and where situate* and what Benefits appeared to have resulted therefrom: Provided always that no 1 such Certificate should discharge any such Bond, unless such Collector as aforesaid should upon Inquiry

be satisfied of the Truth thereof, and of the several Matters therein stated, and underwrite the fame upon the fame Certificate; and that if any such Certificate as aforesaid should not be signed and delivered as

aforesaid to such Collector before the End of One Month after the Expiration of Twelve Months from the

Bond being given and Rock Salt delivered as aforesaid, or should in any respect be false, or any of the

Rock Salt delivered as aforesaid should be used, spent, employed or consumed in any other manner, to or

for any other Use or Purpose, than feeding or mixing with the Food of Sheep or Cattle, the Penalty of the

Bond given on the Delivery of any such Rock Sait should be forfeited and paid to His said Majesty; and further that nothing therein contained should extend or be deemed or construed to extend to prevent any Person or Persons felling or transferring any Quantity of the Lumps or Pieces of coarse and impure ' Rock Salt which he, she or they should or might receive for the Purpose of feeding or mixing with the

Food of Sheep or.Cattle, under any such Bond as aforesaid, provided the Consent and Approbation of the Commissioners of Excise to and of such Transfer and Delivery should be first had and obtained,

and such Bond and Security should be first given by the Person or Persons intending to receive the same as

hereinbefore mentioned, which Bond should be taken and accepted by the Collector aforesaid in discharge

dr part discharge of the Bond given on the First Delivery of such Rock Salt from the Mine or Pit, in the

Proportion and according to the Quantity in such subsequent Bond mentioned, and should be discharged by

such Certificate as aforesaid, or the Penalty thereof enforced in like nfenner as if the fame should have been

given on the First Delivery of such Rock Salt as aforesaid: And Whereas it is expedient to repeal the 1 Duty and Provisions hereinbefore recited, and impose another Duty, and make other Provisions in lieu

thereof j* Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in thi$.present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act the Duty and Provisions hereinbefore recited shall be and the same are hereby repealed, save and except in all cases relating to the recovering, allowing or paying any Arrears of the said Duty which may at that time remain unpaid, or to any Bond already given as aforesaid, or to any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures, relating to any Rock Salt, which shall have been delivered under the said Provisions respectively before the passing or this Act, to be accounted for as aforesaid.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act it shall and may be lawful for any Owner or Proprietor of any Rock Salt Pit or Rock Salt Mine to fell and deliver from his, her or their Rock Salt Pit or Mine, or Warehouse or Storehouse adjoining thereto, such coarse and impure Rock Salt as shall be approved of by the proper Officer of Excise appointed for inspeding the fame, in Lumps of not less Weight than Twenty Pounds each to such Person and Persons, and in such Quantity and Quantities as shall and may be granted by the Commissioners of Excise, for the Purpose of feeding or mixing with the Food of Sheep and Cattle, or steeping Seed or preserving Hay, or being employed as Manure for Land, upon such Person or Persons paying Duty for the fkme at and after the Rate of Two Shillings and Sixpence per Bushel, and so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity; such Rock Salt being accompanied, on its Removal from such Pit or Mine, or Warehouse or Storehouse, to the Place or Farm to which the fame is to be sent with a Permit, as required by Law for Duty paid Salt, expressing the Quantity and Quality thereof, and the Purposes for which the fame is removed and intended.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Person or Persons to or for whose Use such Rock Salt as aforesaid shall be sold or delivered as aforesaid, shall upon the Receipt of such Rock Salt, or within Two Days afterwards, deliver such Permit as aforesaid to the nearest Officer of Excise, and shall be and remain accountable for the whole of such Rock Salt being used, spent, consumed and employed by him, her or them in feeding or mixing with the Food of Sheep or Cattle, or steeping Seed or preserving Hay, or as Manure for Land, and in no other Way or manner, and to or for no other Use or Purpose whatsoever: Provided that no further Quantity of Rock Salt shall be delivered as aforesaid to any Person or Persons who shall have already received any such Rock Salt for any of such Purposes as aforesaid, until such Certificate be given by such Person or Persons in respect of such prior Quantity of Rock Sak as herein after mentioned,

IV. And be it further enacted, That every Person and Persons to whom any such Rock Salt shall be sold or delivered as aforesaid shall, before the End of One Month after the Expiration of Twelve Months from the Delivery thereof, give and deliver a Certificate, signed by such Person or Persons, his, her or their Executors, Administrators or Assigns, or Steward to the Collector of Excise in whose Collection he, she or they shall reside, declaring that the whole of such Rock Salt has been used, spent, employed and consumed in feeding or mixing with the Food of Sheep and Cattle, or in steeping Seed, or in preserving Hay, or as Manure For Land, or delivered over as hereafter mentioned, and in no other Way or manner, and to or for no other Use or Purpose whatsoever, and specifying in what manner and Proportions the fame has been so used, what Description or Number of Sheep and Cattle has been fed therewith, in what Way the fame has been used as Manure, on what Lands, where situated, and what Benefits appear to have resulted therefrom; and that if such Certificate as aforesaid shall not be signed and delivered within such time as aforesaid, or shall in any respect be false, or if any of the Rock Salt so delivered as aforesaid shall be used, spent, employed or consumed in any other Way or manner, or to or for any other Use or Purpose than as aforesaid, the Person

12 or

A.D. 1818. 58° GEORGII III. C. 77, 78. 545

or Per fob 8 so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of Forty Shillings per Bushel Penalty, of such Rock Salt so delivered as aforesaid, or One hundred Pounds, at the Election of His Majesty's Attorney General, or the Person or Persons who shall sue or prosecute for the fame 5 and that no such Penalty Mitigation of shall be mitigated by any Justice or Justices below One Fourth Part thereof, any thing in any other Act or p#iulty*

Acts to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that it shall and may be lawful to or for any Rock Salt may Person or Persons to whom or for whose Use any such Rock Salt shall be sold or delivered as aforesaid, to be removed to apply to the nearest Excise Office for, and for such Officer with the Approbation of the Commissioners of another Farm on Excise to grant such Permit or Permits as aforesaid for the further Removal of any Part of such Rock Salt Perralt# to any other Farm or Land in the Possession of the fame, or any other Person, for such Purposes only as aforesaid; and that thereupon the Person or Persons to whom such Rock Salt shall be removed and delivered,

shall within Two Days after the Receipt of such Rock Salt deliver such Permit as aforesaid to the nearest Officer of Excise, and shall be accountable and give such Certificate as aforesaid within such time as aforesaid for the Employment thereof, and be subject to the like Regulations and Penalties as aforesaid in all respects as if such Rock Salt had been delivered to him, her or them from the Rock Salt Pit or Rock Salt Mine from which the fame was produced, or the Warehouse or Storehouse adjoining thereto; and that such Delivery over of such Rock Salt shall be specified in the Certificate, and taken and accepted by such Collector as aforesaid in Part Discharge of the Account of the Person to whom such Rock Salt had been first delivered from such Mine, Pit, Warehouse or Storehouse as aforesaid.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said Duty hereby imposed shall be raided, levied, collected, reco- Duty how to be vered, accounted for, paid and applied in such and the like manner, and in or by any or either of the general le.v, cd and aP- or special Means, Ways or Methods by which the former Duty of Excise hereby repealed was or might be PWcd# raised, levied, collected, recovered, accounted for, paid or applied; and the Persons, Goods, Wares, Merchandize or Commodities by this Act respectively made liable to the Payment of or chargeable with the said Duty hereby imposed, shall be and the same are hereby made subject and liable to all and every the Conditions, Regulations, Rules, Restrictiona, Penalties and Forfeitures (except as hereby expressly altered) to which such Persons, Goods, Wares, Merchandize or Commodities were generally or specially subject and liable by the Ad hereinbefore recited, or by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force on or immediately before the passing of this Act, respecting the Duties of Excise.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this Act, shall be Pcc?c, 7nd sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated by such Ways, Means or Methods (except as hereby altered), as any p^iies!"1 Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture may oe sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated by any Law or Laws of Excise,

or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer iu Scotland, respectively; and that One Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture shall be to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him, her or them who shall discover, inform or sue for the same.

VII. And be it further enacted, That this Act or any of the Provisions thereof may be altered, varied or Ad miy be

repealed by any Ad to be made in this Session of Parliament, altered,c. this

Session.

CAP. LXXVffl.

49 0.3. c. 57. is-

An Act to make further Provision for the better securing the Collection of the Duties on Malt, and to amend the Laws relating to Brewers in Ireland.

[5th June 1818.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to provide for the better securing the CoHedion of the Duties on Malt,

and to amend the Laws relating to Brewers in Ireland; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Commencement of this Act, so much of an Act made in the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for improving the Quality of Beer in Ireland by further preventing the life of unmafted Com, or of atiy deleterious or unwholesome Ingredients therein; and for the better securing the Colie Sion of the Malt Duties in Ireland 5 as prohibits the Removal or Conveyance of any Malt into the Mih> Brewery or Ma(h Kieve of any Brewer or other Person therein mentioned, without Permit, or as relates to any such Permit, or Request Note or Requisition for any such Permit as therein mentioned, shall be and the lame is hereby repealed, save and except so far as may concern or relate to the prosecuting, suing for, recovering or repealed, levying any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture which shall or may have been or shall be incurred under the said Act before the Commencement of this Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Commencement of this Act no Malt shall at any time be removed or conveyed into the Mill, Brewery, or Ma(h Tun or Kieve of any licensed Brewer, without a Permit for the fame; and that the Brewer or Person applying for such Permit shall, in his, her or their Request Note or Requisition for obtaining the fame, date the Day and Hour of the Day in which such Brewer or Person intends to begin to malh or brew the Malt so to be removed, and the Day and Hour of the Day when the Liquor or Worts will be entirely drained off 5 and the Officer granting any such Permit shall insert such Particulars therein; and in case any Quantity of Malt ground or unground, whether in any Process of brewing or not, shall be found in the Mill, Brewery, Malh Tun or Kieve of such Brewer, and a Permit for so removing the fame into such Mill, Brewery, Ma(h Tun or Kieve, shall not on Demand of any Officer of Excise be produced, or Proof made to such Officer that such Permit had been granted for such Malt, and that such Permit was afterwards lost or mislaid; or if any such Malt shall be found in Process of brewing or maihing or wetting before the time specified in the Request Note or Requisition for such Permit,

58 Geo. III. 4 A or

No Malt removed into any Brewery, &c. without a Permit.

Request Note to contain certain Particulars.

If Malt found without such Permit, or found in Pro-eels of brewing, See. contrary thereto, Sec.

546

Penalty 50l. Permit to be delivered to Officer,

Penalty aol.

Specimen Papers are to be put up by Brewer in proper Places;

Penalty 50l. Before Delivery of Request Note Brewer to enter certain Particulars on Specimen Paper;

Penalty 50L If Malt found in Mafli Tun, &c. exceeding Quantity expressed in Permit, Excels forfeited, and Penalty aol.

Malt Grains not to be removed out of Malh Tun, ice. in any Town till One Hour, or Two Hours in any other Place, after time speci-Hed as herein mentioned.

If removed before time mentioned, to be previously examined by Officer; Penalty iool.

Grains found in MalhTun, &c. exceeding Quantity expressed in Permit, after De-duflion herein mentioned, Penalty aol.

Permit to ex-piefs Quantity t; l Malt as un-ground.

PrelTingMalt together, or preventing proper Guage,

Penalty aol. Brewers to deliver .u Excise

C. 78. 58° GEORGII III. A.D. 1818.

or in the Permit which shall be granted for the Removal of such Malt 5 or if the Liquor or Worts'shall not be entirely drained off at the time for that Purpose specified in such Request Note or Requisition and Permit, then in each and every such case such Brewer shall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds; and every such Permit shall from time to time be delivered by such Brewer, or his or her Servant, to the Surveyor or other Officer of Excise in Charge of the Brewery of such Brewer within Twelve Hours after the Expiration of the time for which such Permit shall be in force, or at any time within such Twelve Hours, on Demand thereof made by such Officer; and if such Permit shall not be delivered to such Officer accordingly, such Brewer shall forfeit for every Neglect the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

III. And be it further enacted, That Papers called Specimen Papers shall be provided and furnished to every such Brewer by any Officer of Excise in Charge of such Brewery from time to time as shall be requisite, in order that every Officer of Excise may enter thereon his Visit at such Brewery, and the Gauges depending oh such Visit 5 and every such Brewer who shall from time to time be furnished with any such Specimen Paper shall cause the same to be fixed on a Board conveniently made for that Purpose, and to be hung or put up in some public and conspicuous Place in the Brewhouse, or that Part of the Brewery wherein the Malh Tun or Kieve shall be kept, and shall preserve and keep the fame so put up in such Place and in such manner that any Officer of Excise visiting such Brewery may view such Specimen Paper, and make Entries therein $ &nd if any such Brewer shall not put up or keep and preserve such Specimen Paper in manner herein directed, unavoidable Accident excepted, Proof whereof shall lie on the Brewer, every such Brewer shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

IV. And be it further enacted, That every Brewer shall, before the Delivery of any Request Note or Requisition for any Permit for the Removal of any such Malt as aforesaid, enter or cause to be entered in Writing in the said Specimen Paper the Date of such Request Note or Requisition, and the Number of Barrels of Malt which such Brewer intends to malh or brew, and the Day and Hour of the Day on which such Brewer intends to begin to maffi or brew such Malt, and the Day and Hour of the Day when the Liquor or Worts will be entirely off; and if any Brewer shall not make or cause to be made such Entries, or any and every of them, in tnc said Specimen Paper, every such Brewer shall for every such default or Omission forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

V. And be it further enacted, That whenever there shall be found in any Mash Tun or Kieve of any Brewer any Quantity of dry Malt ground or bruised, which, by the Gauge thereof taken by any Officer of Excise in such Maffi Tun or Kieve, shall exceed the Quantity expressed in the Permit which shall have been granted for the Removal of such Malt when unground into such Maffi Tun or Kieve, above the Rate or beyond the Proportion of Six Barrels of such ground or bruised Malt for every Five Barrels of such unground Malt so permitted, and so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity, then and in every such case all such excess Quantity of ground or bruised Malt shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer of Excise, and the Brewer in whose Maffi Tun or Kieve such Excess shall be found shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful to remove the Grains of any Malt out of the Maffi Tun or Kieve in any Brewery situate in any City or Town until after the Expiration of One Hour, nor in any Brewery situate in any other Place in Ireland until after the Expiration of Two Hours next after the time which shall be specified, pursuant to the Provisions of this Act, in the Request Note or Requisition and Permit for such Malt, as the Hour when the Liquor or Worts shall be entirely drained off, in order that the Officer of Excise may examine and gauge the fame in a drained State in such Maffi Tun or Kieve; and all such Grains shall be suffered during the Space of such Hour or Two Hours respectively, or until such time within the said Hour or Two Hours respectively as the same shall be examined and gauged, to remain and shall be kept in such Maffi Tun or Kieve in an undisturbed State 5 and if the Grains of any Quantity of Malt which shall have been maffied or brewed shall be removed out of the Maffi Tun or Kieve before the Expiration of such One Hour or Two Hours respectively, unless the same shall be examined and gauged by the Officer, or if any Grains of any Malt, after the same shall have been maffied or brewed, shall not be kept during the said Hour or Two Hours respectively in an undisturbed State, as hereinbefore directed, unless the same shall be so examined and gauged, then and in every such case every such Brewer shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

VII. And be it further enacted, That whenever there shall be found in the Maffi Tun or Kieve of any Brewer the Grains of any Quantity of Malt after the same shall have been maffied or brewed, and the Worts of Liquor drained off, and that the Quantity of such Grains shall, by the Gauge thereof taken by any Officer of Excise in such drained State, exceed the Quantity expressed in the Permit which shall have been granted for the Removal of such Malt into such Maffi Tun or Kieve, after making a Deduction in the Proportion of One Barrel for every Twenty five Barrels of the Quantity of unground Malt expressed in the Permit, then and in every such case the said Brewer shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act it shall not be lawful for any Officer of Excise to grant any Permit for the Removal of any Malt, unless such Permit shall express the Quantity of Malt as unground, and not in a ground or bruised State.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any Malt ground or bruised, whether in a dry State or maffiing or maffied, or if the Grains of any ground Malt after being maffied shall be trodden, pressed or otherwise forced together in the Maffi Tun or Kieve of any Brewer, or if any other Means or Contrivance shall be used so as to prevent a true and proper Gauge being taken thereof, then and in every such case every such Brewer shall for each and every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

X. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall be licensed as a Brewer in Ireland at the time of the Commencement of this Act, shall and is hereby required, within One Calendar Month next after the

Commence-

A.D. 1818. 58° GEORGII III. Q78. 547

Commencement of this Act, to deliver or cause to be delivered, at the Excise Office of the District ill which office an Ac-the Brewer)' of such Brewer shall be situate, an Account in Writing under his or her Hand, or under the count of Dimen-Hand of some Person for whom such Brewer shall be responsible, setting forth the true Length, Breadth, fion8 of Marti Depth and Area of each and every Marti Tun or Kieve of such Brewer, and the Number of Barrels of dry Jun*»*c-Malt ground which each such Marti Tun or Kieve is capable of martiing or brewing; and in default of de- en* ty' livering such Account, or causing such Account to be delivered within the time aforesaid, or if any false or untrue Account of any of the Particulars aforesaid shall be delivered, every such Brewer shall in every such case forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and every Marti Tun or Kieve of which such Account shall not be so delivered, or of which any false or untrue Account shall be delivered, shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer of Excise.

XI. And be it further enacted, That before any Licence shall be granted to any Brewer at any time after Before obtaining the Commencement of this Act, every such Brewer shall, in the Entry or Registry which such Brewer is by Licence, Brewer Law required to make previous to obtaining a Licence, in addition to the Matters by Law directed to be

inserted therein, set forth the true Length, Breadth, Depth and Area of each and every Mash Tun or Kieve menfionfof*

belonging to such Brewer, and the Number of Barrels of dry Malt ground which each such Kieve is capable Mash Tuns, fcc,

of martiing or brewing 5 and in default of setting forth such Particulars, or any and every of them in such

Entry or Registry, such Licence shall not be granted to such Person; and if any of such Particulars shall be

falsely or untruly stated or set forth in any such Entry or Registry, the Brewer by or on whose behalf the fame shall have been made shall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds for every such Offence; and every Mash Penalty 50l.

Kieve, in the Entry or Registry whereof any of the Particulars aforesaid shall be falsely or untruly stated or

set forth, shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer of Excise.

XII. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited Act of the Forty ninth Year aforesaid 49G-3 c. 57. as relates to any Brewer or other Person making or professing to make Ale, Beer, Porter or Small Beer, $ l % m having in his or her Brewery, or in any Part of the Premises connected therewith, any raw or unmalted Corn

ground or bruised, and also so much of an Act made in the Fifty third Year of His said Majesty's Reign, 53 G.3 c. 74 intituled An Act to provide for the better 'Collection of the Duty on Malt made in Ireland, as declares it unlawful § IO-for any Brewer to have in his or her Brewery, or in any Part of the Premises connected therewith, any raw or unmalted Corn or Grain ground or bruised, mixed or unmixed with any malted Corn or Grain; and also so much of an Act made in the Fifty fourth Year of His said Majesty's Reign, intituled An, A3 to amend a, d 54 G. 3. several Acts relating to the Revenues, matters and things under the Management of the Commissioners of Customs c. ixo. §8. and Port Duties, and of the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, as declares it unlawful for repealed, any Brewer to have in his or her Brewery, or any Part of the Premises connected with his or her Brewery, any raw or unmalted Kiln dried Barley or Bere, mixed or unmixed with any other Corn or Grain malted or unmalted; and also so much of the said several Acts or any of them as imposes any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture touching any of the Matters aforesaid, or as relates to the annulling of any Licence to any Brewer or other Person aforesaid, shall from and after the Commencement of this Act cease and determine, and shall be, and the fame is and are hereby repealed, save and except so far as may concern the prosecuting, suing for, levying or collecting any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture which shall or maybe incurred under the said Acts or any of them on or before the Commencement of this Act; all which Suits, Matters and other Proceedings shall and may be proceeded in and had to all Intents and Purposes as if the said hereinbefore recited Provisions had not been repealed in manner aforesaid.

XIII. And for the better preventing the Use of raw or unmalted Corn by Brewers in Ireland, be it further or unmalt-

/enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Brewer to have in his or her Brewery, or in any Part of the Corn or

Premises connected with such Brewery, any raw or unmalted Corn or Grain tfhatsoever, either whole or

junground or ground or bruised 5 and that all raw or unmalted Corn or Grain, whether whole or unground or Brewery for-ground or bruised, which shall be found in such Brewery or Premises, and all malted Corn or Grain, whether feited, &c. to whole or unground or ground or bruised, with which such raw unmalted Corn or Grain may have been mixed, |ether with shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer of Excise, together with all Sacks, Vessels or Packages in which such raw or unmalted Corn or Grain shall or may be contained, or in which such raw or unmalted 0*c*

Corn or Grain, and the malted Corn or Grain with which such raw or unmalted Corn or Grain may or shall have been mixed, shall or may be contained; and all Horses or other Beasts of Burthen, Carts, Drays and other Carriages, which shall be found conveying, drawing, bearing or carrying any such Corn or Grain respectively, shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise 5 and every such Brewer First Offence shall for the First Offence forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and for the Second and every subsequentooL subsequent Offence the Sum of Five hundred Pounds. Offence 500L

XIV. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited Act of the Forty ninth Year of His 49 G. 3. c. 57. present Majesty's Reign as prohibits any Brewer or other Person in Ireland from using any Sugar Water, 5 x3»

Distillers* Spent Warti, Sugar, Molasses, Vitriol, Quaffia, Coculus Indicus, Grains of Paradise, Guinea Pepper, reP«al«d* Opium or any Ingredient whatsoever which shall possess any deleterious or unwholesome Quality, in the

making or brewing any Beer, Porter, Ale or Small Beer; and also as imposes any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture touching or concerning any of the Matters aforesaid; and also so much of the said Act as provides that nothing therein contained shall be construed to prevent any Porter Brewer from using any Article known by the Name of Colouring, made or prepared from burnt Sugar only, and reduced to a bitter Liquid by the Infusion of Water; and also so much of the said Act as imposes any Penalty or Forfeiture on any Brewer using in the brewing of any Beer, Porter, Ale or Small Beer, any Extract from Sugar not of the aforesaid Description, or any Colouring possessing any deleterious or unwholesome Quality, mall from and after the Commencement of this Act be and the fame is hereby repealed, save and except so far as may concern the

4 A 2 prosecuting,

548 C. 78.

58° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1818.

No Licence granted to Brewer, unless he enters into Bond, conditioned not to use any raw or un-maked Corn in making Worts, or receive or use any Preparation except Brown Malt, Jfcc.

No such Licence granted, unless the Party take and subscribe the following Affidavit.

Formof

Affidavit

Bond and Affidavit to be in

prosecuting, 'firing for, levying or recovering any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture which shall or may be incurred und^r the said A d on or before Commencement of this Act; all which Suita, Matters and other Proceedings shall and may be proceeded on and had, to all Intents and Purposes as if the said hereinbefore recited Provision 8 had not been repealed in manner aforesaid.

XV. And for the further preventing of the Use of raw or unmalted Corn, and of any deleterious or

unwholesome Ingiedients by Brewers in Ireland, be it enacted, That from and after the Commencement of this A A no Licence shall be granted to any Person or Persons in Ireland to brew Strong Beer, Porter or Ale, or Small Beer for Sale, unless such Person or Persons shall have first entered into a Bond to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, in the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with Two sufficient Sureties in the Sum of One hundred Pounds each, to be approved of by the Person empowered by Law to grant such Licence, conditioned that such Brewer or Brewers shall not use any raw or unmalted Corn in the brewing or making of any Worts, Beer, Ale or Porter, nor shall receive or take into or have in his, her or their Custody, Power or Possession, nor make or use or mix with or put into any Worts, Beer, Ale or Porter, nor shall receive or take into or have in his, her or their Custody, Power or Posseflibn, nor make or use or mix with or put into any Worts, Beer, Ale or Porter for the Purpose of darkening the Colour of such Worts, Beer, Ale or Porter, any Liquor, Extrad, Calx, or other Material or Preparation, other than Brown Malt ground or unground, as commonly used in brewing, nor shall receive or take into or have in his, her or their Custody, Power or possession, or use or mix with or put into any Worts, Beer, Ale or Porter, any Sugar Water, Distillers* Spent Wash, Sugar, Molasses, Honey, Liquorice, Vitriol, Quaflia, Coculus India, Grains of Paradise, Guinea Pepper, Opium, Gentian, Callamu's or Liquorice Root, or any Extract or Preparation of Sugar Water, Distillers, Spent Wash, Sugar, Molasses, Honey, Liquorice, Vitriol, Quaflia, Coculus India, Grains of Paradise, Guinea Pepper, Opium, Gentian, Gallamus or Liquorice Root, or any Article or Preparation whatsoever, for or as a Substitute for Malt or Hops, or any Ingredient whatsoever which shall possess any deleterious or unwholesome Quality 5 and further conditioned that such Person or Persons shall not let out to Hire or lend any Brewhouse, Brewing Pan or Utensil for brewing or making any Worts, Beer, Ale or Porter, or suffer any Person to use the Brewhouse of such Person or Persons, or any Brewing Pan or Utensil for brewing therein.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Commencement of this Act no Licence shall be granted to- any Person or Persons in Ireland to brew Strong Beer, Porter or Ale, or Small Beer for Sale, unless and until the Person or Persons to whom or in whose behalf such Licence shall be required, or some one of them, being the acting Partner or Person concerned in the Brewery for which such such Licence shall be required, shall sign and make an Affidavit, or (being a Quaker or Quakers) a solemn Affirmation before the Collector of Excise or other Officer in Charge of the CoUe&ion of the District in which such Brewery shall be situate, or before such other Officer or Person as the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or any Three of them, shall appoint to administer the same; and every such Collector, Officer or other Person respectively, is hereby authorized and required to administer such Affidavit or Affirmation in the Form or to the Effect following 5 (that is to say, )

I A.B. on whose behalf and for whose Use [together with C.D. et cetera, if there be Two or more

Partners] a Licence is required to brew Strong Beer, Porter or Ale, or Small Beer for Sale [<w the

case may he], at in the county of .[or City or Town, as the

case may her] of do hereby solemnly swear [or affirm], That I will not dirediy

or indirectly cause or permit or suffer, or be party or privy to the causing, permitting or suffering, any raw

Corn whatever, or any malted Corn which had not been duly charged with the Duty on Malt, or any Sugar

Water, Distillers* Spent Wash, Sugar, Molasses, Honey, Liquorice, Vitriol, Quaflia, Coculus India, Grains of Paradise, Guinea Pepper, Opium, Gentian, Callamus or Liquorice Root, or any Extract or

Preparation of Sugar Water, Distillers' Spent Wash, Sugar, Molasses, Honey, Liquorice, Vitriol, Quaflih, Coculus India, Grains of Paradise, Guinea Pepper, Opium, Gentian, Callamus or Liquorice Root, or any Article or Preparation whatever, for or as a Substitute for Malt or Hops, or any Ingredient whatever which shall possess any deleterious or unwholesome Ingredient, to be used in the brewing or making of any Worts, i Beer, Ale or Porter, or in the making or preparing any Liquor to imitate or to resemble, or to be mixed

with, or be used, sold or disposed of or delivered as or for Beer, Ale or Porter; and that I will not fell, dispose of, fend or deliver, or cause to be sold, disposed of, sent or delivered to any Person or Persons whatsoever, as or for Beer, Ale or Porter, any Liquor made or prepared from any raw Corn, or from any malted Corn which had not been duly charged with the Duty on Malt, or in the making whereof any such raw Corn or any malted Corn which had not been charged with the Duty on Malt, or any Sugar Water, 1 Distillers* Spent Wash, Sugar, Molasses, Honey, Liquorice, Vitriol, Quaflia, Coculus India, Grains of Paradise, Guinea Pepper, Opium, Gentian, Callamus or Liquorice Root, or any other Ingredient whatsoever which shall possess any deleterious or unwholesome Quality, shall have been any way used; and that I will not

cause, or permit or suffer, or be party or privy to the causing, permitting or suffering, any raw or unmalted

Corn ground or bruised, or any Sugar Water, Distillers* Spent Wash, Sugar, Molasses, Honey, Liquorice, Vitriol, Quaflia, Coculus India, Grains of Paradise, Guinea Pepper, Opium, Gentian, Callamus, or Li-

quorice Root, to be brought into or kept in the said Brewery or Premises connected therewith; and I do

hereby also solemnly swear [or affirm] that no other Person or Persons is or are concerned or engaged in the said Brewery with me [except the said C.D. et cetera] [as the case may he], [So help me GOD.*

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Bond, Affidavit or Affirmation respectively hereinbefore required and set forth, shall be in lieu and instead of any Bond, Affidavit, Oath or Affimation required by

any

A.D. 1818.

58° GEORGII III. C. 78. 549

any former Act or Aft8 in force in Ireland, to be entered into or made by any Brewer in Ireland; and if any Licence to brew for Sale any Strong Been Porter, Ale or Small Beer, shall be granted to any Person or Persons by or on whole behalf such Affidavit, Oath or Affirmation shall not have been made, or if any Person or Persons, other than such as shall be specified in such Affidavit, Oath or Affirmation, shall be concerned or engaged as a Partner or Partners in the Brewery for which such Licence shall be granted, such Licence shall be forfeited, and shall be and become null and void.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Brewer or Brewers of, or Dealer or Dealers in, or Retailer or Retailers of Beer, Ale or Porter in Ireland, shall at any time after the Commencement of this Act receive or take into, or have in his, her or their Custody, Power or Possession, or make or use or mix with or put into any Worts, Beer, Ale or Porter, any Liquor, Extract, Calx, or other Material or Preparation, for the Purpose of darkening the Colour of Worts, Beer, Ale or Porter, other than Brown Malt, ground or unground, as commonly used in Brewing; or shall receive or take into or have in his, her or their Custody, Power or Possession, or use or mix with or put into any Worts, Beer, Ale or Porter, any Sugar Water, Distillers* Spent Wash, Sugar, Molasses, Honey, Liquorice, Vitriol, Quaffia, Coculus Indiae, Grains of Paradise, Guinea Pepper, Opium, Gentian, Callamus or Liquorice Root, or any Extract or Preparation of Sugar Water, Drillers' Spent Wash, Sugar, Molasses, Honey, Liquorice, Vitriol, Quaffia, Coculus Indiae, Grains of Paradise, Guinea Pepper, Opium, Gentian, Callamus or Liquorice Root; or shall receive or take into or have in his, her or their Custody, Power or Possession, or use or mix with or put into any Worts, Beer, Ale or Porter, any Article or Preparation whatsoever for or as a Substitute for Malt or Hops, or any Ingredient whatsoever which shall possess any deleterious or unwholesome Quality; all such Liquor,

respectively, together

every Calk or Vessel or other Package containing the fame, shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Customs or Excise 5 and such Brewer or Brewers, Dealer or Dealers in, or Retailer or Retailers of Beer, Ale or Porter, so offending as aforesaid, shall for each and every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Druggist or Chymist, or Vender or Dealer in Drugs, or other Person or Persons whatsoever in Ireland, shall at any time after the Commencement of this Act fell or fend or deliver, or cause or procure, permit or suffer to be sold or sent or delivered, to any Brewer or Brewers of Beer, Ale or Porter for Sale, or to any Dealer or Dealers in, or Retailer or Retailers of Beer, Ale or Porter, knowing him, her or them to be such Brewer or Brewers, Dealer or Dealers, or Retailer or Retailers, or to be reputed so to be; or shall fell or fend or deliver, or cause or procure to be sold or sent or delivered to any other Person or Persons, for or on account of, or in Trust for, or for the Use-of any such Brewer or Brewers, or Dealer or Dealers, or Retailer or Retailers of Beer, Ale or Porter, any Liquor called or known by the Name or Description of or sold as Colouring, from whatever Material or Materials the fame may have been made, or any other Material or Preparation other than unground Brown Malt, for the Purpose of darkening the Colour of Worts, Beer, Ale or Porter, or any Sugar Water, Distillers* Spent Wash, Sugar, Molasses, Honey, Liquorice, Vitriol, Quaffia, Coculus Indiae, Grains of Paradise, Guinea Pepper, Opium, Gentian, Callamus or Liquorice Root, or any Extract or Preparation of Sugar Water, Distiller8, Spent Wash, Sugar, Molasses, Honey, Liquorice, Vitriol, Quaffia, Coculus Indiae, Grains of Paradise, Guinea Pepper, Opium, Gentian, Callamus or Liquorice Root, or any Article or Preparation to be used in Worts, Beer, Ale or Porter, for or as a Substitute for Malt or Hops respectively, or any Ingredient whatsoever which shall possess any deleterious or unwholesome Quality 5 all such Liquor called or known by the Name or Description of or sold as Colouring, and every Material or Preparation for the Purpose aforesaid, atad every Liquor and Preparation to be used for or in the darkening the Colour of Worts, Beer, Ale or Porter, other than unground Brown Malt, and any Sugar Water, Distillers* Spent Walh, Sugar, Molasses, Honey, Liquorice, Vitriol, Quaffia, Coculus Indiae, Grains of Paradise, Guinea Pepper, Opium, Gentian, Callamus, Liquorice Root, and any Extract or Preparation of Sugar Water, Distillers* Spent Wash, Sugar, Molasses, Honey, Liquorice, Vitriol, Quaffia, Coculus Indiae, Grains of Paradise, Guinea Pepper, Opium, Gentian, Callamus and Liquorice Root, and any Article or Preparation to be used for or as a Substitute for Malt or Hops, shall be forfeited, and the fame respectively shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Customs or Excise; and the Druggist or Druggists, Vender or Venders of or Dealer or Dealers in Drugs, or Chymist or Chymists, or other Person or Persons whatever so offending, shall for each and every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds.

XX. And be it further enacted, That if any Officer of Excise or his Assistants shall be hindered, obstructed or prevented by any Brewer, or by any Servant or Person acting in the Employment of such Brewer, from gauging and taking an Account of any Ma(h Tun or Kieve, or of any Malt or any Grains of any Malt, or from examining any Beer, Ale or Porter in the Brewery or Premises of such Brewer, or from performing any Part of the Duty of such Officer, in the Execution of this Act, or of any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland respecting Brewers, every such Brewer for every such Offence shall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That to every Store, Loft or other Place belonging to any Brewery, which Store, Loft or Place shall be used for keeping Malt, there shall be kept Stairs or Steps sufficient to enable any Officer of Excise wh<f shall enter such Brewery at all times to have convenient and easy Access to the several Lofts, Stores, Floors or other Places belonging to such Brewery, and to every Ma(h Tun or Kieve belonging to such Brewery 5 and every such Officer shall on Demand at such Brewery be furnished with Lights sufficient to enable him to view, gauge and take an Account of every Ma(h Tun or Kieve, and of .all

Malt

lieu of those required by former Acts. In what case* Licences void.

Brewers uiing or receiving improper Mixtures, as herein specified;

Penalty aooL

Druggist, &c. vending to or on account of Brewers, See. such Mixtures as herein deferred;

Penalty 500l.

Obstruction

Officers;

Penalty 50L Stores, Sec. for keeping M^lt to have Stairs, and Officer to be furnished with Lights to take an Account of Ma(h Tun, &c.

550

Penalty 2o\.

Brewer to fur-nifti Officer with Persons and Implements to level Malt, &c.

Penalty ool. Former Acts extended to this Act.

Corn making into M»lt, and not having been put on the Kiln within 18 Days, charged with Duty.

Penalty 20l. Recovery and Application of Penalties.

Irish Act,

14 & 15 C.».

46 G. 3. c. 106.

[Commencement of Act.]

54 G. 3. c. 8a. §15«

repealed, and the said matters to be performed by the Collectors of Excise.

Regulations for delivering by Auctioneers, of

0. 78, 79. 58° GEORGII III. A.D. 1818.

Malt and Grains in such Brewery, and to view and examine all Beer, Ale or Porter in such Brewery, and in every Floor, Loft, Store or other Place therein; and for every Neglect or Default in either of the said cases such Brewer shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Brewer shall refuse or neglect to furoifh any Officer of Excise, on Demand made by such Officer, with a sufficient Number of Persons provided with Shovels or other sufficient Instruments for levelling all Malt to be gauged by such Officer, or shall neglect or refuse to cause such Persons to level the fame, or to leave sufficient Head Room or Space between the Ceiling or Roof of any Store or Room and the Surface of the Malt therein, so as to enable such Officer to* take a correct Gauge thereof with Convenience, every such Brewer shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That all Powers, Clauses, Provisions, Rules and Regulations contained in any Act or Acts relating to Brewers in force in Ireland at or immediately before the Commencement of this Act, and not expressly altered or repealed by this Act, shall be applied and put in Practice in the Execution of this Act as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the said Clauses, Provisions, Rules and Regulations were repeated and re-enacted in this Act; and the said Acts and this Act shall be construed together as one Act, so far as the same are confident and compatible with each other.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That in every case where it shall appear by the Stock Account kept by any Officer of Excise in Charge of the Malthouse of any Maltster or Maker of Malt in Ireland, that any Corn or Grain making into Malt shall not have been put on the Kiln within Eighteen Days from the Day mentioned in the Notice for the Wetting thereof, and entered in such Stock Account as the Day of the Wetting thereof, such Corn or Grain shall be considered as Malt; and the Maltster or Maker of Malt in whose Malthouse such Corn or Grain shall be found, shall be charged with Duty for the fame after the Rate of One Bushel of Malt for every Bushel of such Corn or Grain, and such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures under this Act shall be paid and payable in British Currency, and shall be sued for, recovered and applied in the same manner, and under such Powers and Authorities, and by such Ways and Methods, and according to such Rules and Directions, as are appointed, directed and expressed for the Recovery of any Penalties or Forfeitures in and by an Act made in Ireland in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled An Act for the settling the Excise or new Impojl upon His Majesty> His Heirs and Succefors, according to the Book of Rates therein inserted; or in and by an Act made in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to provide for the better Execution of the fevered Acts relating to the Revenues, matters and things under the Management of the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, and of the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland; or in and by any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland, relating to the Revenues of Customs and Excise, or either of them, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the fame were herein expressed and enacted, with the like Remedy of Appeal to and for the Party or Parties aggrieved as in and by the said recited Act made in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, or any other Act or Acts as aforesaid, is provided.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and take Effect from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eighteen,

CAP. LXXIXf

An Act to amend an Act of the Fifty fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for granting Duties on Auctions in Ireland.

[5th June 1818.]

WHEREAS in and by an Act made in the Fifty fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled i An Act to grant to His Majesty Duties upon Auctions in Ireland, in lieu of former Duties thereon, and

to provide for the regulating and securing the Collcdion of the said Duties, and to prevent Frauds therein;

1 certain Catalogues, Declarations, Accounts, Notices and Returns are required to be delivered by Auctioneers 1 at the Office of the Examinator of Auction Duties in Dublin, and certain Oaths are required to be made

before such Examinator, and such Examinator is authorized to administer such Oaths, and such Examinator is 1 required to rectify Errors in the Amount of Duty chargeable on Auctioneers, and to make certain Allowances

to the Owners of Estates or Effects put up to Sale by Auction, and certain other matters and things are

required to be done by or at the Office of such Examinator; and it is expedient that so much of the said recited Act as relates to the said Examinator, or to the Duties of his Office, should be repealed; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, all Clauses, Powers, Provisoes, Rules, Regulations and Directions contained in the said recited Act, so far as the same relate to the Examinator of the Auction Duty or Duties, and all matters and things required by the said Act to be done by such Examinator, or by any Auctioneer or other Person with reference to such Examinator, or at the Office of such Examinator, shall be and the same are hereby repealed; and that from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, all Acts, matters and things by the said Act authorized or required to be done by the said Examinator, or at the Office of the said Examinator in Dublin, shall be done by the several Collectors of Excise for the County of Dublin, and for the City of Dublin, within their several Jurisdiction8, as the case may require, or at the Office of such Collectors, except where any other special Provision is made by this Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That every Auctioneer within any Part of the District of the Metropolis of Dublin, or within Six Miles of the Castle of Dublin, shall and he is hereby required to deliver all and every

12 Catalogue,

A.D. 1818. 58° GEORGII III. C. 79.

Catalogue, Account and other Document of each and every Sale, intended to be held or which shall be held by him within any Part of the District of the Metropolis of Dublin, or in any Place within Six Miles of the Castle of Dublin, to the Collector of Excise for the City of Dublin, who shall be deemed and taken to all Intents and Purposes, with respect to such Sales, to be the Collector of the District within which such Sale shall be had or intended to be had, within the Meaning of the said recited Act and this Act, and every such Auctioneer shall pay the Duty on every such Sale to such Collector; and every Auctioneer in any other Part of the District of Dublin, not being within the District of the Metropolis of Dublin, or within Six Miles of the Castle of Dublin, shall and he is hereby required to deliver all and every Catalogue, Account and other Document of each and every Sale intended to be held or which shall be held by him in any Place within the District of the Excise Office of Dublin, not being within the District of the Metropolis of Dublin, or within Six Miles of the Castle of Dublin, to the Collector of Excise for the County of Dublin, who shall be deemed and taken to all Intents and Purposes, with respect to such Sales, to be the Collector of the District within which such Sale shall be had or be intended to be had, within the Meaning of the said recited Act and this Act, and every such Auctioneer shall pay the Duty on every, such Sale to such Collector.

III. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where the real Owner of any Estate, Goods, Chattels or Effects put up to Sale by way of Auction in Ireland shall be the real Purchaser by means of his own Bidding or the Bidding of any Person on his behalf or for his Use at such Sale, .then and in every such case it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, on Proof thereof being made to the Satisfaction of them or any Three of them, to order an Allowance to be made to the Owner of such Estate, Goods, Chattels or Effects of the Duties arising under any Act or Acts in force in Ireland upon such Bidding or Sale.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Error shall be discovered in any Charge of Duty against any Auctioneer by charging such Auctioneer with a greater Amount of Duty than ought to have been charged against such Auctioneer, it shall and may be lawful fov him to make his Complaint within Six Calendar Months next after the Error shall have been discovered to the Commissioners of Inland Excise apd Taxes in Ireland, who are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine such Complaint, and upon Proof thereof to relieve the Party so complaining fromfo much of the Duty as shall appear to have been overcharged; and if such Duty shall have been paid, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners to repay the fame; and in case it shall be discovered that any Error has been committed by charging any Auctioneer with a less Amount of Duty than ought to have been charged, it shall and may be lawful for the Officer who shall have discovered such Error, and he is hereby required, to rectify the same as speedily as may be convenient, and to report the same to the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, who are hereby required to give Notice to such Auctioneer of the Amount of the Deficiency of the Duty in consequence of such Error 5 and if such Auctioneer shall not within One Calendar Month after such Notice shew sufficient Cause to such Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes why he should not be charged with and pay such Deficiency, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners to order a Return to be made by such Officer or by any other Officer to the Office of the Collector of Excise of the District in which the erroneous Charge was returned, and the Duty specified in the Return of such Officer shall be a Surcharge on such Auctioneer; and if such Auctioneer shall not on Demand, or within Ten Days next after, pay the full Amount of such Duties so surcharged, such Auctioneer shall forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds, together with a Sum equal to Double the Amount of the Duty which shall be so surcharged; provided that no such Return shall be a Surcharge on any Auctioneer, tinless it shall have been made, and the Amount demanded, within Six Calendar Months after the Discovery of the Error.

V. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall exercise the Trade or Business of an Auctioneer in Ireland shall. Two Days at the least before the Commencement of any Sale by way of Auction, deliver or cause to be delivered to the Surveyor or Gauger of the Walk in which such Sale is intended to be held, a written or printed Notice, signed by such Auctioneer or by his known Clerk in his behalf, setting forth, the particular Place where such Sale is intended to be held, and the Day and Hour when the fame is to begin; and if any Auctioneer shall fell or put up to Sale by way of Auction any Estate, Goods, Chattels or Effects, without having delivered or caused to have been delivered such Notice as aforesaid, every such Auctioneer shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any Auctioneer who shall fell by Auction any Goods distrained for Non Payment of Rent, shall at such Auction fell any Goods which were not so distrained for Rent, or shall fell more of the Goods so distrained than shall be necessary to be sold to discharge the Arrear of Rent for which the Distress bad been made, together with the Costs and Expence6 attending the Distress and Sale, such Auctioneer shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, or any Three of them, in their Discretion to revoke any Licence to any Person to fell by Auction, in case such Person so licensed shall have committed any Fraud or Offence against the said recited Act'or this Act which shall subject such Person to a Penalty of Twenty Pounds or upwards; and it shall and may also be lawful for the said Commissioners or any Three of them to prohibit the' issuing or granting a Licence to fell by Auction to any Person who shall have been so convicted; and if any Person whole Licence shall have been so revoked, on whom a Notice shall have been served of such Licence being revoked, signed by such Commissioners or any Three of them, shall vend, sell or put up to Sale any Estate, Goods, Chattels or Effects by way of Auction, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

551

Catalogues and

Accounts of Sales to the Col* left or of Excise and paying (ho Duty.

Allowance to Owners buying their own Estates, &c.

Errors in Charge of Duty to be made known to Commissioners. Relief.

Auctioneers to be charged with any Deficiency of*Duty when discovered.

Not paying the fame on Notice, Penalty.

[Proviso.]

Two Days' Notice of Sale to be delivered to S urveyor, See. by Auctioneer, Penalty aoL

Auctioneer felling Goods not distrained with Goods taken in Distress, &c. Penalty act. Commissioners may revoke Licences to Auctioneers committing certain Offences.

Selling by Auction after Licence revoked, Penalty 50l.

Collector, See. may distrain Goods of Auctioneer for Payment of Duty.

Powers of former Acts for securing the Duty on Auctions, extended to this Act.

Recovery and Application of Penalties.

Irish Ad,

14& 15 C.l.

46 G. 3. c. 106.

57 0-3- c. 79.

Ante, c. 3. §12.

Persons holding Stock in the Britishi Funds may have, on the Transfer thereof, corresponding Stock transfer-

C. 79, 80. 58° GEORGII I'll. A.D. 1818.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where an y Duties payable by any Auctioneer on any Sale or Sales by Auction shall be unpaid at or after the time when such Duties are by Law due and payable, it shall and may be lawful for the Collector of Excise or other Officer in charge of the Collection of the Distiri& in which such Duties shall be charged and payable, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal to empower any Person or Persons to take and distrain all or any Goods or Chattels of any such Auctioneer, and to cause the same to be sold*by public Auction, giving Six Days previous Notice thereof, unless the same shall be redeemed before the Sale thereof, by Payment of the full Amount of the Duties so due, and the Expences incurred by such Distress; and if after the Payment of all such Duties and Arrears of Duties, together with the Costs and Expences of such distraining, taking and Sale, there shall be any Surplus of the Produce arising from the Sale of such Distress, such Surplus shall be forthwith tendered and paid to such Auctioneer or his Representatives.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Clauses, Rules, Regulations, Provisions, Penalties, Forfeitures and Modes of Recovery, provided, mentioned and contained in the said recited Act of the Fifty fourth Year aforesaid, or in any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland for securing the Collection of the Duties on Auctions, shall be applied and put in practice in the Execution of this Act* as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if all the Clauses, Rules, Regulations, Provisions, Penalties and Forfeitures contained in the said Acts had been expressly repeated and re-enacted in this Act, except so far as the same are repealed or altered by this Act 5 and that the said Acts and this Act shall be construed together as One Act, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, so far as the same are compatible or confident with each other, and as the said Acts are amended or altered by this Act.

X. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures inflicted by this Act, shall be paid according to the Amount thereof in British Currency, and shall and may be sued for, recovered and applied in such manner and Form, and by such Ways and Means, and with such Powers and Authorities, as are prescribed, directed and appointed in and by an Act of Parliament made in Ireland in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled An Act for settling of the Excise or new Impojl upon His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, according to the Book of Rates therein inserted; or in and by an Act passed in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to provide for the better Execution of the several Acts relating to the Revenues, matters and things under the Management of the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, and of the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland 5 or in and by any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland relating to the said Revenues, matters and things, or either of them, as fully and effectually to all Intents, Constructions and Purposes as if the fame were particularly mentioned and expressed and re-enacted in this Act 5 with the like Remedy of Appeal to and for the Party and Parties who shall think him, her or themselves aggrieved or injurecl, as in and by the said Acts or any of them is provided and enacted.

CAP. LXXX.

An Act to amend an Act passed in the Fifty seventh Year of His present Majesty, for permitting the Transfer of Capital from certain Public Stocks or Funds in Great Britain to certain Public Stocks or Funds in Ireland.

[5th June 1818.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fifty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to permit the Transfer of Capital from certain Public Stocks or Funds in Great Britain to certain Public Stocks or Fundf in Ireland: And Whereas by an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for raising the Sum of Three Millions by the Transfer of certain Three Pounds per Centum Annuities into other Annuities at the Rate of Three Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum,

and for granting Annuities to discharge certain Exchequer Bills, the Provisions of the said nrft recited Act

are extended, and Three Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum per Annum Annuities transferrable at the Bank of England are* thereby permitted to be transferred into toe Three Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum per Annum Annuities and Debentures transferrable at the Bank of Ireland, according to the following Scale;

that is to say. That every Person and Body Politic and Corporate transferring such Annuities payable at the Bank of England shall be entitled, for every One hundred Pounds so transferred, to the Principal Sum of One hundred and eight Pounds Six Shillings and Eight pence in Annuities at the Rate of Three Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum payable at the Bank of Ireland; and the first Dividend to be paid at the Bank of

Ireland shall be computed from the Fifth Day of April or Tenth Day of 0Sober next preceding the Day on which the Transfer shall be made to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt at the Bank of England, and shall be paid on the Fifth Day of January or Fifth Day of July next succeeding the Day on which such Annuities shall be written into the Books of the Bank of Ireland, in the Name or Names of the Party or Parties specified in such Certificate: And Whereas it is expedient to amend the said first recited Act accordingly* Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That at any time after the passing of this Act it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons holding Stock in the Three Pounds per Centum per Annum Consolidated Annuities, or in the Three Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum per Annum Annuities transferrable at the Bank of England, to transfer or cause to be transferred such Stock or Annuities respectively for she Purpose of having corresponding Sums written in and consolidated with and made Part of the Capital of Three Pounds and Ten Shillings per Centum per Annum Annuities and Debentures transferrable at the Bank of Ireland; and that it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons holding Stock in the British Funds of Four per Centum

14 per

I

A.D. 1818. 58° GEORGII III. C. 80.

per Annum Consolidated Annuities transferrable at the Bank of England, or in the Five Pounds per Centum per Annum Annuities of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety seven transferrable at the Bank of England, or in the Irish Five Pounds per Centum per Annum Annuities transferrable at the Bank of England, to transfer or cause to be transferred such Stock or Annuities respectively for the Purpose of having corresponding Sums written in and consolidated and made Part of the Capital of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum Annuities transferrable at the Bank of Ireland, and that all such Transfers shall be made according to the Scale and on the Terms and Conditions contained in the said recited Acts and this Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons having or possessing any Stock in the several before mentioned Stocks, Funds or Anuuitie6 transferrable afc the Bank of England, to apply in Writing to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or to cause Application to be made to the said Governor and Company by some Person on his, her or their behalf, and which Application shall be according to such Form as mall be established by the said Governor and Company, and shall be the fame in all cases, for Permission to transfer or cause to be transferred such Stocks, Funds or Annuities respectively, for the Purpose of having corresponding Sums written in and consolidated with the several Stocks, Funds, Annuities or Debentures transferrable at the Bank of Ireland set forth in the said recited Acts and this Act, as the case may require, according to the Provisions of the said recited Acts, except so far as the same shall be varied and altered by this present Act; and thereupon and upon such Person or Persons transferring or causing to be transferred such Stocks, Funds or Annuities so transferrable at the Bank of England, into the Names of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, for the Purpose of their can-celling and discharging the fame from the National Debt in Great Britain, it shall and may be lawful for the Governor or Deputy Governor of the Bank of England, or for the Accountant General or Deputy Accountant of the said Governor and Company, or for the Secretary or Deputy Secretary of the said Governor and Company for the time being, and they are hereby respectively authorized and required, to grant a Certificate to the Person or Persons making such Transfer, or on whose behalf such Transfer shall have been made, directed to the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, and which Certificate shall be also according to a Form which shall be established by the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and shall be the fame in all cases; and such Certificate shall state that the Person or Persons therein mentioned has or have transferred or caused to be transferred the Stock, Funds or Annuities therein described, to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, for the Purpose of having corresponding Sums written in the Name of such Person or Persons, and consolidated with such Stock, Funds, Annuities or Debentures in Ireland, as the same are applicable to, describing the fame, and dating the Amount in such Irtfb Stock, Funds, Annuities or Debentures respectively, to which such Person or Persons shall be so entitled in tefpeft of such Transfer, according to the Scale set forth in the said recited Acts and this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That in every case where any Transfer shall be made as aforesaid, the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England shall cause Notice thereof to be given to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt at their Office on the same Day on which such Transfer shall be made; and the said Commissioners shall, upon the Receipt thereof, transmit the said Notice tq the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland.

IV. And Whereas the Dividends on the Three Pounds and Ten Shillings*/* Centum per Annum Annuities transferrable at the Bank of England are payable on the Fifth Day of April and the Tenth Day of October in each Year, and the Dividends on the Three Pounds and Ten Shillings per Centum per Annum Annuities and Debentures payable at the Bank of Ireland are by the said recitea Act of the Fifty seventh Year made payable on the Fifth Day of January and the Fifth Day of July in each Year: And Whereas, ia pursuance of the Provisions of the said recited Act of this present Session of Parliament, the first Dividend

to be paid at the Bank of Ireland upon any such Irtfb Three Pounds and Ten Shillings Annuities and Debentures as shall be written into the Books of the Bank of Ireland in consequence of the Transfer at the Bank of England of any Three Pounds and Ten Shillings per Centum Annuities, is to be computed from the Fifth Day of April or Tenth Day of 0Holer next preceding the Day on which the Transfer of any such Annuities shall be made to the Commissioners for Reduction of the National Debt at the Bank of England for such Purpose* and such first Dividend is to be paid on the Fifth Day of January or Fifth

Day of July next succeeding the Day on which such Annuities mall be written into the Books of the Bank of Ireland; and it will thereby happen that in certain cases the Amount of such first Dividend issuable from the Exchequer in Ireland, and payable at the Bank of Ireland on such Irish Annuities and Debentures, will be Three fourths of a Year's Dividend; and that in certain other cases the Amount of such first Dividend

will be only One fourth of a Year's Dividend: And Whereas, for facilitating the Sale of the Annuities and Debentures so transferred, and for consolidating the fame with the Three Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum Annuities payable at the Bank of Ireland, it is expedient that Provision should be made that the Amount of such first Dividend payable to the Persons in whose Names such Three Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum Annuities may be (landing, should be equal in all cases to the Half Year's Dividend payable on any such Irish Annuities or Debentures Handing in the Books of the Bank of Ireland Be it enacted, That whenever any of the said Three Pounds and Ten Shillings per Centum per Annum Annuities transferrable at the Banh of England shall be transferred for the Purposes aforesaid to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt at any time between the Fifth Day of January exclusive and the Fifth Day of April inclusive in any Year, or between the Fifth Day of July exclusive and the Tenth Day of October inclusive in any Year, it shall and may be lawful for the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to pay or cause to be paid to every Person or Persons, his, her or their respective Executors, Adminrstrators or Affig*; who shall have made or caused to be made any such Transfer of Three

£$ Geo. III. 4 B Pounds

5 53

rable at the Bank of Ireland.

Application may be made to the Bank of England for Permission to make such Transfer, which shall be made to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, whereupon a Certificate shall be granted directed to the Bank of Ireland.

Form thereof.

Bank of England to give Notice of Transfer to Commtffipnsni -of National Debt.

Regulations ft>r Payment of the First Dividend on the 31. 1 os* per Cent. Annuities so transferred.

A.D. 181d«

554 C. 80, 81.

58° GEORGII III.

3& O.3.C. 87.

§6.

0.6 G.s. c. 33. $13*

Where Infant foie Executor, Adrainistration with Will annexed, to Guar* dian.

Administritor shall have the usual Powers.

No Proceeding to compel a Celebration of Marriageinfacie Ecclesi* by reason of Contract*

Pounds Ten Shillings Annuities for the Purposes aforesaid, the Sum of Serenteen Shillings and Sixpence (being One fourth Part of a Year's Dividend) for every One hundred Pounds of Three Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum Annuities and Debentures which shall be written into the Books of the Bank of Ireland in pursuance of such Transfer; and such Payment of the said Sum of Seventeen Shillings and Sixpence shall be made at the time when such Annuities and Debentures shall be so written into the Books of the said Bank of Ireland; and in such case it shall be lawful for the said Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland to retain to their own Use a like Sum of Seventeen Shillings and Sixpence for every such One hundred Pounds out of the Sum or Sums of Money which shall be issued out of the Exchequer of Ireland to the said Governor and Company, for the Payment of the Dividends on such Annuities or Debentures, on the first Dividend Day next succeeding such Transfer; and the said Governor and Company shall pay to such Person as shall be entitled to receive the Dividend becoming due ton such Annuities and Debentures on such first Dividend Day the amount of One half Year's Dividend, and no more, in like manner as on all other such Annuities or Debentures /landing in the Books of the said Governor and Company 5 and whenever any of the said Three Pounds and Ten Shillings per Centum per Annum Annuities transferable at the Bank of England shall be transferred to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, for the Purposes aforesaid, at any time between the Fifth Day of April exclusive and the Fifth Day of July inclusive in any Year, or between the Tenth Day of 0Sober exclusive and the Fifth Day of January inclusive in any Year, the Person or Persons, his, her or their respective Executors, Administrators or Assigns, who shall have made or caused to be made any such Transfer, shall pay to the said Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, and the said Governor and Company are hereby authorized and empowered to receive, the Sum of Seventeen Shillings and Sixpence (being One fourth Part of a Year's Dividend) for every One hundred Pounds of the said Annuities and Debentures so written into the said Books of the Bank of Ireland in pursuance of such Transfer; and such Payment of the said Sum of Seventeen Shillings and Sixpence shall be made to the said Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland at the time when such Annuities and Debentures shall be so written into the Books of the said Bank of Ireland; and the said Governor and Company shall and they are hereby authorized and required to pay to such Persons as shall be entitled to receive the Dividends becoming due on such Annuities or Debentures on the first Dividend Day next after such Transfer, the full Amount of One Half Year's Dividend, in like manner as on all other such Annuities or Debentures /landing in the Books of the said Governor and Company.

CAP. LXXXL

An Act for extending to that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland certain Provisions of the Parliament of Great Britain in relation to Executors under the Age of Twenty one Years, and to Matrimonial Contrafts.

[5th June 1818.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Parliament of Great Britain in the Thirty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the Administration of AJfets in cases where the 1 Executor to whom Probate has been granted is out of the Realm, it is amongst other things enacted, that where

an Infant is foie Executor, Administration with the Will annexed shall be granted to the Guardian of such

Infant, or to such other Person as the Court shall think fit, until such Infant shall have attained the full Age c of Twenty one Years, at which Period, and not before. Probate of the Will shall be granted to him: And

Whereas by a certain other Act made in the Parliament of Great Britain, in the Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for the better preventing of Clandestine

Marriages, it is amongst other things enacted, that in no case whatsoever shall any Suitor Proceeding be had 1 in any Ecclesiastical Court in order to compel a Celebration of any Marriage in facie Ecclesis, by reason of any dontraft of Matrimony whatsoever, whether per verba de presenti, or per verba de futuro: And Whereas

it is expedient to extend the aforesaid Provisions of the said in part recited Acts to that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament a/Tem* bled, and by the Authority of the same, That where an Infant is foie Executor, Administration with the Will annexed, in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, shall be granted to the Guardian of such Infant, or to such other Person as the Spiritual Court there shall think fit, until such Infant shall have attained the full Age of Twenty one Years, at which Period, and not before, Probate of the Will shall be granted to him.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Person to whom such Administration shall be granted shall have the fame Powers vested in him as an Administrator now hath by reason of an Administration granted to him durante mhmre state of the next of Kin.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in no case whatsoever shall any Suit or Proceeding be had in any Ecclesiastical Court of that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, in order to compel a Celebration of any Marriage in facie Ecclesis, by reason of any Contract of Matrimony whatsoever, whether per verba de presenti, or pet verba de futuro, which shall be entered into after the End and Expiration of Ten Days next after the passing of this Act; any Law or Usage to the contrary notwith-

A.D. 1818.

58° GEORGII IIt

0.84, 83

555

CAP. LXXXII.

An Act to prevent Frauds in the Sale of Grain in Ireland.

[5th June 1818.]

WHEREAS divers Frauds are often practised by Persons in Ireland felling or offering to Sale Wheat,

Rye, Meflin, Peas, Beans, Bariev, Bere, Oats, Shillin, Cutlings, Meal, Flour and Malt, by spoiling or adulterating the fame, or Part thereof, or producing to the View of the intended Buyer a Species of such Corn, Grain, Malt, Meal or Flour, of a Quality superior to the Bulk of that so offered to Sale,

4 in order by such Means to deceive and defraud the Buyer thereof, or the Person to whom the same shall be

offered to Sale : ' To prevent such injurious Practices, be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, Corn, &c. adui-

if any Person or Persons in Ireland shall fell or offer to Sale any of the said Sorts of Com, Grain, Malt, Meal temed offered

or Flour, which shall in the whole or in part be spoiled or adulterated by wetting or mixing therewith any for"

Sand, Gravel, Dirt, or rotten or damaged Cora, Grain, Malt, Meal or Flour, or grown or blighted Cora,C

or other kind of Stuff, or which shall not be in Quality of equal Goodness to that produced to the View of the intended Buyer or Buyers thereof, or shall use any other Fraud or Deceit therein, or in order to make such Corn, Grain, Malt, Meal or Flour appear heavier than it would have been without such Mixture,

Fraud or Deceit, every Person, being lawfully convicted of any of the said Frauds or Deceits by the Oath of One credible Witness before any One Justice of the Peace or Magistrate in any City or Town Corporate in Ireland where such Offence shall be committed, or before any Two Justices of the Peace in any Place in Ireland) not being a City or Town Corporate, where such Offence shall be committed, shall for every such Offence forfeit all such Com, Grain, Malt, Meal or Flour, One Half thereof to the Use of the Informer, and the other Half to the Use of the Poor of the Parish where such Offence shall have been committed, and also the Sum of Forty Shillings, to be levied by Distress arid Sale of such Offender's Goods; One Moiety of a«d Penalty which said Sum of Forty Shillings shall be to the Informer, and the other Moiety thereof to the Use of the dOS#

Poor of the Parish as aforesaid.' '

CAP. LXXXIII.

An Act to amend and reduce into One Act the several Laws relating to the manner in which the East India Company are required to hire Ships.

[5th June 1818.]

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament passed in the Thirty ninth Year of the Reign of His present 39 G. 3. C. 89. Majesty, intituled An Act for regulating the manner in which the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, shall hire and take up Ships for their regular Service; and by another*Act of Parliament, passed in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His said present Majesty, intituled An Act 50G. 3. C. 86. 4 to amend Two Acts passed in the Thirty ninth and Forty third Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for regulating the manner in which the East India Company shall hire and take up Ships; ana by another Act of Parliament, passed in the Fifty first Year of the Reign of His said present Majesty, intituled An Act for 51 G. 3. c. 75.*making further Provision for the Payment of Salaries and other Charges in the Office of the Commissioners for the Affairs of India; and for enabling the East India Company to refiore to the Service of the fata Company Military Officers removed therefrom by Sentences of Court Martial; and to authorise the said Comp any, in case of unforeseen Emergency, to take up Ships by private Contract; various Provisions, regulating the manner < in which the said United Company shall hire and take* up Ships for their Service, are now in force: And Whereas it is expedient that the Laws relative to the manner of hiring Ships for the said United Company's«Service should be amended, and reduced into One Act: And Whereas the Fluftuation of Prices of Naval*Stores, and of other Articles incident to the Equipment of Ships in times immediately following the Termination of War, has been such as to render the Calculations upon which the Contrafts for Peace Freight*have from time to time been made, greatly erroneous and insufficient, and the Performance of such Contrafts*has in consequence thereof been found so injurious to the Contrafting Parties, that the Court of Directors of the said United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies have in Two Instances,

videlicet, after the Termination of War in One thousand eight hundred and two, and after the Termination of War in One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, presented Petitions to the House of Commons, praying that Parliament would authorize and empower the said Company to make Allowances to the Owners of 1 several Ships hired by them under the Provisions of the said Acts, over and above the Prices to which the said Owners were entitled by their Contract^; and Parliament has in the said Instances complied with the Prayer of the said Petitions: And Whereas it is highly inexpedient that the Reviffon and Alteration of Contrafts by Authority of Parliament, on whatever Plea or Pretext, should grow into Precedent : Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Whole of the said Acts made and passed in the Thirty ninth and Fiftieth Years of the Reign 39 G. 3. c. 89. of His said present Majesty, and so much of the said Act made and passed in the Fifty first Year of the Reign 5° G. 3. c. 86. of His said present Majesty as relates to the hiring of Ships by the said United Company, shall be and the same are hereby repealed: Provided always, that the Repeal of the said Acts shall in nowise be construedto^C* affect any Contract or Agreement made or entered into under or in pursuance of any of the said Acts, but all repealed, such Contrafts or Agreements shall be carried* into Execution in the same manner as if this Act had not been made and passed.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, the said United Company or Regulations for their Court of Directors shall not hire or take up on Freight, for the Service of the said Company, any Ship hiring Ships for

4 B 2 or

556 C. 83.

58° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1818.

the Service of the Company.

Court of Directors may again engage Ships for a limited Number of their Contracts.

or Ships other than such as shall be contracted for or hired in manner herein after mentioned; that is to say, that from time to time whenever the said United Company shall have occasion to contract for the Hire of any Ship or Ships to be built for their Service, the Court ot Directors of the said United Company shall give Notice thereof by public Advertisement, and therein date the Burthen of the Ship or Ships wanted, the Dimensions or Scantlings of Timbers and Planks, Number of Guns, manner of building, providing, furnishing and (taring such Ships, the time to be allowed for building (which shall be as long as reasonably may be), and other Particulars necessary to enable Persons to judge of the Expence thereof, and the proper Rate of Freight for such Ships respectively, or shall refer to printed Terms and Conditions to be delivered by their proper Officer; and the said Advertisement shall fix a time, not less than Four Weeks from the Publication thereof, for receiving Proposals in Writing, sealed up, for building and freighting the same to the said Company, such Proposals to specify the lowed Rates of Freight for each and every Voyage in time of Peace required for such Ships, for such Number of Voyages, not less than Six, as the said Uourt of Directors shall see fit from time to time to fix, to and from India or China, or elsewhere, within the Limits of the Charter of the said United Company, to be employed in Trade and in Warfare or otherwise, as shall be thought proper by the said Company if the said Ships respectively shall so long be fit for the Company's Service; and that all the Tenders or Proposals which shall be made in pursuance of such Notices, shall be put into a Box locked and sealed, which shall not be opened except publicly in a Court of Directors, and the Contents of such Proposals respectively shall be entered in a Book, and the Proposals offering the lowed Peace Freight shall be accepted without Favour or Partiality, subject to the several Provisions in this Act contained 5 and in case more Ships than shall be wanted at the time of considering such Proposals shall be tendered to be built at the fame low Freight, then the Court of Directors shall determine by Lot which of the said Proposals shall be accepted, and the same shall be accepted accordingly, subject to the several Provisions in this Act contained.

III. And Whereas it may happen that Ships which may have been built for the Service of the said United Company, and which have performed or completed, or hereafter may perform or complete, the

Number of Voyages for which they have been or hereafter may be contracted to serve the said Company, €- may be in found and proper Condition to perform a further Voyage or further Voyages in the Service of the said United Company; Be it therefore further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Court of Directors of the said United Company, if they shall see fit, in the manner and according to the Provisions herein contained, as to hiring Ships to be built for the Service of the said Company, to advertise for Proposals

uniivcu numucr 'for any Ships which have performed and completed* or hereafter shallbave performed and completed tbt of Voyages after Contracts bj which they were built for the said United Company, again to be tendered for the Service of the Expiration the said United Company; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court of Directors again

to hire and take-up any such Ship or Ships so tendered for the Service of the said United Company, for an additional Voyage, or for such Number of additional Voyages to and from India or China or elsewhere \yhhin the Limits of the Charter of the said United Company, as the said Court of Directors shall see fit, beyond and after the Performance of the Voyages for which any such Ship or Ships respectively have been or shall be engaged by any prior Contract or Contracts to serve the said Company; provided that all such Ships shall be

fit or shall be capable of being repaired and made fit to serve the said Company for such additional Voyage or Voyages: Provided always/ that the Peace Freight and additional Allowance to be paid for any such Ship or Ships to be taken up for any additional Voyage or Voyages shall not exceed the Rate of Peace Freight paid for such Ships respectively under the last Contracts respectively by .which they have been engaged in the Service of the said United Company, together with such additional Allowance as (he might eventually be entitled to under this Act, in respect of any Voyage for which (he might be afloat to proceed upon in time of Peace.

IV. And be it further enacted, That over and besides the Peace Freight for Ships built or to be built and hired or to be hired for the Service of the said United Company, the Court of Directors of the said Company shall be at Liberty to make such Allowances to the Owners of the said Ships, from Voyage to Voyage, in respect of the additional Charges, if any, arising to the said Owners in time of War or Hostilities, or of Preparations for War or Hostilities, as the said Court of Directors shall think right and just.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Court of Directors of the said United Company shall and they are hereby required to cause to be prepared, once in every Year, by the Master Attendant or other proper Officer or Officers of the said United Company, Tables of the average current Prices for the time being of the

l"S*nd for Articles of building and outfit for Ships to be engaged in the Service of the said United Company, and Tables rrobabkEx- Pr°liable tota^ Cost and Expence of such Building and Outfit for the several Voyages for which any

peoce for several Ship or Ships shall have been contracted for or hired, distinguishing the probable Expence of each Voyage of

--Ships of the different Sizes actually engaged or which may bt engaged in the Service of the said Company

which Tables, when signed by the Master Attendant or other proper Officer or Officers of the said United Company, and when approved and allowed by their Court of Directors, shall be fairly transcribed and signed by the Secretary or Amstant Secretary of the said Company, by Order of the said Court of Directors, and shall be left or hung up in some public Office in the East India House, for the Perusal and Inspection, at season-able times and in a reasonable manner, of all Persons whom it may concern, with Liberty for them, at such times and in such manner as aforesaid, to make and take Copies and Extrads thereof; and the First of such Tables or Sets of Tables shall be made and completed within Four Months next after the passing of this Act, and afterwards such Tables or such Sets of Tables shall from time to time be made and completed between the First Day of June and the First Day of QSoher in every Year.

VI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Conclusion of any War or Hostilities which may hereafter take place, when any Ship which now is or hereafter shall be in the Service of the said United Company,

Besides Peace Freight, Allowance in respect of Charges arising to Owners in lime of War. Tables of average current Prices of build-

Voysges for which sny Ship shall have contracted, to be signed and hung up in the India House.

After Conclusion of War, on any Ship

A.D. 181S. 58° GEORGII III. C. 83.

pany, under or by virtue of any Contfad made or entered into since the Twentieth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, or hereafter to be made or entered into, shall come afioat, td proceed upon any Voyage in Execution of any such Contract in time of Peace, then the Court of Directors shall cause, as to all Ships now in the Service of the said United Company, the Tables or Sets of Tables first to be completed, approved and allowed after the passing of this Act, as hereinbefore mentioned; and as to all Ships which shall hereafter be contracted for in time of Peace, the Tables or Sets of Tables which shall have been completed, approved and allowed next immediately before such Ships shall have been respectively contracted for; and as to all Ships which hereafter shall be contracted for in time of War or Hostilities, or of Preparations for War or Hostilities, the Tables or Sets of Tables which shall have been completed, approved and allowed next immediately before the Commencement of such War or Hostilities, or of such Preparations for War or Hostilities, to be compared with the Tables or Sets of Tables which shall have been completed, approved and allowed next before such Ships shall come afloat in time of Peace to proceed on such Voyage; and if it shall appear on such Comparison that the probable Cost of the Outfit of such Ship for the Voyage on which such Ship shall be about to proceed, shall exceed the Amount estimated by the Tables or Sets of Tables with which such Comparison shall be made, as the probable Cost of Outfit of a Ship of the fame or as nearly as may be of the fame Size for a similar Voyage, by One tenth Part of such last mentioned Amount, then the Owners of such Ship shall be entitled for that Voyage to an additional Allowance, at a Rate which, calculated upon the chartered Tonnage of such Ship, shall be equal to such probable Excess, to be determined finally and conclusively by Order of the said Court of Directors: Provided always, that the Owner or Owners of such Ship shall have entered into an Agreement with the said Court of Directors, that if upon such Comparison as aforesaid the probable Cost of the Outfit of such Ship for such Voyage as aforesaid shall be found to fail below the Amount estimated by the Tables or Sets of Tables aforesaid by One tenth Part, of such last mentioned Amount as aforesaid, then the said Court of Directors shall be at liberty to make an Abatement from the Freight to which such Ship would be entitled undeflits Contract, at a Rate which, calculated upon the chartered Tonnage of such Ship, shall be equal to such probable Diminution of Cost of Outfit 5 the said Abatement to be in like manner determined finally and conclusively by the said Court of Directors: Provided always, that the Owners of the several Ships which are already in the Service of the said United Company unde* Contracts made since the Twentieth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, shall not be entitled to any such additional Allowance, nor subjcd to any such Abatement, until after a War or Hostilities shall have taken place and have been concluded: Provided also, that the Owners of Ships hereafter to be contracted for in time of Peace to enter into the Service of the said United Company shall not be entitled to any such Allowance, nor subject to any such Abatement, in respect of any Voyage to be performed during the Continuance of the Peace in which the several Contracts for such Ships shall have been entered into: Provided also, that such Owners of Ships hereafter to be contracted for in time of War or Hostilities to enter into the Service of the said United Company, as shall have entered into such Agreement as before mentioned, shall be entitled to a Comparison of the Costs of their Outfits respectively, and to any eventual additional Allowance which may become due to them thereupon in respect of every Voyage which the said Ships shall respectively come afloat to proceed upon in time of Peace: Provided always, that'no additional Allowance shall be payable in time of Peace to the Owners of any Ship, under or by virtue of this Act, for any Voyage in relped of which the Owners of such Ship shall be entitled, under or by virtue of this or any former Act, to any Payment in respect of any additional Charges arising in time of War or Hostilities, or of Preparations for War or Hostilities: Provided also, that any time when Owners of Ships shall not be so entitled to any Payment in respect of any additional Charges arising in time of War or Hostilities, or of Preparations for War or Hostilities, shall be deemed and considered a time of Peace within the Meaning of this Act: Provided always, that the additional Charges f if any) which may be incurred by reason of any Ship being built during a time of War or Hostilities, or of Preparations for War or Hostilities, shall and may be paid to the Owners of such Ship, although (he may come afloat to proceed on her first Voyage in time of Peace.

VII. And be it further enacted, That in cases of unforeseen Exigency, which cannot be answered conveniently by any Ship or a sufficient Number of Ships in the Service of the said Company, and which will not admit of Delay, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court of Directors, or for any one of their several Governments abroad, to hire any Ship or Ships which can be procured to answer such Exigency; provided that Public Notice shall be given by Advertisement of the Ships and Tonnage wanted and the Service required, Fourteen Days at lead previous to the time appointed for taking up the fame; and the Proposals to be made in pursuance of such Advertisement shall be put into a Box locked, and sealed, which shall not be opened except publicly in a Court of Directors, or by the Governor and Council or Chief Agents of - the said Company at any Place within the Limits of the Charter of the said Company where it shall be necessary to hire any such Ship or Ships*and then the lowed Tender or Tenders shall be accepted, without Favour or Partiality, if it or they shall be deemed reasonable, and if upon a due Examination and Survey the Ship or Ships tendered shall appear in all respects fit for the Service required: Provided always, that the Engagement or Employment of such Ships shall not extend beyond the Duration of the particular Service for which they shall have been specifically hired.

VIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Court of Directors of the said United Company, or their said Governments abroaa, in cases of unforeseen and pressing Exigency, to hire and take up by private Contract, with or without idvertifing, any Ship or Ships whatsoever for any particular Purpose; provided that no such Ship shall be hired or taken up for more than One Voyage, and that the Reasons for taking up any such Ship or Ships at Home in less time than Fourteen Days as aforesaid after the Publication of an Advertisement, be dated in the Minutes of the said Court of

nf Directors,

557

coming afloat to proceed on Voyage, Court of Directors to cause Tables herein mentioned to be compared with other Tables, and on a certain result of such Comparison to make additional Allowance to Owners.

In what case Abatement made.

In what cases Abatements not made.

In what case*Comparison of Coils of Outfit and eventual additional Allowance may be made.

In what case no additional Allowance.

What considered a time of Peace.

When additional Charges for War paid.

Court of Directors may on Notice take up ready built Ships for their Service, in case of unforeseen Exigency.

Duration of such Engagements.

In cases of on-foreseen Exigency, Ships rray be taken up for One Voyage only by private ContraA

558 C. 83.

58° GEORGII III.

A.D. 181d.

Ships as herein mentioned may be hired by private Contract, for Voyages from China or India.

Ships herein mentioned of a certain limited Measurement may be employed for a Voyage out or home, to any Place except China.

But not to authorize the Employment of any Ship under the Measurement prescribed by S3 G. 3- C. 15J.

Proviso for building a Ship in room of one loft

A special Court

lfletnbled.

Proceedings.

Command to be given to the Captain of the loft Ship, &c.

Directors, and reported to the Court of Proprietors that shall next be holden after such hiring and taking up; and that the Reasons for taking up any such Ship or Ships abroad in less time than Fourteen Days after the Publication of an Advertisement as aforesaid, be dated in the Minutes of the Proceedings of the Government by which such Ship or Ships shall be taken up, and be communicated to the Court of Directors as soon as conveniently may be afterwards.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court of Directors of the said United Company to hire and take up by private Contra&, without advertising, any Ship or Ships engaged or to be engaged in His Majesty's Transport or other Service to carry Convicts or Stores to New South Wales, the Cape of Good Hope, or Ceylon, or elsewhere within the Limits of the Charter of the said United Company, for the Purpose of bringing Cargoes from China or India, at such Rate of Freight and Demurrage as they shall judge to be reasonable, so as no such Ship shall be hired or taken up for more than One Voyage.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Court of Directors of the said United Company, if they shall see fit, in the manner and according to the Provisions herein contained as to hiring Ships to be built for the Service of the said Company, to advertise for, hire and take up for Trade and Warfare and any other Service, or for Trade only, or any specific Service, as the said Court of Directors shall see fit, any Ship or Ships, whether built expressly for the Service of the said United Company or any other Service, and whether new Ships or Ships which shall have been then before employed in any Service whatsoever, so as the registered Measurement of such Ships shall not be more than Eight hundred Tons, for One Voyage, or for a Voyage out or a Voyage home, as the said Court shall think proper, to and from, or to or from any Ports or Places, Port or Place whatsoever, within the Limits of the said Company's Charter, except the Dominions of the Emperor of China.

XI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall authorize the Employment by the said Company of any Vessel, the registered Measurement of which Vessel shall be under the Burthen prescribed by an Act of the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for continuing in the East India Company for a further Term the PoffcJ/wn of the British Territories in India, together with certain exclusive Privileges; for establishing further Regulations for the Government of the said Territories, and the better Administratibn of Justice within the same; and for regulating the Trade to and from the Places within the Limits of the fold Company*s Charter; or which may be prescribed by any Act hereafter to be passed for Vessels carrying on Trade between the United Kingdom and the Places within the Limits of the East India Company's Charter.

XII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in case any Ship which now is, or which since the Twentieth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and fifteen hath been, or which hereafter shall be engaged in the Service of the said United Company, under a Contra& to serve the said Company for Six Voyages, hath been or shall be loft or captured before the Completion of her Fifth Voyage, if upon a full Investigation of the Circurostances of fuclf Loss by the said Court of Directors, or some Committee thereof, the Commander and Owners of such Ship shall be fully acquitted from all Imputation of Neglect or Misconduct in respect of such Loss, in the Opinion of Eighteen Directors at least, at a Court specially assembled for the Purpose of taking the said Commander's and the Owner's Conduct into Consideration: Provided always, that such Vote or Resolution' of the Court of Directors shall be reported to a General Court of Proprietors, and after such Report such Vote or Resolution of the said Court of Directors shall be confirmed, by way of Ballot, by Three Parts in Four of the Proprietors assembled in General Court specially convened for that Purpose, whereof Eight Days previous Notice of the Time and Purpose of such Meeting shall be given in' the London Gazette; then if such Commander shall be then living, or if he shall be dead, then if the Chief Officer of the Said Ship shall be living (having already performed One Voyage at least as Chief or Second Officer), and should have exerted himself honourably for the Defence and Safety of the loft Ship, either in Fight or Distress at Sea, and shall be acquitted in manner hereinbefore mentioned from all Imputation of Neglect or Misconduct in respect of such Loss, and such Acquittal shall also be confirmed in manner hereinbefore mentioned, from all Imputation of Neglect or Misconduct in respect of such Loss, and such Acquittal shall also be confirmed in manner hereinbefore mentioned, then it shall and may be lawful for the said Court of Directors, on behalf of the said United Company, to enter into an Agreement with the Owners of such Ship so loft, or their Representatives; or if such Owners or their Representatives should omit or decline, for the Space of Three Calendar Months after the said Vote of Acquittal, to enter into such Agreement, then it shall be lawful for the said Court of Directors, on behalf of the said United Company, to enter into an Agreement with any Person or Persons of sufficient ResponAbility, and able to give reasonable Security, who shall be nominated in Writing under the Hand of the Commander of such loft Ship, if such Commander shall be living and able to Serve, and if not, then with any Person or Persons of sufficient Responsibility, and able to give reasonable Security, who shall be nominated in Writing under the Hand of the Chief Officer of such loft Ship, if he shall be living and able to Serve, to build another Ship of such Size as the said United Company shall have Occasion for, to be employed by them for Six or more Voyages, as shall be agreed by the said Court of Directors, at the lowed Rate of Peace Freight, with the Benefit or such other Allowances as are provided or permitted by this Act to be paid, which shall be payable in respect of the Ship of a similar Size, or as near as may be of a similar Size, to the Ship about to be built, which shall have been contracted for, for Six Voyages at least, last before the Contra& for the Ship instead of such loft Ship shall be entered into: Provided always, that such Ship so to be built instead 01 Such loft Ship shall be commanded in the first Instance by the Captain of the loft Ship, if he shall be living and able to serve, and failing of biro, by the said Chief Officer of the loft Ship* if he shall be living ana able to serve; and

1 ftnless

A.D. 1818. 58° GEORGII III. C. 83, 84.

unless either the Commander or Chief Officer of the loft Ship shall be living and able to fenre, when the Contract for building a Ship instead of the loft Ship shall be entered into, it shall not be lawful for the said United Company or their Court of Directors to enter into any Agreement for building a Ship instead of such loft Ship, otherwise than by Public Competition as hereinbefore mentioned.

XIII. Provided also, and* be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to oblige the said Court of Directors, or any of the Governments of the said Company abroad, upon any Occasion, to accept any Tender or Tenders, Proposal or Proposals, which they shall deem to be unreasonable, and for the Performance of which reasonable Security shall not be given; or to enter into any Agreement on any such Proposal, although such Tender or Tenders, Proposal or rropofals may be the lowest and most advantageous which may be offered; nor shall this Act or any thing herein contained extend or be construed to extend to vest in the Owner or Owners of any Ship or Ships, or any Person or Persons, making or offering any Tender or Tenders, Proposal or Propofols, any Right orj Pretenlion which such Owner or Owners, Person or Persons, would not have had if the several Provisions hereby repealed or this Act had not been passed.

XIV. Provided also, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend in anywise to relate to any of the Ships or Vessels belonging to or employed in the Marine War Establishment of the said United Company in the East Indies; but it shall and may be lawful to and for the said United Company and their Court of Directors, and Servants abroad, to hire, take up and employ Vessels for those Purposes only, in such manner as they shall see fit; nor* shall this Act extend or be any ways deemed in any way to prevent the said United Company or their Court of Directors, or any of their Officers or Servants, from causing any Goods to be loaded and carried on their Account on board any private Ship or Vessel, though not chartered to or in the Serivce of the said United Company.

XV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That all and every and so much and such Parts of the Bye Laws, Rules and Regulations of the said United Company and of their Court of Directors, now in force, and hereafter to be made, any way relating to Shipping Concerns of the said Company, and to the Commanders and Officers in their Service, which are not or shall not be inconsistent with or repugnant to the Provisions hereby enacted, shall remain and be of the fame Validity, Force and Effect, and shall be observed in like manner to all Intents and Purposes, as the fame Bye Law, Rules and Regulations, or such Parts thereof as aforesaid, would have been in force, and ought to have been observed, if this Act had not been made, or to restrain the said Company from repealing or making any Bye Laws, so as they shall not be inconsistent with the Provisions herein contained; this Act or any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.J

XVI. And Whereas an Act was passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to authorise the Court of Directors of the East India Company to make extraordinary Allowances in certain cases to the Owners

of certain Ships in the Service of the said Company: And Whereas certain Ships now in the Service of the said United Company, called The Herefordshire, Atlas, Bridgewater, General Harris, Vanjittart, and General Kyd, were excluded from the Benefit of the said Act, because the Losses to which the Owners of the said Ship8 had been subjected did not arise out of Contracts framed in ftrid Conformity to the said Act of the Thirty ninth of George the Third: And Whereas the said Contracts, so far as they differed from Contracts framed in ftrid Conformity with the said Act of the Thirty ninth Year of His Majesty's Reign, were framed on Principles nearly approximating to those which are laid down in the present Act for the Government of all future Contracts for hiring Ships by the East India Company; and it is fair and reasonable that some additional Allowances should now be made to the Owners of the said fix Ships, in respect of the Voyages performed by them under the said Contracts since the Termination of the War, or (kill remaining to be so performed* Be it therefore enacted, That after the passing of this Act it shall and may be lawful for the said Court of Directors to make such Allowances to the Owner or Owners of each of the said Ships, in respect of any Voyages performed since the Twentieth of November One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, or remaining to be performed under their aforesaid Contracts, as the said Court of Directors would have been empowered to make to the Owner or Owners of such Ship, if the Name of such Ship had been included in the said Act of the last Session of Parliament.

CAP. LXXXIV.

An Act to remove Doubts as to the Validity of certain Marriages had and, solemnized within thje British Territories in India.

[5th June 1818.]

WHEREAS Doubts have arisen concerning the Validity of Marriages which have been had and solemnized within the British Territories in Ind\ay by Ordained Ministers of the Church of Scotland as by Law established: And Whereas it is expedient that such Doubts should be quieted, and that the Law respecting such Marriages should be declared for the future Be it declared and enacted; and it is hereby declared and enacted, by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the (Same, That all Marriages heretofore had and solemnized, or which shall be had and solemnized within the said Territories in India> before the Thirty first Day of December now next ensuing, by Ordained Ministers of the Church of Scotland as by Law established, shall be, and shall be adjudged, esteemed and taken to have been, and to be, of the fame and no other Force and Effect as if such Marriages had been had and solemnized by Clergymen of the Church of England\ according to the Rites and Ceremonies of the Church of England; and that from and after, the said Thirty first Day of December now next ensuing, all Marriages between Persons, both or one of such Persons being Members or Member of Or

lof holding

559

Court of Directors oot obliged to enter into any unreal fouable Contract, &c.

Provifp for 1 Vessels belonging to War Marine Ella-bliihjnents in India; and for Company con., signing Goods by private, Ships.

Company's Bye Laws, where not inconsistent with this Act, to remain in force.

57 G. 3. c.iao,

Court of Directors empowered to make Allowances to certain Ships excluded from the Benefit of the recited Act.

Marriages solemnized in India before 31st December by Ministers of the Church of Scotland to be of the fame Force as if solemnized by Clergymen of the Church of England; and

5^0

after that Period, Marriages be. tween Persons one or both of the Church of Scotland by Ministers of that Communion, and appointed by E. I. Company, valid.

Declaration by Partie*.

Minister to certify Marriage; and deliver Duplicate of Certificate signed by Parties to Party, and transmit another to Secretary of Presideocy.

Convention, dated Jan. ao, ^815, recited.

C. 84, 85. 58° GEORGII III. A.D. 1818.

holding C.ommunion with the Church of Scotland, and making a Declaration to the Effect herein after mentioned, which Marriages shall be had and solemnized within the British Territories in India, by Ordained Ministers of the Church of Scotland as by Law established, and appointed by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indict to officiate as Chaplains within the said Territories, shall be, and shall be adjudged, esteemed and taken to be, of the fame and no other Force and Effect as if such Marriages were had and solemnized by Clergymen of the Church of England, according to the Rites and Ceremonies of the Church of England: Provided always, that from and after the said Thirty first Day of December, no such Marriage as aforesaid shall be had and solemnized, till both or one of such Persons, as the case may be, shall have signed a Declaration in Writing, in Duplicate, dating that they, or he or she, as the case may be, are or is Members or Member of or holding Communion with the Church of Scotland by (.aw established.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Minister by whom such Marriage shall be solemnized, shall, immediately upon the Solemnization thereof, certify such Marriage by a Writing under his Hand in Duplicate, subjoined to or indorsed upon the Declaration in Duplicate hereinbefore mentioned, specifying in such Certificate the Names and Descriptions of the Parties between whom and of the Witnesses in whose Presence the said Marriage has been had and solemnized, and the time and Place of the Celebration of the fame; and such Certificate in Duplicate shall be also signed forthwith by the Parties entering into such Marriage, and by the Witnesses to the fame; and the Minister officiating shall deliver One Duplicate of such Declaration and Certificate to the Persons married, or to One of them, and shall transmit the other Duplicate of such Declaration and Certificate to the Chief Secretary of Government at the Presidency within which such Marriage shall have been had and solemnized*

CAP. LXXXV.

An Act to carry into Execution a Convention made between His Majesty and the King of Portugal for the preventing Traffic in Slaves.

[5th June iSig.j

WHEREAS an additional Convention to a Treaty of the Twenty second of January One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, was made between His Majesty and His most Faithful Majesty the King of Portugal, for the Purpose of preventing illicit Traffic in Slaves, and signed at London on the f Twenty eighth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and seventeen: And Whereas it was, in the first Article of the said Convention, declared to be the Obie& of the said Convention, to prevent the respective Subjects of His Majesty and His most Faithful Majesty, from carrying on an illicit Slave Trade; and it

was also thereby declared, that every Traffic in Slaves carried on under the following Circumstances

should be considered as illicit 5 First, either by British Ships and under the British Flag, or for the Account of British Subjects by any Vessel or under any Flag whatsoever; Second, by Portuguese Vessels in any of the Harbours or Roads of the Coast of Africa, which are prohibited by the First Article of the

Treaty of the Twenty second of January One thousand eight hundred and fifteen; Third, under the Portuguese or British Flag, for the Account of the Subjects of any other Government 5 Fourth, by Portuguese Vessels bound for any Port not in the Dominions of His most Faithful Majesty: And Whereas it was by the Second Article of the said Convention declared and agreed, that the Territories in which the Traffic in Slaves continues to be permitted under the Treaty of the Twenty second of January One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, to the Subjects of His most Faithful Majesty, are the following 5 First,

the Territories possessed by die Crown of Portugal upon the Coast of Africa to the South of the

Equator, that is to say, upon the Eastern Coast of Africa, the Territory lying between Cape Delgado and the Bay of Loqrenco Marques, and upon the Western Coast, all that which is situated from the Eighth to the Eighteenth Degree of South Latitude; Second, those Territories on the Coast of Africa to the South of the Equator, over which His most Faithful Majesty has declared that he has retained hit f Rights, namely, the Territories of Molembo and Cabinda upon the Western Coast of Africa, from the

Fifth Degree Twelve Minutes to the Eighth Degree South Latitude: And Whereas* by the Third Article of the said Convention, His most Faithful Majesty engaged, within the Space of Two Months after the Exchange of the Ratifications of the said Convention, to promulgate in his Capital and in the other Parts of His Dominions, as soon as possible, a Law which should prescribe the Punishment of any of His Subie&s who may in future participate in an illicit Traffic of Slaves, and at the same time to renew the Prohibition which already exists, to import Slaves into the Braxils, under any Flag other than that of Portugal; and His most Faithful Majesty also engaged to assimilate, as much as possible, the Legislation of Portugal, in this respect, to that of Great Britain: And Whereas it was, by the Fourth Article of the said Convention, declared and agreed, that every Portuguese Vessel which should be destined for the Slave Trade on any Point of the African Coast where the Traffic in Slaves should stili continue to be lawful, must be provided with a Royal Passport, conformable to the Model annexed to the said Convention, and which Model formed an integral Part of the fame, and that every such Passport must be written in the Portuguese Language, with an authentic Translation to English annexed thereto, and must be signed, for all those Vessels fading from the Port of Rio Janeiro by the Minister of Marine, and for all other Vessels which may be intended for the said Traffic, and which may fail from any other Ports of the Brazils, or from apy other of the Dominions of His most Faithful Majesty, not in Europe, the

Passports must be signed by the Governor in Chief of the Captaincy to which the Port belongs, and as to those Vessels which may proceed from the Ports of Portugal must be signed by the Secretary of the f Government for the Marine Department; Aw} Whereas it was declared an£ agreed, by the Fifth

Article

C,

A.D. 1818. 58° GEORGII III. C. 85.

Article of the said Convention, that the Ships of War of the respective Royal Navies of His Majesty and His moll Faithful Majesty, which shall be provided with special Inflru6lion9 for that Purpose, as herein after provided, may visit such Merchant Vessels of the Two Nations as may be suspected, upon reasonable Grounds, of having Slaves on board acquired by an illicit Traffic; and in the Event only of their actually finding Slaves on board may detain and bring away such Vessels, in order that they may be brought to Trial before the Tribunals established for that Purpose, as specified in the said Convention 5 provided that the Commanders of the Ships of War of the Two Royal Navies, who shall be employed on this Service, shall adhere flri&ly to the exact Tenor of the Instructions which they shall have received for that Purpose; and that as the said Article is entirely reciprocal, the Two High Contracting Parties engaged in the said Article mutually to make good any Losses which their respectiveSubjects may incur unjustly, by the arbitrary and illegal Detention of their Vessels, and that this Indemnity shall invariably be borne by the Government whose Cruizer shall have been guilty of the arbitrary Detention; provided that the Visit and Detention of Slave Ships specified in the said Article, shall only be effected by those British or Portuguese Vessels which may form Part of the Two Royal Navies, and by those only of such Vessels which are provided with the special Instructions annexed to the said Convention:

And Whereas it was declared and decreed by the Sixth Article of the said Convention, that no British or Portuguese Cruizer shall detain any Slave Ship not having Slaves actually on board 5 and in order to render lawful the Detention of any Ship, whether British or Portuguese, the Slaves found on board such Vessel mud have been brought there for the express Purpose of the Traffic, and those on board Portuguese Ships mull have been taken from that Part of the Coast of A/rica where the Slave Trade was prohibited by the Treaty of the Twenty second of January One thousand eight hundred and fifteen: And Whereas it was declared and agreed, by the Seventh Article of the said Convention, that all Ships of War of the Two Nations which shall hereafter be destined to prevent the illicit Traffic in Slaves, shall be furnished by their own Government with a Copy of the Instructions annexed to the said Convention, and which shall be considered as an integral Part thereof, and that such Instructions shall be written in Portuguese and English,

and signed for the Vessels of each of the Two Powers, by the Minister of their respective Marine, with a 4 Refer vation of the Faculty of altering the said In fir unions, in Whole or in Part, according to Circumstances 5 it being however well understood, that the said Alterations cannot take place but by common Agreement, and by the Consent of the Two High Contracting Parties: And Whereas it was, by the Eighth Article of the said Convention agreed, that in order to bring to Adjudication with the least Delay and Inconvenience, the Vessels which may be detained for having been engaged in an illicit Traffic in Slaves, there shall be established, within the Space of a Year at furthefl from the Exchange of the Ratifications of the said Convention, Two mixed Commissions, formed of an equal Number of Individuals of the Two Nations, named for the Purpose by their respective Sovereigns 5 and that those Commissions shall reside, one in a Possession belonging to His Majesty, the other within the Territories of His most Faithful Majesty; and that the Two Governments, at the Period of the Exchange of the Ratifications of the said Convention, should declare, each for its own Dominions, in what Places the Commissions shall respectively reside, each of the Two High Contracting Parties reserving to itself the Right of changing at its Pleasure the Place of Residence of the Commission held within its own Dominions; provided however that one of the Two Commissions shall always be held upon the Coast of Africa, and the other in the Braxils; and that these Commissions shall judge the Causes submitted to them, without Appeal, aBd according to the Regulations and Instructions annexed to the said Convention, of which they shall be considered as an integral Part: And Whereas by the Ninth Article of the said Convention, His Britannic Majesty, in conformity with the Stipulations of the Treaty of the Twenty second of January One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, engaged to grant, in the manner herein after explained, sufficient Indemnification to all the Proprietors of Portuguese Vessels and Cargoes captured by British Cruizers, between the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, and the Period at which the Two Commissioners pointed out in the Eighth Article of the said Convention shall assemble at their respective Polls 5 and His Majesty and His most Faithful Majesty did agree, that all Claims of the Nature before mentioned shall be received and liquidated by a mixed Commission to be held at London, and which shall consist of an equal Number of the Individuals of the Two Nations, named by their respective Sovereigns, and upon the fame Principles stipulated by the Eighth Article of the said Convention, and by the other Acts which form an integral Part of the fame; and that the aforesaid Commissioners shall commence their Functions Six Months after the Ratification of the said Convention, or sooner if poffibje: And Whereas it was also by the said Convention agreed, that the Proprietors of Vessels captured by the British Cruizers, cannot claim Compensation for a larger Number of Slaves than that which according to the existing Laws of Portugal they were permitted to transport according to the Rate of Tonnage of the captured Vessel; and that every Portuguese Vessel captured with Slaves on board for the Traffic, which shall be proved to have been embarked within the Territories of the Coast of 4 y^/rir^i situated to the North of Cape Palmas, and not belonging to the Crown of Portugal, as well as all Portuguese Vessels captured with Slaves on board for the Traffic, Six Months after the Exchange of the Ratifications of the Treaty of the Twenty second of January One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, and on which it can be proved that the aforesaid Slaves were embarked in the Roadfleads of the Coast of A/rica, situated to the North of the Equator, shall not be entitled to claim any Indemnification: And Whereas by the Tenth Article of the said Convention, His Majesty engaged to pav, within the Space of a Year at furthest from the Decision of each case, to the Individual haying a just Claim to the fame, the Sums which shall be granted to them by the Commissioners described in the preceding Articles of the said Convention: And Whereas by the Eleventh Article of the said Convention, His Majesty engaged to pay the Three 58 Geo. III. 4 C 4 hundred

C. 85. 58° GEORGII III. A.D. 1818.

hundred thousand Pounds Sterling of Indemnification, stipulated by the Convention of the Twenty first of

January One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, in favour of the Proprietors of Portuguese Vessels captured

by British Cruisers up to the Period of the First of June One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, in the

manner following 5 videlicet, the First Payment of One hundred and fifty thousand Pounds Sterling, Six

Months after the Exchange of the Ratifications of the Convention recited by this Act, and that the remaining c One hundred and fifty thousand Pounds Sterling, as well as the Interest at Five^r Centum due upon the total Sum, from the Day of the Exchange of the Ratifications of the Convention of the Twenty first of 1 January One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, should be paid Nine Months after the Exchange of the

Ratifications of the Convention recited by this Act; and that the Interest due shall be payable up to

the Day of the last Payment; and that all the aforesaid Payments shall be made in London, to the Minister of His most Faithful Majesty at the Court of His Majesty, or to the Persons whom His 1 most Faithful Majesty shall think proper to authorize for that Purpose': And Whereas it was by the 1 Twelfth Article of the said Convention declared, that certain Acts or Instruments annexed to the said

Convention should form an integral Part thereof, and which were a9 follows; that is to say, First, a

Form of Passport for the Portuguese Merchant Ships destined for the lawful Traffic in Slaves; Secondly,

Instructions for the Ships of War of both Nations destined to prevent the illicit Traffic in Slaves;

Thirdly, Regulation for the mixed Commissions which are to hold their Sittings on the Coast of Africa, at the Brazils, and in London: And Whereas the said Instructions before secondly referred to, and made an integral Part of the said Convention, did, in the First Article thereof, provide that every British or Portuguese Snip of War shall have a Right to visit the Merchant Ships of either of the Two Powers actually engaged or suspected to be engaged in the Slave Trade; and should any Slaves be found on board, according to the Tenor of the Sixth Article of the aforesaid Additional Convention, and as to what regards the Por-

iuguefe Vessels, should there be Ground to suspect that the said Slaves have been embarked on a Part of the

Coast of Africa where the Traffic in Slaves can no longer be legally carried on, in consequence of the Sti-

pulations in force between the Two High Contracting Powers, in these cases alone the Commander of the

laid Ship of War may detain them, and having detained them, he is to bring them as soon as possible for

Judgment before that of the Two mixed Commissions appointed by the Eighth Article of the Convention

which shall be nearest, or which the Commander of the capturing Ship shall, upon his own ResponAbility,

think he can soonest reach from the Spot where the Slave Ship shall have been detained 5 and that Ships on ' board of which no Slaves shall be found, intended for the Purposes of Traffic, shall not be detained on any

Account or Pretence whatever; and that Negro Servants or Sailors that may be found on hoard the said Vessels cannot in any case be deemed a sufficient Cause for Detention: And Whereas it was by the Second

Article of the said Instructions provided, that no Merchantman or Slave Ship can on any Account or Pretence whatever be visited or detained, whilst in the Port or Roadstead belonging to either of the Two

High Con tracing Powers, or within Cannon Shot of the Batteries on Shore; but in case suspicious Vessels

should be found so circumstanced, proper Representations may be addressed to the Authorities of the

Country, requesting them to take effectual Measures for preventing such Abuses: And Whereas it was also provided, in the Third Article of the said instruction, in consequence of the immense Extent of the Shores of Africa to the North of the Equator, along which this Commerce continues prohibited, and the Facility

thereby afforded for illicit Traffic, on Points where either the total Absence or at least the Distance of lawful Authorities bar ready Access to those Authorities; in order to prevent it, and for the more readily attaining

the faiutary End that His Majesty and His most Faithful Majesty did actually grant to each other the Power,

without Prejudice to the Rights of Sovereignty, to visit and detain, as it on the High Seas, any Vessel having Slaves on board, even within Cannot Shot of the Shore of their respective Territories on the Continent of Africa to the North of the Equator, in case of there being no local Authorities to whom Recourse might be had, as has been stated in the preceding Article; and that in such case, Vessels so visited may be brought before the mixed Commissioners in the Form prescribed in the First Article of the said Instructions;

and it was also by the Fourth Article of the Instructions provided, that no Portuguese Merchantman or Slave Ship shall, on any Pretence whatever, be detained, which shall be found any where near the Land or

on the High Seas South of the Equator, unless after a Chace that shall have commenced North of the Equator; and by the Fifth Article of the said Instructions, that Portuguese Vessels furnished with a regular Passport, having Slaves on board, shipped at those Parts of the Coast of Africa where the Trade is per-

mitted to Portuguese Subjects, and which shall afterwards be found North of the Equator, shall not be detained by the Ships of War of the Two Nations, though furnished with the present Instructions, provided the fame can account for their Course, either in conformity with the Practice of the Portuguese Navigation, by fleering some Degrees to the Northward in search of fair Winds, or for other legitimate Causes, such as the Dangers of the Sea, duly proved; or laftjy, in the case of their Passports proving that they were bound for a Portuguese Port not within the Continent of Africa; provided always, that with regard to all Slave Ships detained to the North of the Equator, the Proof of the Legality of the Voyage is to be

furnished by the Vessel so detained; on the other Hand, with respect to Slave Ships detained to the South of the Equator, in conformity with the Stipulations of the preceding Article, the Proof of the Illegality of the Voyage is to be exhibited by the Captor; it is in like manner stipulated, that the Number of Slaves found on board a Slave Ship by the Cruizers, even should the Number not agree with that contained in their Passport, shall not be a sufficient Reason to justify the Detention of the Ship, but the Captain and the Proprietors shall be denounced in the Portuguese Tribunals in the Brazils, in order to their being punished < according to the Laws of the Country: And Whereas it was by the Sixth Article of the said lnflructions provided, that every Portuguese Vessel intended to be employed in the legal Traffic in Slaves', in conformity

8*with

A.D. 1818. 58° GEORGII III. c. 85.

with the Principles laid down in the said Convention, shall be commanded by a Native Portuguese^ and Two thirds at lead of the Crew shall likewise be Portuguese; provided always, that its Portuguese or Foreign Construction shall in no wife affect its Nationalty, and that the Negro Sailors shall always be reckoned as Portuguese, provided they belong as Slaves to Subjects of the Crown of PqrtugaU or that they have been enfranchised in the Dominions of His most Faithful Majesty: And Whereas it was also, by the Seventh Article of the said Instructions, provided, that whenever a Ship of War shall meet a Merchant Vessel liable to be fearcked, it shall be done in the most mild manner, and with every Attention which is due between Allied and Friendly

Nations; and in no case shall the Search be made by an Officer holding a Hank inferior to that of Lieutenant in the Navy 5 and by the Eighth Article of the said Instructions, that the Ships of War which may

detain Slave Ships, in pursuance of the Principles laid down in the said Instructions, shall leave on board all the Cargo of Negroes untouched, as well as the Captain, and a Part at least of the Crew of the Slave Ship; and that the Captain shall draw up in Writing an authentic Declaration, which shall exhibit the State in which he found the detained Ship, and the Changes which may have taken place in it; and that he shaft deliver to the Captain of the Slave Ship a signed Certificate of the Papers seized on board the said Vessel,

as well as of the Number of Slaves found on board a*t the Moment of Detention; and that the Negroes shall not be disembarked till after the Vessels which contain them shall be arrived at the Place where the Legality of the Capture is to be tried by one of the Two mixed Commissions, in order that in the Event of their not being adjudged legal Prize, the Loss of the Proprietors may be more easily repaired, but that if urgent Motives, deduced from the Length of the Voyage, the State of Health of the Negroes, or other Causes, require that they shall be disembarked entirely or in Part, before the Vessel can arrive at the Place of the Residence of

One of the said Commissions, the Commander of the capturing Ship may take on himself the Respon Ability of such Disembarkation, provided that the Necessity be dated in a Certificate in proper Form; and it was by the ' Ninth Article of the said Instructions provided, that in Conveyance of Slaves from one Port of the Brazils to another, or from the Continent or Islands of Africa to the Possessions of Portugal out of America> shall take place as Objects of Commerce, except in Ships provided with Passports from the Portuguese Government ad hoc: And Whereas also it was by the said Regulations for the mixed Commissions which were to be established according to the Stipulations of the said Convention, and which Regulations were declared to bean integral Part of the said Convention, provided, in the First Article of the said Regulations, that the mixed Commissions to be established by the said Convention upon the Coast of Africa and in the Brazils, are

appointed to decide upon the Legality of the Detention of such Slave Vessels as the Cruizers of both

Nations shall detain, in pursuance of the said Convention, for carrying on an illicit Commerce in Slaves; and that the above mentioned Commissions shall judge, without Appeal, according to the Letter and Spirit of the Treaty of the Twenty second of January One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, and of the said Additional Convention to the said Treaty, signed at London on the Twenty eighth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, and recited in this Act, that the Commissions shall give Sentence as summarily as possible, and they are required to decide (as far as they shall find it practicable) within the Space of

Twenty Days, to be dated from that on which every detained Vessel shall have been brought into the Port where they shall reside; first, upon the Legality of the Capture; secondly, in the case in which the captured

Vessel shall have been liberated, as to the Indemnification which (he is to receive 5 and it is thereby provided that in all cases the final Sentence shall not be delayed on account of the Absence of Witnesses, or for Want of other Proofs, beyond the Period of Two Months, except upon the Application of any of the Parties interested, when, upon their giving satisfactory Security to charge th'emselves with the Expence and Ri/ks

of the Delay, the Commissioners may, at their Discretion, grant an additional Delay, not exceeding Foug

Months; and it was by the Second Article of the said Regulations provided, that each of the above mentioned mixed Commissions, which are to reside on the Coast of Africa and in the Brazils, shall be composed in the

following manner; the Two High Contrafting Parties mall each of them name a Commissary Judge and a 4 Commissioner of Arbitration, who shall be authorized to hear and to decide, without Appeal, all cases of

Capture of Slave Vessels which, in pursuance of the Stipulation of the Additional Convention of this date, may be laid before them; and that all the essential Parts of the Proceedings carried on before these mixed Commissions shall be written down in the Language of the Country in which the Commission may reside 5 4 and the Commissary Judges, and the Commissioners of Arbitration, shall make Oath, in Presence of the

Principal Magistrate of the Place in which the Commission may reside, to judge fairly and faithfully, to have no Preference either for the Claimants or the Captors, and to act in ail their Decisions in pursuance of the Stipulations of the Treaty of the Twenty second of January One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, and of the Additional Convention to the said Treaty recited in this Act 5 and that there shall be attached to

each Commission a Secretary or Registrar appointed by the Sovereign of the Country in which the

Commissions may reside, who shall register all its Acts, and who, previous to taking Charge of his Post,

shall make Oath, in Presence of at least One of the Commissary Judges, to conduct himself with Respect for

their Authority, and to act with Fidelity in all the Affairs which may belong to his Charge; and it was also provided in the Third Article of the Regulations* that the Form of the Rrocefs shall be as follows: The ' Commissary Judges of the Two Nations shall in the First Place proceed to the Examination of the Papers of the Vessel, and to receive the Depositions on Oatho&the Captain and Two or Three at least of the principal Individuals on board of the detained Vessel, as well as the Declaration on Oath of the Captor, should it ' appear necessary, in order to be able to judge and to pronounce if the said Vessel has been justly detained or ' not, according to the Stipulations of the said Additional Convention recited in this Act, and in order that according to this Judgment it may be condemned or liberated; and in the Event of the Two Commissary Judges not agreeing on the Sentence they ought to pronounce, whether as to the Legality of the Detention,

4 C 2 'or

564 C. 85. 58° GEORGII III. A.D. 1818.

4 or the Indemnification to be allowed, or on ^ny other Question which might result from the Stipulations of the said Convention, they shall draw by Lot the Name of One of the Two Commissioners of Arbitration, who,

after having considered the Documents of the Process, shall consult with the above mentioned Commissary Judges on the case in question, and the final Sentence shall be pronounced conformably in the Opinion of the

Majority of the above mentioned Commissary Judges, and of the above mentioned Commissioner of Arbitration: And it was also provided by the Fourth Article of the said Regulations, that as often as the Cargo of Slaves found on board of a Portuguese Slave Ship shall have been embarked on any Point whatever of the Coast of Africa where the Slave Trade continues lawful to the Subjects of the Crown of Portugal, such Slave.

Ship shall not be detained on Pretext that the above mentioned Slaves shall have been brought originally by Land from any other Part whatever of the Continent; and it was also in the Fifth Article of the said Regulations provided, that in the authenticated Declaration which the Captors shall make before the Commission, as well as in the Certificate of the Papers seized, which shall be delivered to the Captain of the captured Vessel at the time of the Detention, the above mentioned Captor shall be bound to declare his Name, the Name of his Vessel, as well as the Latitude and Longitude of the Place where the Detention shall have taken place,

and the Number of Slaves found living on board of the Slave Ship at the time of the Detention; and it was also provided, in the Sixth Article of the said Regulations, that as soon as Sentence shall have been patted,

the detained Vessel, if liberated, and what remains of the Cargo, shall be restored to the Proprietors, who may before the fame Commission claim a Valuation of the Damages which they may have a Right to demand,

the Captor himself, and in his Default his Government, shall remain responsible for the above mentioned Damages; and that the Two High Contracting Powers did bind themselves to defray, within the Term of 4 a Year from the Date of the Sentence, the Indemnifications which may be granted by the above named Commission, it being understood that these Indemnifications shall be at the Expence of the Power of which the Captor shall be a Subject; and by the Seventh Article of the said Regulation?, that in case of the Condemnation of a Vessel for an unlawful Voyage, she shall be declared lawful Prize, as well as her Cargo,

4 of whatever Description it may be, with the Exception of the Slaves who may be on board as Objects of Commerce 5 and the said Vessel, as well, as her Cargo, shall be sold by Public Sale, for the Profit of the Two Governments; and as to the Slaves, they shall receive from the mixed Commission a Certificate of Emancipation, and shall be delivered over to the Government on whose Territory the Commission which shall have so judged them shall be established, to be employed as Servants or Free Labourers, with Guarantee by each of the Two Governments respectively, the Liberty of such Portion of these Individuals as shall be respectively consigned to it 5 and it was also provided by the Eighth Article of the said Regulations, that every Claim for Compensation of Losses occasioned to Ships suspected of carrying on an illicit Trade in Slaves, not condemned as lawful Prize by the mixed Commissions, shall be also heard and judged

by the above named Commissions, in the Form provided by the Third Article of the said Regulations hereinbefore recited; and in all cases wherein Restitution shall be so decreed, the Commission shall award to the Claimant or Claimants, or his or their lawful Attorney or Attornies, for his or their Use, a just and complete Indemnification, first, for all Costs of Suit, and for all Lottes and Damages which the Claimant or Claimants may have actually sustained by futh Capture and Detention, that is to say, in the case of total Loss, the Claimant or Claimants shall be indemnified, filrft, for the Ship, her Tackle, Apparel and Stores; secondly, for all Freight due and payable; thirdly, for the Value of the Cargo of Merchandize, if any; fourthly, for the Slaves on board at the time of Detention, according to the computed Value of such Slaves at the Place of Destination, deducing therefrom the usual fair average Mortality for the unexpired Period of the regular Voyage, deducing also for all Charges and Expences payable upon the Sale of such Cargoes, including Commission of Sale when payable at such Port; and fifthly, for all other regular Charges in such case9 of total Loss; and in all other cases not of total Loss, the Claimant or Claimants shall be indemnified, first, for all special Damages and Expences occasioned to the Ship by the Detention, and for Loss of Freight when due or payable; secondly, a Demurrage, when due, according to the Schedule annexed; thirdly, a daily Allowance for the Subsistence of Slaves of One Shilling or One hundred and eighty Reis for each Person, without Distindfcion of Age or Sex, for so many Days as it shall appear to the Commission that the Voyage has been or may be delayed by reason of such Detention; as likewise, fourthly, for any Deterioration of Cargo or Slaves; fifthly, for any Diminution in the Value of the Cargo of Slaves proceeding from an increased Mortality beyond the average Amount of the Voyage, or from Sickness occasioned by Detention, this Value to be ascertained by their computed Price at the Place of Destination, as in the above case of total Loss;

sixthly, an Allowance of Five per Centum on the Amount of Capital employed in the Purchase and Maintenance of Cargo for the Period of Delay occasioned by the Detention; and seventhly, for all Premium of Insurance on additional Risks; the Claimant or Claimants shall likewise be entitled to Interest at the Rate of Five per Centum per Annum on the Sum awarded, until paid by the Government to which the capturing Ship belongs; the whole Amount of such Indemnifications being calculated in the Money of the Country to which the captured Ship belongs, and to be liquidated at Exchange Current at the time of Award, excepting the Sum for the Subsistence of Slaves, which shall be paid at par, as above stipulated; the Two High Contracting Parties wishing to avoid, as much as possible, every Species of Fraud in the Execution of the Additional Convention of this Date, have agreed, that if it should be proved, in a manner evident to the Conviction of the Judges of the Two Nations, and without having Recourse to the Decision of a Commflioner of Arbitration, that the Captor has been led into Error by a voluntary and represeniible Fault on the Part of the Captain of the detained Ship, in that case only the detained Ship shall not have the Right of receiving, during the Days of her Detention, the Demurrage stipulated by the present Article: —

5 Schedule

A.D. 1818. s'8 GEORGII III. c. 85.

Schedule of Demurrage or Daily Allowance for a Vessel of

100 Tons to 120 inclusive 121 ditto to 150 - ditto 151 ditto to 170 - ditto 171 ditto to 20a- ditto

per Diem;

200 Tons to 220 inclusive - £n\

221 ditto to 250 - ditto -12 I

251 ditto to 270 - ditto - 14 I

271 ditto to 300 - ditto - 15)

per Diem;

and so in proportion; and it was also provided by the Ninth Article of the said Regulations, that when the Proprietors of a Ship suspected of carrying on an illicit Trade in Slaves, released in consequence of a Sentence of One of the mixed Commissions (or in the case as above mentioned of total Loss), shall claim Indemnification for the Loss of Slaves which he may have suffered, he shall in no case be entitled to claim for more than the Number of Slaves which his Vessel was by the Portuguese Laws authorized to carry, which Number shall always be declared in his Passport; and it was also provided by the Tenth Article of the said Regulations, that the mixed Commission established in London by the Article Ninth of the said Convention hereinbefore recited, shall hear and determine all Claims for Portuguese Ships and Cargoes captured by British Cruizers, on account of the unlawful Trading in Slaves, fmce the First of June One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, till the Period when the Convention is to be in complete Execution, awarding to them, conformably to the Ninth Article of the said Convention, a just and complete Compensation, upon the Basis laid down in the preceding Article, either for total Loss, or for Losses and Damages sustained by the Owners and Proprietors of the said Ships and Cargoes; and it was also provided, that the said Commission established in London shall be composed and proceed exactly upon the fame Basis determined in the Articles of One, Two, and Three of the Regulations hereinbefore recited, for the Commissions established on the Coast of jifrica and the Braxils; and it was also provided by the Eleventh Article of the said Regulation, that it shall not be permitted to any of the Commissary Judges, nor to the Arbitrators, nor to the Secretary of any of the mixed Commissions, to demand or receive from any one of the Parties concerned in the Sentences which they shall pronounce, any Emolument, under any Pretext whatsoever, for the Performance of the Duties which are imposed upon them by the Regulations annexed to the Convention as aforesaid; and by the Ninth Article of the said Regulations, that when the Parties interested shall imagine they have Cause to complain of any evident Injustice on the Part of the mixed Commissions, they may represent it to their respective Governments, who reserve to themselves the Right of mutual Correspondence, for removing, when they think fit, the Individuals who may compose these Commissions: And it was also provided by the Thirteenth Article of the said Regulations, that in the case of a Vessel detained unjustly under the Pretence of the Stipulations of the Additional Convention of this Date, and in which the Captor should neither be authorized by the Tenor of the above mentioned Convention, nor of the Instructions annexed to it, the Government to which the detained Vessel may belong shall be entitled to demand Reparation, and in such case the Government to which the Captor may belong binds itself to cause the Subject of Complaint to be fully Examined, and to inflict upon the Captor, if he be found to have deserved it, a Punishment proportioned to the Transgression which may have been committed: And it was also agreed in the Fourteenth Article of the said Regulations, that in the Event of the Death of One or more of the Commissioners, Judges and Arbitrators composing the above mentioned mixed Commissions, their Polls shall be supplied ad interim in the following manner; on the Part of the British Government, the Vacancies shall be filled successively in the Commission which shall fit within the Possessions of His Britannic Majesty, by the Governor or Lieutenant Governor resident in that Colony, by the principal Magfstrate of the Place, and by the Secretary, and in the Brazils, by the British Consul and Vice Consul resident in the City in which the mixed Commission may be established; on the Part of Portugal, the Vacancies shall be supplied in the Brazils by such Persons as the Captain General of the Province shall name for that Purpose; and considering the Difficulty which the Portuguese Government would feel in naming fit Persons to fill the Polls which might become vacant in the Commission established in the British Possessions, it is agreed, that in case of the Death of the Portuguese Commissioners, Judge or Arbitrators, in those Possessions, the remaining Individuals of the above mentioned Commission shall be equally authorized to proceed to the Judgment of such Slave Ships as may be brought before them, and to the Execution of their Sentence; in this case alone, however, the Parties interested shall have the Right of appealing from the Sentence, if they think fit, to the Commission resident in the Brazils; and the Government to which the Captor shall belong shall be bound fully to defray the Indemnification which shall be due to them, if the Appeal be judged in favour of the Claimants, it being well understood that the Ship and Cargo shall remain during this Appeal in the Place of Residence of the First Commission before whom {he may have been conduced; and it was in the said Regulation agreed to supply, as Toon as possible, every Vacancy that may arise in the above men^oned Commissions from Death or any other Contingency 5 and in case that the Vacancy of each of the Portuguese Commissioners residing in the British Possessions be not supplied at the End of Six Months, the Vessels which are taken there to be judged, after the Expiration of that time, shall no longer have the Right of Appeal hereinbefore stipulated: And it was also further provided and declared and agreed, in a separate Article, that as Toon as the total Abolition of the Slave Trade for the Subjects of the Crown of Portugal shall have taken Place, the Two High Contrafting Parties, by common Consent, will adapt to that State of Circumstances the Stipulations of the said Additional Convention of the Twenty eighth July hereinbefore r.ecited; but in Default of such Alterations, that the said Additional Convention shall remain in force until the Expiration of Fifteen Years from the Day on which the general Abolition of the Slave Trade shall so take place on the Part of the Portuguese Government; and that the said separate Article shall have the fame Force and Validity as if it were inserted Word for Word in the said Additional Convention

British Ships of War duly authorized may seize all Vessels acting contrary to the said Convention.

British Vessels trading in Slaves, or acting contrary to the Convention, subject to Visit and Detention by Portuguese or British Veirds, and to Condemnation by the Commissioners, &c.

His Majesty may appoint Commissary Judges and Commissioners of Arbitration.

Their Power.

And may appoint Secretary and Registrar with Salaries, who are to execute the Duties of their Office.

How Vacancies in Commission to be tilled up.

CommiflV»ry Judges, Com-roiflioners of Arbitration, and Secretary to take Oaths for due Execution of Office.

C. 85. 58° GEORGII III. A.D. 1818.

vention hereinbefore mentioned as aforesaid: And Whereas it is expedient and necessary that effectual Provision Should be made for carrying into Execution the srovisions of the said Treaty; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for any Officers commanding any Ship of War of His Majesty, duly authorized in that behalf, and provided with Instructions according to the Provisions of the said Convention, to visit and detain all Ships and Vessels which shall be suspected, upon reasonable Grounds, of having Slaves on board acquired by an illicit Traffic, according to the Articles of the said Convention, and to detain and bring to Adjudication all Ships, Vessels and Cargoes thereby made subject to Detention and Condemnation, according to the Provisions of the said Convention, and the Instructions and Regulations aforesaid.

II. And be it further enacted, That all Ships and Vessels, belonging wholly or in part to His Majesty's Subjects, which shall be suspected upon reasonable Grounds of having Slaves on board acquired by*an illicit Traffic, shall be and are hereby declared and made, according to the said Treaty, Convention and Regulations aforesaid, subject to the Visitation of British or Portuguese Vessels of War, duly authorized for that Purpose, according to the Provisions before recited 5 and that all Ships and Vessels belonging wholly or in part to His Majesty's Subjects, which shall be found having Slaves on board acquired by an illicit Traffic, contrary to the Treaty, Convention and Regulations so recited as aforesaid, and all Boats, Apparel, Furniture and Slaves belonging to such Ships or Vessels, and all Cargoes therein, shall be and are hereby declared to be and made subject to the Visit and Detention of British or Portuguese Vessels of War duly authorized for that Purpose, according to the Stipulations of the said Convention, and to Forfeiture according to the Provisions of the said Convention, and the Regulations and Instructions thereunto annexed, and for that Purpose shall be and are hereby made subject to the Adjudication of, and to Condemnation or other Judgment by the Commissary Judges and Commissioners to be appointed according to the Provisions of the said Convention, and to the Instructions and Regulations annexed thereto, recited as aforesaid.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, by any Warrant under His Royal Sign Manual, countersigned by One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, to appoint such Commissary, Judges and Commissioners of Arbitration as are in and by the said Convention and Regulations thereto annexed, mentioned to be appointed by His Majesty, and from time to time to supply any Vacancies which may arise in such Offices, by appointing other Persons thereto; and to grant Salaries to such Commissary Judges and Commissioners of Arbitration as aforesaid, not exceeding such Annual Sums as the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of Great Britain and Ireland shall from time to time direct 5 and such Commissary Judges and Commissioners are hereby authorized and empowered to examine and decide all such cases of Detention, Captures and Seizures of Vessels and their Cargoes as aforesaid, drained, seized, taken or captured under the said Treaty or Convention, or Instructions and Regulations, as are by the said Treaty, Convention, Instructions and Regulations, and by this Act, made subject to their Jurisdiction, and to proceed therein, and give such Judgments and make such Orders therein, and to do all other Acts, matters and things appertaining thereto, agreeably to the Provisions of the said Treaty and Convention* and the Instructions and Regulations annexed thereto and recited as aforesaid, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if special Powers and Authorities were specifically and particularly inserted and given in relation thereto in this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, by any Warrant under His Royal Sign Manual, countersigned by One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State for the time being, to nominate and appoint a Secretary or Registrar to the Commission which shall be established in His Majesty's Dominions, and from time to time to supply, by other Appointments, any Vacancy which may thereafter occur in such Office, and to grant Salaries to such Secretary or Registrar, not exceeding such Annual Sum as the said Lords Commissioners shall from time to time direct; and such Secretary or Registrar is hereby respectively authorized and empowered to do, perform and execute all the Duties of such Office, as set forth and described in the said Convention, Instructions and Regulations respectively hereinbefore recited as aforesaid, and to do, perform and execute all such Acts, matters and things as may be necessary for the due Discharge of the Duties of his Office, according to the Provisions of the said Convention and Instructions and Regulations as aforesaid.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Governor or Lieutenant Governor or Principal Magistrate of the Colony or Settlement in which the Commission shall fit, within the Possessions of His Britannic Majesty, to fill up every Vacancy which shall arise in such Commission, either of Commissary Judge, Commissioner or any Officer thereof, appointed by His Majesty as aforesaid, according to the Prodfions contained in the before recited Regulations annexed to the said Convention as aforesaid, ad interim, until such Vacancy or Vacancies shall be thereafter filled by some Person or Persons appointed by His Majesty for that Purpose.

VI. And be it further enacted, That every Commissary Judge and Commissioner of Arbitration, appointed by His Majesty, shall, before he shall enter upon the Execution of any of the Duties of such his Office, take an Oath, in the Presence of the Principal Magistrate then residing and acting in the Colony, Settlement or Place in which the Commission shall be appointed to reside; which Oath every such Magistrate in any Colony, Settlement or Place belonging to His Majesty, in which such Court or Commission shall be appointed, is hereby authorized to administer, in the Form following; that is to say,

I A.B. do folerrtnly swear, That I will, according to the bell of my Skill and Knowledge, act in the

Execution of my Office as faithfully, impartially, fairly and without Preference or

Favour, either for Claimants or Captors, or any dther Persons $ and that I will, to the bed of my

' Judgment

A.D. 1818.

58° GEORGII III.

0.8 5. 567

c Judgment and Power, ad in pursuance of and according to the Stipulations, Regulations and Instructions ' contained in the Convention between His Majesty and His most Faithful Majesty, signed at London on 1 the Twenty eighth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and seventeen. So help me GOD.*

And every Secretary or Registrar appointed by His Majesty under the Provisions of the Treaty, and Regulations and Instructions, and of this Act, shall, before he enters on the Duties of his said Office, take the like Oath before the British Commissary Judge as aforesaid, who is hereby empowered to administer the same.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissary Judges, or either of them, or for any such Secretary or Registrar, and they are hereby respectively empowered, to administer Oaths to and take the Depositions of all Parties, Witnesses and other Persons who may come or be brought before them to be examined, or for the Purpose of deposing, in the Course of any Proceeding before the said Commissary Judges, or before the said Commissary Judges and the Commissioners of Arbitration, in the cases in winch such Commissioner of Arbitration shall act with the said Commissary Judges, under the said Convention, Instructions or Regulations, or this Act; and it shall also be lawful for the said Commissary Judges, or for the said Commissary Judges and Commissioners of Arbitration, in the cases aforesaid, to summon before them all Persons whom they may deem it necessary or proper to examine, in relation to any Suit, Proceeding or matter or thing under their Cognizance, and to fend for and issue Precepts for the producing of all such Papers as may relate to the matters in question before them, and to enforce all such Summonses, Orders and Precepts by such and the like Means, Powers and Authorities as any Court of Vice Admiralty may do.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall wilfully and corruptly give false Evidence, in any Examination or Deposition or Affidavit had or taken upon or in any Proceeding before the said Commissary Jifdges or Commissioners aforesaid, under the said Treaty, Instructions or Regulations, or this Act, shall be deemed guilty of Perjury, and being thereof convicted, shall be subject and liable to all the Punishments, Pains and Penalties to which Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury are liable; and every such Person may be tried for any such Perjury, either in the Place where the Offence was committed, or in any Colony or Settlement of His Majesty near thereto, in which there is a Court of competent Jurisdiction to try any such Offence, or in Hi.s Majesty's Court of King's Bench in England; and that in case of any Prosecution for such Offence in His Majesty's said Court of King's Bench, the Venue may be laid in the County of Middlesex.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Pendency of any Suit or Proceeding instituted before the said Commissioners for the Condemnation or Restitution of any Ship or Cargo of Slaves taken, seized or detained by virtue of the said Convention, or Instructions or Regulations thereto annexed, or the final Adjudication, Condemnation or Judgment or Determination thereupon, may be pleaded in Bar, or given in Evidence under the General Issue, and shall be and be deemed and adjudged in any Court whatever to be a good and complete Bar in any Action, Suit or Proceeding, whether brought or instituted by any Person or Persons for the Recovery of any such Ship, Vessel or Cargo, or of any Damage or for any Injury sustained thereby, or by the Persons on board the fame, in consequence of any Capture, Seizure or Detention, or Ad, matter or thing done under the Authority or in pursuance of the Provisions of the said Convention, or of the Instructions or Regulations thereto annexed; any thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament, or Law or Laws to the contrary notwithstanding.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lords Commissioners of Appeal in Prize Causes, and for the High Court of Admiralty, in all cases and Questions arising out of the said Captures that may be depending before them, or that may be brought before them on Appeal from any Vice Admiralty Court, according to their respective Jurisdictions, to proceed therein, and to hear and determine all Questions respecting any Right or Interest in or to the fame, to which His Majesty, or the Captors or Seizors of such Ships, Vessels or Cargoes, may claim to be entitled, by reason of the Capture or Seizure thereof and the Laws relating thereto, and to enforce their Judgments and Orders therein by the usual Process of the said Courts; any thing in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in all such cases as aforesaid in which the Captors or Seizors shall not establish any Right or Interest on their behalf, by reason of the Capture thereof and the Laws relating thereto, it shall be lawful for the said Courts respectively to order and adjudge the Ships, Vessels and Cargoes, or the Proceeds thereof, and all and every Part thereof, into or to or which f the Captors shall not establish any Right or Interest as aforesaid, to be delivered or paid, for the Use of His Majesty, to such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being shall appoint to receive the same, and to enforce the Delivery or the Payment thereof by the usual Process as is used and established by Law in cases of Prize; any thing in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XII. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be deemed or construed in anywise to alter, suspend, affect, relax or repeal any of the Clauses, Penalties, Forfeitures or Punishments contained and enacted in any Act or Acts of Parliament made for the Suppression or Prevention of the Slave Trade; but that all such Acts of Parliament, and all Clauses, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures and Punishments therein respectively contained, shall remain in full Force and Virtue 5 any thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced, either in Great Britain or elsewhere, or against any Person or Persons, for any thing done in pursuance of the said Treaty, or Inductions or Regulations thereto annexed, or of this Act, the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit

may

CommifTiry Judges and Commissioners, and their Secretary, may administer Oaths to Witnesses, &c. and summon Persons and fend for Papers, &c.

Persons giving falle Evidence Perjury.

Suit pending before, or Judgment by any such Commission, m-y be pleaded in Bar or given in Evidence in any Action brought for any thing done under the Treaty.

Proviso for Jurisdiction of Prize Courts of Appeal, and High Court of Admiralty.

Provision in case of Captors not establishing their Rights.

1 S'"

Proviso for Arts for Suppression Suppression of the Slave T rude.

General Issue pleaded.

568 C. 85 — 88. 58° GEORGII III. A.D. 1818.

may plead the General Issue, and give this Act as herein recited, and the specia! matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the Authority of the said Convention, Instructions or Regulations, or of this Act; and if it shall appear so to have been done, the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and if the Plaintiff shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his Action after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if Judgment shall be given, upon any Verdict or Treble Costs. Demurrer, against the Plaintiff, the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the fame at Defendants have in other cases by Law.

CAP. LXXXVI.

An Act: for raising the Sum of Eleven millions six hundred thousand Pounds by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and eighteen.

[5th June 1818.]

[This Act is the same as 57 G. 3. c. 2. except as to Dates and Sums, and that the Proviso for Alteration, &c. during the Session contained in SeSion 8. of that AS is omitted in this Act.]

CAP. LXXXVII.

An Act for raising the Sum of Eight hundred thousand Pounds British Currency, by Treasury Bills, in Ireland> for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and eighteen.

[5th June 1818.]

[This Act is the same as 57 G. 3. c. 81. except as to Dates and

57 G. 3. c. 34.

§5-

Comrmlfioners, with Approbation of Lord Lieutenant, may advance Money for Public Works under Direction of any Corporation cr, Commissioners, on the Credit of the Rates, &c. or on the Credit of Presentments to be made by Grand Juries, as herein mentioned.

Money to be advanced at Intermit from jl. to 61. per Cent, to be repaid by Instalments.

CAP. LXXXVIII.

An Act to amend Two Acts made in the last Session of Parliament, for authorizing the Issue of Exchequer Bills, and the Advance of Money for carrying on Public Works and Fisheries, and Employment of the Poor; and to extend the Powers of the Commissioners appointed for carrying the said Acts into Execution in Ireland.

[5 th June 1818.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to authorize the KIJfue 1 of Exchequer Bills, and the Advance of Money out of the Consolidated Fund to a limited Amount, for the carrying on of Public Works and Fisheries in the United Kingdom, and Employment of the Poor in Great Britain, in manner therein mentioned; it is among other things enacted, that at any time after the passing

of the said Act, by or out of such Monies as shall at any time or times remain in the Receipt of the Exchequer of Ireland, or out of the growing Produce of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom

arising in Ireland (after paying or reserving sufficient to pay all such Sum and Sums of Money as have been directed by any former Act or Acts of Parliament to be paid in Ireland out of the said Consolidated Fund),

there should and might be issued, by Order of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, from time to time, in manner and under the Regulations in the said Act mentioned and contained, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Two hundred and fifty thousand Pounds, to be applied to the Purposes of the said Act, in manner and under the Regulations therein mentioned j and it was also enacted, that it should be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being to appoint such Persons as he or they should-think fit to be Commissioners for the Execution of the said Act in Ireland, in manner therein mentioned j And Whereas the said recited Act was amended by another Act made in the same Session of Parliament, and it is expedient that the said recited Acts shall be amended in manner herein after mentioned; 9 Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners for the time being for the Execution of the said recited Acts in Ireland, by and with the Approbation of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, to make any Advance of Money under the said recited Acts and this Act in Aid of any Public Work carried on under the Direction of any Corporation in Ireland, or of any Commissioners appointed by Parliament, or by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors' of Ireland for the time being, upon the Credit of any Rates, Rents, Tolls or Profits which are or shall be levied, paid and applied under the Authority or Control of any such Corporation, or of any Commissioners or Persons so appointed; and also to make any such Advances upon the Credit of any Pr^efentment to be made by the Grand Jury of any County, or County of a City or County of a Town, provided that such Presentment be made in the manner herein after mentioned and directed; and that in all cases where any Advance of Money shall be made upon the Credit of any such Rates, Rents, Tolls or Profits, or of such Presentments, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, by and with the Consent aforesaid, to direct such Advance to be made upon One or more Mortgage or Mortgages, Assignment or Assignments of such Rates, Rents, Tolls or Profits only, without requiring any personal Security for the fame 5 ?nd also to advance any Sum or Sums of Money, .under the Provisions of the said recited Acts and this Act, at such Rate of Interest, not less than Five Pounds per Centum, nor more than Six Pounds per Centum, as to the said Commissioners shall seem fit, and to provide that the principal Money so to be advanced shall be repaid by Instalments in any Sum or Sums not less than Five Pounds per Centum per Annum of the principal Money so lent or advanced, as the said Commissioners shall think fit.

A.D. 1818. 58° GEORGII III. C. 88.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Grand Jury of a County, or County of a City, or County of a Town, at any Assizes, or if in the County of Dublin, or County of the City of Dublin, in any presenting Term, to present any Sum or .Sums of Money for the Purpose of any Public Work which is by the Laws now in force competent for them to present, in order to obtain Advances of Money from the said Commissioners, and to set forth in such Preferment that such Sum or Sums of Money shall be raised and levied by yearly Instalments of not less than Five Pounds per Centum of the whole Supi to be expended, and likewise to present a Sum sufficient to pay the annual Interest of such Sum or Sums to be so expeuded, at a Rate not less than Five Pounds per Centum, nor more than Six Pounds per Centum, and to set forth in such Preferment what Part thereof shall be raised upon any Barony or Baronies in such County, or on the County at large; and that the Treasurer of such County, County of a City, or County of a Town, shall from time to time, without further Authority or Preferment in that behalf, insert in his Warrant, at each Assizes or presenting Term (if in the County of Dublin, or County of the City of Dublin), the Portion or Portions so set forth of the Sum so presented, and the Sum for annual Interest thereof; and the same shall be raised and levied in like manner, from time to time, and with like Remedy in case of Non Payment, as all other Money directed by such Warrant is by Law to be levied; and when and so soon as such Preferment shall have been duly certified by the a6ling Clerk of the Crown to the Commissioners for the Execution of the said recited Acts and this Act, and not sooner, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners to advance such Sum of Money so presented, or any Part thereof as hereinbefore mentioned, to the Treasurer of such County, County of a City, or County of a Town, to be applied for the Purpose of accomplishing the Works for which such Presentment or Preferments shall have been made; and all such Money so advanced and paid to such Treasurer shall be accounted for by him in like manner as any other Monies received by him for the Use of such County; and all Securities given by him or in his behalf shall extend to such Money.

III. And be it further enacted, That every such Treasurer receiving any such Money shall pay into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer in Ireland all such Sums as shall from time to time be received from the Baronial or other Collectors by virtue of the Preferments on account of which such Money shall have been advanced, until the whole Sum advanced shall be repaid, together with Interest for the fame, at the Rate, at which it shall have been agreed that the same shall be repaid.

IV. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That if any Sum or Sums of Money, for Repayment of which any Presentment or Preferments shall have been made, shall not be obtained from or granted by the said Commissioners for the Execution of the said recited Acts and this Act, within Six Months from the time of making such Presentment or Preferments, that then and in such case every such Presentment or Preferments, for or on account of which Money shall not have been obtained as aforesaid, shall be quaffied or vacated by the next going Judge of Assize, or by His Majesty's Court of King's Bench if in the County or County of the City of Dublin, at the Assizes or in the Term, as the case may be, next following the Expiration of the said Six Months, any thing in this Act contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding; and if it shall so happen that any Money shall have been raised by virtue of any such Presentment or Presentments, which shall not be required for the Purposes for which it shall have been so raised, the same shall be carried to the Credit generally of the Countyf or of the County of the Town, or of the County of the City, whereon the same shall have been levied by the Treasurer of such County, or County of a Town, or County of a City respectively.

V. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where any Advance or Advances of Money shall be required to be made on the Security of any Presentment or Presentments directed by any Act or AcU of Parliament in force in Ireland to be made by any Grand Jury or Grand Juries in Ireland for any special or particular Purpose or Purposes, or in Aid of any Public Works or Charitable Institutions carried on under the Management or Direction of any Corporation, or of any Commissioners or Persons appointed as in the said recited Acts and hereinbefore mentioned, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners for the Execution of the said recited Acts and this Act in Ireland, by and with the Consent and Approbation aforesaid, to direct such Advance or Advances to be made upon Mortgage or Assignment of such Presentment or Presentments, without requiring any Person or Persons to enter into any personal Security for the fame, such Advances to be made at such Rate of Interest, not less than Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, nor more than Six Pounds per Centum per Annum, as to the said Commissioners for the Execution of the said recited Act and this Act in Ireland shall seem fit; and provided that the principal Sum or Sums to be so advanced shall be repaid by Instalments of not less than Five Pounds per Centum per Annum on the original principal Sum advanced as the Caid Commissioners shall think fit; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners for the Execution of the said recited Acts and this Act, to take and accept a Mortgage or Mortgages of such Presentment or Presentments, for securing the Repayment of such Advance or Advances and the Interest thereof; or to advance Money upon the Credit of such Presentment or Presentments, to be secured by any such Deed or Deeds or other Instrument, or by such other Method as shall be deemed necessary for that Puroofe by the said Commissioners; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for the Grand Jury, who shall be sworn at (inchAflizes, or at such Term if in the County of Dublin, or County of the City of Dublin, as the case may be, at which such Presentment shall have been made, to assign such Presentment, and the Money to be derived thereby, to the said Commissioners, by such Deed or Instrument as shall be required by the said Commissioners; Notice of which Deed or Deeds or such Security shall be given in Writing to the Treasurer or Treasurers of the County or Counties upon which the Presentment or Presentments so to be assigned, mortgaged or secured shall have been directed to be raised; and from thenceforth such Treasurer or Treasurers ftuul be accountable for the due and regular Payment of the annual Sums so agreed to be repaid in discharge of such principal Sums

58 Gjso. III. 4 D and

569

Grand Juries may make Presentments foe any Public Works, in order to obtain Advances of Money for tho fame, payable by Instalments with Interest.

Presentment being certified Iry Clerk of the Crown to the Commissioners, they may advance the Money.

Treasurer to pay Monies received into Exchequer until repaid with Interest.

If Money not advanced in Six r Months, Presentment quashed.

Surplus Money raised to be carried to the Credit of the County, he.

Advances on Credit of Preferments may be made upon Mortgage or Assignment of Presentments, with Interest, whereofNotice shall be given to the County Treasurer.

Notice <d Security to TVea-furetf of County.

57° C. 88, 89, 9°. 58° GEORGII 1IL

A.D. 1818.

No Bond or other Security, Affidavit, Receipt, &c. liable to Stamp Duty.

and the Interest thereof, at the times and in the manner set forth in such* Deed or Deeds of Alignment or Mortgage to be executed as aforesaid; and all Securities given by him or them, or on his or their behalf, shall extend to such Money.

VI. And be it further enacted, That no Bond to His Majesty, nor any Mortgage, Surrender, AHignment or other Instrument or Assurance taken by the said Commissioners in Ireland in the Name of their Secretary for the time being, or otherwise, under the said recited Acts or this Act, nor any Examination, Affidavit, De-position, Receiptor Consent by Sureties or Surety to an Extension of time granted by the said Commissioners for Payment of any Exchequer Bills, or Money advanced to any Principal by virtue of the said recited Acts or this Act 5 nor any Receipt or other Document which may be taken or made under and by virtue of the said recited Acts or this Act, and for the Purpose of carrying the said Acts and this Act into Execution in Ireland, shall be liable to any Stamp Duty whatever; any thing in any Act or Acts in force in Ireland to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

CAP. LXXXIX.

An Act: to repeal so much of an Act passed in the Forty third Year of His present Majesty, as requires the Attendance of Magistrates on board Vessels carrying Passengers from the United Kingdom to His Majesty's Plantations or to Foreign Parts.

[5th June 1818.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for regulating the Vessels carrying Passengers from the United Kingdom to His Majesty's Plantations and Settlements Abroad, or to Foreign Parts, with respe8 to the Number of such Passengers > it is*amongst other things -enacted, that it shall and may be lawful for the Collector, Comptroller or Surveyor of the Customs of the Port or Place at which any such Ship or Vessel shall be cleared out, or in the Absence of such Collector, Comptroller and Surveyor, the resident Officer of the Customs at the Port, together with any One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace or other Magistrate, if such Justice or Magistrate can be found at such Port or Place, or within a convenient Distance thereof, and such Collector or Comptroller or such resident Officer, together with such Justice or Magistrate, is hereby directed and required to muster*the Passengers and Crew on board every such Ship or Vessel immediately before failing, and to compare the Persons found on board with the Persons specified and described in the said Muster Roll, delivered by such Master or other Person aforesaid, and to search and inspect every such Ship or Vessel: And Whereas the Attendance of Justices or Magistrates required by the said Act has been found inconvenient, and it 1*9 4 expedient to remedy the fame Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the Provisions contained in the said recited Act, as requires His Majesty's Justices of the Peace or other Magistrate to muster the Passengers and Crew on board every such Ship or Vessel, or as requires any other matter or thing to be executed or performed by such Justice or Magistrate, with regard to such Ships or Vessels and the Passengers and Crew on board the fame, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed; and it shall and may be lawful for the Collector or Comptroller, or other proper Officer of the Customs, and he and they is and are hereby empowered and required to do, execute and perform all and singular the matters and, things required by the said Act to be done, ' executed and performed by such Justice or Magistrate.

CAP. XC.

An Act to alter and amend certain of the Provisions of an Act passed in the Fifty first Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to provide for the Administration of the Royal Authority, and for the Care of His Majesty's Royal Person, during the Continuance of His Majesty's illness; and for the Resumption of the Exercise of the Royal Authority by His Majesty.

[5 th June 1818.]

WHEREAS due attention to the Care of Her Most Excellent Majesty's Health may require that Her Majesty should be occasionally absent from His Most Excellent Majesty's Place of Residence, and it*is expedient that at such times One or more Members of Her Majesty's Council, as it may please Her Majesty to order and direct, should personally attend at His Majesty's Place of Residence: And Whereas several of the present Members of Her Majesty's Council, appointed under the Authority of an Act passed 51 G. 3. c. 1. < in the Fifty first Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to provide for the Administration of the Royal

Authority, and for the Care of His Majesty's Royal Person, during the Continuance of His Majesty's illness,

and for the Resumption of the Exercise of the Royal Authority by His Majesty, by reason of their official*Duties are frequently unable to give such personal Attendance, and it is therefore fit that the Number of the Members of such Council should be increased : Be it therefore enacted by The King'6 Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this Members of Her present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That George Earl of Macclesfield\ William Majesty's Coun- Lord Bishop of London, Alleyne Lord Saint Helens, and Morton Lord Henley, shall be and are hereby con-h stituted and appointed Members of Her Majesty's said Council 5 and if it should happen that any of them

en>r wer^to depart this Life, or by Instrument in Writing signify to Her Majesty thehr Intention to decline to act,

appoint ethers in t^en* shall be lawful for Her Most Excellent Majesty, by any Instrument or Iftstruments in Writing, -ale of Death, revocable at Her Will and Pleasure, to nominate and appoint some one Person, being or having been a Member of His Majesty's Most Hpnourable Privy Council, to be a Member of Her Majesty's said Council in the room

12, or

43<>*3. c. 56.

§4.

repealed.

Collector or Comptroller of Customs to perform the Duties.

i^»

A.D. 1818. 58° GEORGII III. C. 90.

or place of each and every of them so departing this Life, or declining to act as aforesaid; every of which Members hereby constituted and appointed, and so to be nominated and appointed, shall have such and the like Powers and Authorities, and execute and discharge such and the like Duties, as any of the present Members of Her Majesty's Council now hath, or can or may execute or discharge under the Provisions and Authorities made and given by the said before mentioned Act, first taking the Oath required to be taken by the Members of Her Majesty's Council by the said Act, in the manner and at the time thereby prescribed; provided that every such Nomination and Appointment so to be made by Her Majesty as aforesaid shall be forthwith certified by an Instrument in Writing, signed and sealed by Her Majesty, to the Lords of His Majesty's Moil; Honourable Privy Council, and shall be entered in the Books of the said Privy Council.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of the said Act, passed in the Fifty first Year of His Majesty's Reign, as ena&s, that in the case therein for that Purpose mentioned, The Regent of the United Kingdom should forthwith order and direct a Proclamation to be iiTued under the Great Seal of the United Kingdom, and published, declaring as in the said Act is directed; and also so much of the said Act as enacte, as therein is enacted, in case such Proclamation so ordered and directed by The Regent Should issue, touching the Meeting and Sitting of the Parliament at that time in being, or of the last preceding Parliament, or of a new Parliament, in the respective cases in which it is by the said Act provided that such Parliaments respectively should immediately meet, convene and fit 5 shall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the case shall happen in which it was enacted by the said Act, that The Regent should forthwith order and direct such Proclamation to be iiTued and published as aforesaid, then, from and immediately after the same shall happen, the Care of His Majesty's sacred Person, and all and every the Powers and Authorities veiled in Her Majesty by Parliament touching the Care of His Majesty's Person, and the disposing, ordering and managing all matters and things relating thereto, shall become veiled and continue veiled in Her Majesty's Council, until Parliament shall make due Provision relating thereto, in like manner and as fully as such Care, Powers and Authorities were veiled or intended to be veiled in such case by the before mentioned Act of the Fifty first Year of His Majesty's Reign in Her Majesty's Council, until such due Provision should have been made according to the said Act.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if such case as aforesaid shall happen, and the Parliament in being at the time shall then be separated, The Regent shall forthwith cause to be issued and published a Proclamation under the Great Seal of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, declaring that such case hath happened, and requiring the said Parliament to meet and fit at Westminster at the Day to which such Parliament had been adjourned or prorogued, or upon some Day to be mentioned in such Proclamation, and being within Sixty Days, to be computed from the Date of such Proclamation, and the Parliament shall thereby be deemed and taken to be duly prorogued to such Day so to be mentioned in such Proclamation.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if such case as aforesaid shall happen, and there shall be no Parliament in being at the time, and the same shall happen before the Day appointed by any Writs of Summons then issued for calling and assembling a new Parliament, then and in such case The Regent shall forthwith cause to be issued and published a Proclamation under the Great Seal aforesaid declaring that such case hath happened, and requiring such new Parliament to convene and fit at Westminster, either upon the Day appointed by such Writs of Summons for assembling the new Parliament, or upon some Day to be mentioned in such Proclamation, and being within Sixty Days, to be computed from the Date of such Proclamation; and in such latter case, upon the Day appointed by the said Writs of Summons for aflfcmbling the new Parliament, the same shall in the due and accustomed manner be prorogued to such Day so to be mentioned in such Proclamation.

VI. And be it also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if such case as aforesaid shall happen upon or after the Day appointed by any Writ of Summons then issued for calling and assembling a new Parliament, and before such new Parliament shall have met and fat as a Parliament, then and in such case The Regent shall forthwith cause such a Proclamation as aforesaid to be issued arid published, declaring that such case hath happened, and requiring the new Parliament either to convene and fit at Westminster immediately after such Proclamation shall have been published, or upon some Day to be mentioned in such Proclamation, and being within Sixty Days, to be computed from the Date of the said Proclamation; and in each case the Parliament so convening and fitting shall be and be deemed to be a Parliament to all Intents and Purposes under the Provisions of this Act. '

VII. And Whereas by an Act passed in the Thirty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

intituled an Act to shorten the time now required for giving Notice of the Royal Intention of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, that the Parliament shall meet and be holden for the Dispatch of Business, and more cjfedually to provide for the Meeting of Parliament in the case of a Demise of the Crown; it is

amongst other things enacted, that in the case of the Demise of His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors,

' subsequent to the Dissolution or Expiration of a Parliament, and before the Day appointed by the Writs

of Summons for assembling a new Parliament, the last preceding Parliament shall immediately convene and fit at Westminster, and be a Parliament, for such time to all Intents and Purposes, and subject as therein is provided: And Whereas by the aforesaid Act passed in the Fifty first Year of His Majesty's Reign, it is amongst other things enacted, that if His Royal Highness The Prince of Wales shall depart this Life

during the Continuance of the Regency by that Act established, or cease to be Regent under any of the Provisions thereof, the Lords of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council shall forthwith cause a 4 Proclamation to be issued in His Majesty's Name, under the Great Seal of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, declaring the fame $ and in case any such Proclamation shall issue at any time sub-

4 D Z 4 sequent

57*

51 G. 3. C. 1, §22.

repealed.

In what case the Care of His Majesty's Person to vefl in Her Majestys Council, until Parliament make Provision therein.

In such case, and if Parliament separated. Proclamation to be issued for Meeting within 60 Days.

If no Parliament, and such case happen before Day of Meeting appointed by Writ of Summons, Proclamation issued as herein mentioned.

If such case happen on or after Day appointed by such Writ, Proclamation issued as herein mentioned.

37 G. 3. c.li?. 5 3.

51 G. 3. c. 1.

§ 22.

572 C. 90, 91.

58° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1818.

In case of De-mise of His Majesty, or of The Regent, subsequent to Dissolution or Expiration of Parliament, and before Day appointed for Meeting of a new Parliament, the Writ* of Summons shall be superseded and discharged. Such Events being notified by Proclamation. Proviso for Acts providing for the Meeting of Parliament, in case of the Demise of His Majesty,

Ac.

Commissioner* appointed to in-quire into the Amount, Nature and Management of Charities connected with Education of the Poor.

To report Half Yearly to The King and Parliament.

And in case* where Estates cannot be applied.

Oath to be administered to Commissioners.

sequent to the Dissolution or Expiration of a Parliament, and before the Day appointed by any Writs of ' Summons then issued for assembling a new Parliament, then and in such case the lad preceding Parliament ' shall immediately convene and fit at Westminster, and be a Parliament, for such time to all Intents and Purposes, and subject as therein is mentioned: And Whereas Doubts may arise as to the Effect of the Demise

of His Majesty, and of His Royal Highness The Prince of Wales, Regent, respectively, or of His Royal 1 Highness ceasing to be Regent as aforesaid, subsequent to the Dissolution or Expiration of a Parliament,

and before the Day appointed by any Writs of Summons then issued for assembling a new Parliament, ' with respect to the Execution or further Execution of such Writs of Summons Be it therefore declared and enabled, That upon such Events respectively taking place as aforesaid subsequent to the Dissolution or Expiration of a Parliament, and before the Day appointed by any Writs of Summons then issued for assembling a new Parliament, such Writs of Summons shall be and be deemed and taken to be superseded and discharged, such Event of His Majesty's Demise being notified by Proclamation under the Great Seal, and such the Demise of The Prince of Wales as aforesaid, or his ceasing to be Regent as aforesaid, being notified by Proclamation under the Great Seal, so caused to be issued by the Lords of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council, and that Persons respectively charged with the Execution thereof shall not proceed or further proceed in the Execution of such Writs; and all Acts before done or afterwards done in the Execution thereof shall be deemed and taken to be invalid and of no Effect.

VIII. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing herein contained, nor any Ad which shall be done by virtue hereof, shall be deemed or taken to repeal, or in any manner to alter or affect, otherwise than is herein expresslyprovided, the Provisions of any Act or Acts of Parliament heretofore passed and now in force, so, far as the fame regulate, require or provide for the meeting, convening and fitting of Parliament in case of the Demise of His Majesty, or His Heir or Heirs, Successor or Successors, on in case The Regent shall depart this Life or cease to be Regent, or to repealyjilter or affect the Provision heretofore made by any Ad now in force for shortening the time which had beforevbeeo required for giving Notice of the Royal Intention that the Parliament should meet and be holden for the Dispatch of Business.

CAP. XCI.

An Act for appointing Commissioners to inquire concerning Charities in England for the Education

of the Poor.

[10th June 1818.]

WHEREAS it is highly expedient that an Inquiry should he made, by Commissioners to be specially

appointed, into the Amount, Nature and Application of the Produce of any Estates or Fund? 4 which have from time to time been devised or otherwise appropriated by pious and well disposed Persons to the Purpose of the Education of the Poor; and whether any Breaches of Trust, Irregularities or Abuses have been practised or happened in the Management and Employment thereof, and whether, by Change of Circumstances or other Causes, the fame cannot be beneficially applied for the Purposes originally intended Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty to issue a Commission under the Great Seal to any Number of Persons n6t exceeding Fourteen, who shall be constituted Commissioners for the Purposes intended by this Act; and that they the said Commissioners or any Three of them shall and they are hereby empowered and required to examine into and investigate the Amount, Nature and Application of all Estates and Funds, of what Nature or Kind soever, and the Produce thereof, destined or intended to be applied to the Purpose of educating the Poor in England and Wales, in so far as such Produce shall appear to be destined or applied for the Purpose of educating the Poor, and to examine into and investigate all Breaches of Trust, Irregularities, Frauds, Abuses or supposed Abuses or Misconduct, in relation to and in the Management or Appropriation or Nonappropriation or Misappropriation of such Estates and Funds; and the said Commissioners or any Three of them shall, once in eacn Half Year during the Continuance of the said Commission, report and certify, in Writing under their Hands and Seals, to The King's Most Excellent Majesty, and to both Houses of Parliament, their Proceedings, touching the Amount, Nature, Management, Application and Appropriation of such of the aforesaid Estates and Funds as they shall have inquired and examined into, and also what is the Nature of such Estates and Funds otspectively, and the actual annual Produce thereof, and what is the actual annual Value thereof, and in whose Possession as Tenants thereof, any Part thereof consisting of Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments shall be, adding .at the same time such Observations as shall occur to them respecting such Mode as they shall deem most effectual for the recovering of such Part or Parts of such Estates or Funds as shall appear to them to have been applied in breach of the several Trusts created in respect of the fame, or shall appear to have been omitted to be applied in pursuance of such Trusts, and subjoining such Suggestions as may seem to them expedient respecting the most effedhial Mode of securing such Estates and Funds, and their respective Produce, against any future Misapplication thereof.

II. And be it further enacted, That if upon such Inquiry as aforesaid, it shall appear to the said Commissioners that from any Cause whatsoever it has become impossible to apply the Estates or Funds'aforesaid, or any Part thereof, to the Purposes to which the fame were destined or directed to be applied, the said Commissioners shall report the special Circumstances of each case.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners to be appointed by virtue of this Act shall each of them, previously to his entering upon the Execution of the fame, take an Oath before the Chancellor

of

i^,

A.D. 1818.

58° GEORGII III.

C.

91,

573

of the Exchequer or the Mailer of the Rolls for the time being (which Oath they are hereby respectively authorized ana required to administer), the Tenor whereof shall be as folio we th; (that is to say, )

T A. 3. do swear that, according to the bell of my Skill and Knowledge, I will faithfully, impartially and* truly execute the several Powers and Trulls veiled in me by an Act intituled An Act \here insert the«Title of this A5], according to the Tenor and Purport of the said Act/

IV. And be it further enacted, That no Remuneration shall be given, for and in respect of the Execution Salaries to a of this Act, to such of the said Commissioners as shall be Members of either House of Parliament, nor to any certain Numb r Number exceeding Eight of the other Commissioners; but there shall be allowed and paid to every such Com- of Commission-miilioner such reasonable Sums, for and in respect of such travelling Expences as may come to be incurred in ers*

the Execution of this Act, as in the Judgment of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or

Lord High Treasurer for the time being, shall be deemed requisite; and the said Commissioners are hereby Appointment of

authorized to appoint and employ such Secretary, Clerks, Messengers and Officers not exceeding in the whole Secretary,

One Secretary, Four Clerks, Four Messengers and Two other Officers, as they shall think meet, and to Clerks, Mef-administer to the said Secretary, Clerks and Officers respectively, an Oath for his true and faithful Demeanour fenSerf: »&c* iti all things relating to the due Performance of any Trust respecting the Execution of this Act reposed in him by the said Commissioners, and in all other things touching the Premises 5 which Secretary, Clerks and No Fee to $c-Officers are hereby required faithfully to execute and perform the said Truil in them federally and respectively cretary.&c. be-reposed, without taking any thing for such their Service, other than such Salary or Reward as the said Com- y°ud Salary, missioners shall think fit to direct and appoint in their behalf; and the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, or Lord High Treasurer for the time being, are hereby authorized and required to issue and cause to be paid any Sums of Money, not exceeding Four thousand Pounds, to such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners shall by Writing under their Hands desire or direct, out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; which Sums, when so issued and paid, shall be employed for the Fund for travel-Payment to the said Commissioners for their travelling Expences, as also for the Payment of such Secretary, commission2jC° Clerks, Messengers or other Officers, and in defraying all other necessary Charges In or about the Execution an(j §aiary to*of the Powers of this Act, and in such manner and in such Proportions as shall be appointed by the said officers, See. Commissioners by Writing under their Hands on that behalf, the same to be accounted for by the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be issued or paid according to the Course of His Majesty's Exchequer without any Fees or other Charges to be taken or demanded for the issuing and Payment of the fame, on the passing of the said Accounts, other than such Sum as the said Commissioners shall appoint.

V. And be it further enacted, That for the Purpose of prosecuting the Inquiries and Examinations by this Commissioners Ad directed, the said Commissioners or any Three of them shall meet, and from time to time, with or without to hold Meet-Adjournment, hold their Sittings within the City of Westminster> or in any other City, Town, Borough, inss at v*r, ou5 Hamlet, Village or Place respectively in England, which to them shall appear moil convenient for executing ^onp^r-the Purposes of this Act; and the said Commissioners are hereby authorized to require, by a Precept under so^mand fenj their Hands and Seals, or under the Hands and Seals of any Three of them, from any Person or Persons for Papers, acting as a Trustee for any of the said Estates or Funds, or having any Concern in the Management or Administration of the fame, or in the Payment or Receipt of any of the said Funds or Estates, or any Charge upon any Fund or Estate applicable to the Purposes of Education as aforesaid, to render to the said Commissioners a

true Account, as far asconfifts with their Knowledge, of all that relates to such Funds or Estates as aforesaid

under their Trust or Management, or on account of which they may have acted in making or receiving

Payments 5 and, as often as Need shall be, to fend their Precept or Precepts under their Hands and Seals,

or under the Hands and Seals of any Three of them, for any Person or Persons whatsoever to attend them,

and require such Person or Persons to bring with him or her any Deed, Paper, Writing, Instrument or other

Document, being in his or her Custody and Possession, and relating to any such Estates or Funds, or the

Produce thereof, and to the Receipt or Application or Nonapplication or Misapplication thereof, which shall

in the Judgment of such Commissioners be conducive and necessary to the due Execution of the Purposes of this

Ad; and every Person to whom such Precept shall as aforesaid have been addressed and delivered, is hereby

required and directed punctually to attend the said Commissioners at such time and Place as shall by them for

that Purpose have beeu appointed; and to every such Person or Persons shall be paid such Sum of Money as in conipelKd"^01

the Judgment of the said Commissioners shall be just and reasonable: Provided always that no such Person shall travel more than

be obliged to travel, in obedience to such Precept, more than Ten Miles from his or her Place of Abode. Ten Miles.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person who shall Purchasers of be summoned to appear before the said Commissioners, or before any Three of them, shall, upon his or her Premises wiih-Examination, allege that he or she hath purchased or obtained for valuable Consideration any Estate or Interest of, in, to or out of any Lands, Tenements, Rents, Annuities, Hereditaments, Goods or Chattels, touching aJJfwer }mcr. which he or she shall be fought to be so examined, without Fraud or Covin, having no Notice of any Charitable rogatories, ner Trust or Use to which the said Lands, Tenements, Rents, Annuities, Hereditaments, Goods or Chattels, or to produce any Charge thereon, have been given, limited or appointed, then such Person shall not be bound to make Title Deeds, &c. further Answer to any Interrogatory of such Commissioners, nor to produce or to shew to the said Commissioners any Deed, Paper, Writing, Instrument or other Document relating to his or her Estate or Interest in such Lands, Tenements, Rents, Annuities, Hereditaments, Goods or Chattels.

VII. And for the rendering more effectual all such Examinations as are intended to be had under this Act, Commifuuner* be it enacted, That the said Commissioners are hereby authorized to examine upon Oath, or Affirmation of cn powered to Persons being Quakers (which Oath or Affirmation they or any Three of them are hereby authorized to ^, n*uPor administer), all Persons whom they are by the Provisions of this Act empowered to call before them to be exa- al*mined, touching all matters and things necessary for the Execution of the Powers vested in them by this Act.

Mortgagees, Trustee*, &c. not compellable to produce Deeds, without Notice to Mortgagor, &c.

Nor when liable thereby to Penalties.

Commissioners may appoint Three of their Number to re-fort to any Place in ling-land for executing the Purposes of tills Act. Examinations,

Sic. sent to Secretary.

Perjury.

Vacancies of Commissioners to be tilled up by the Crown.

Provil'o for Universities, Public Schools, &c.

Commissioners to report Charities having Special Visitors, Limitation of Actions.

[General Issue.]

[Treble Costs.]

Act may be altered, &c. this Session.

[Continuance of Act.]

[Public Act.]

51 G. 3. c. 106. Si G. 3. c. 110.

C. 91, 92. 58° GEORGII III. A.D. 1818.

VIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That no Person having the Custody of any Deed, Paper, Writing, Instrument or other Document, as Mortgagee, Trustee or Agent, Solicitor or Attorney, shall be compellable to produce the fame, or to give any Evidence as to the Contents thereof, without Notice being first gwen to his Mortgagor, Cestuique Trust or Principal, and the said Mortgagor, Cestuique Trust or Principal, being examined touching the fame by the said Commissioners; and in case such Mortgagor, Cestuique Trust or Principal shall by the Provisions of this Act be exempted from producing the said Deed, Paper, Writing, Instrument or other Document, then the Mortgagee, Trustee or Agent, Solicitor or Attorney, shall not be bound to produce or shew the fame, or give any Evidence of the Contents thereof, to the said Commissioners: Provided also, that no Person shall be compellable to answer any Question, or to produce any Deed, Paper, Writing, Instrument or other Document, the Answer to which, or the Production of which, may criminate or tend to criminate such Person, or to expose such Person to any Pains or Penalties.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners or any Three of them from time to time to direct and authorize any Three or more of their own Number to resort to such City, Town, Borough, Hamlet, Village or Place in England as to them the said Commissioners or any Three of them (had appear most convenient for executing the Purposes of this Act; and that any Three such Commissioners shall have the fame Powers of issuing Precepts, administering Oaths, and conducting the Examinations prescribed by this Act, and under the same Rules and Regulations, as are hereby vested in the said Commissioners: Provided always, that such Three Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to cause the Examinations which shall be taken before them, and all Papers and Documents, being Parts of such Examination, to be from time to time transmitted to the Secretary of the said Commissioners at their Office in Westmirdler aforesaid.

X. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person, upon Examination on Oath, or being a. Quaker upon Affirmation, before the said Commissioners, or before any Three of them, shall wilfully and corruptly give false Evidence, every such Person so offending, and being thereof duly convicted, shall be and is hereby declared to be subject and liable to such Pains and Penalties as under any Law now in force may be inflicted on Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury.

XI. And be it further enacted, That in case of a Vacancy or Vacancies by the Death, Removal or Resign-ation of any one of such Commissioners, it shall be lawful for His Majesty, His Heirs and Succedors, to nominate and appoint such Person or Persons as he or they may think proper for the supplying of such Vacancy or Vacancies.

XII. And be it further enacted, That none of the Provisions hereinbefore contained shall be construed to extend to either of the Universities of Oxford or Cambridge, nor to any College or Hall within the same, nor to any Schools or other Endowments of which the said Universities, Colleges or Halls are Trustees, nor to the Colleges of Westminster, Eton or Winchester, or to the Charterhouse, or the Schools of Harrow or Rugby, or any of them, nor to any Cathedral or Collegiate Church within England, nor to any College, Free School or other charitable Institution for the Purposes of Education, which have Special Visitors, Governors or Over-seers appointed by their Founders, nor to any Funds applicable to the Purposes of Education for the Benefit of any Persons of the Jewish Persuasion, or the People called Quakers, or Person or Persons of the Roman Catholic Persuasion, and which shall be under the Superintendence and Control of Persons of such Persuasions respectively: Provided always, that the said Commissioners shall report, as hereinbefore directed, the Names of all such Charities aforesaid as have Special Visitors, Governors or Overseers appointed.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That any Action or Suit which shall be brought or commenced against any such Commissioners, for any thing done or acted by him or them under this Act, shall be commenced within Six Calendar Months next after the Fast committed (in respect of which such Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced), and not afterwards 5 and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action or Suit may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon 5 and if such Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced after the time so limited for bringing the same, then the Jury shall find a Verdict for the Defendant or Defendants; and in such case, or if the Jury shall find a Verdict for the Defendant or Defendants upon the Merits, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or discontinue his, her or their Action after Appearance, or if upon Demurrer Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, which he or they shall and may recover in such and the same manner as any Defendant can by Law in other cases.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, amended or repealed by any Act or Acts to be passed in this Session of Parliament.

XV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue and be in force until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and twenty, and until the End of the next Session of Parliament.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

CAP. XCII.

An Act to consolidate and amend the Provisions of several Acts, passed in the Fifty first and Fifty

second Years respectively of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enabling Wives and Families

of Soldiers to return to their Homes.

[10th June 1818.]

WHEREAS an Act passed in the Fifty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled Am AS for enabling the Wives and Families of Soldiers embarked for Foreign Service, to return to their

Homes: And Whereas another Act passed in the Fifty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

intituled

5 75

A.D. 1818. 58° GEORGII III. C. 92.

intituled An Act to explain, amend and extend the Provisions of an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament,

for enabling the IVives and Families of Soldiers to return to their Homes, to the Widows, Wives and Fa-

mi lies of Soldiers dying or employed on Foreign Service: And Whereas another Act passed in the said Fifty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for enabling the Wives and Families of Soldiers embarked in Ireland for Foreign Service9 to return to their Homes: And Whereas many Frauds have been practised against the Provisions of the said Acts, and false Certificates used to procure the Allowances granted by the fame; and it is therefore expedient that effectual Provision should be made for the Prevention of such Frauds, and that further and more effectual Provision should be made for enabling the Wives and Children of Soldiers, embarking from Great Britain or Ireland for Foreign Service, and the Widows and Children of Soldiers dying in the Service, to return to their Homes; and for that Purpose that the said Acts should be consolidated into One Act, and the Provisions thereof extended and amended: Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said several recited Acts shall be and the same are hereby repealed; save and except as to all cases of any Offences committed, or Frauds practised against the said Acts, and as to any Prosecutions for any such Offences or Frauds, and save and except a9 to the paying, reimbursing or accounting for any Money under any of the Provisions thereof.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Secretary at War in Great Britain, or the Chief Secretary, or in his Absence the Under Secretary for the Military Department in Ireland, to issue Passes to be filled up by any Magistrates or Justices of the Peace under the Provisions of this Act, for grafting Allowances to enable the Wives and Widows and Children of Soldiers desirous of returning to their x>wn Homes, in certain cases specified in this Act, and in any other cases in which the Secretary at War in Great Britain, or the said Chief Secretary or Under Secretary in Ireland, shall think, under the special Circumstances, that it is expedient to give such Allowances 5 and to make such Rules and Regulations in relation to the issuing and filling up such Passes, and the Certificates and Vouchers upon which the same are to be issued and Allowances advanced, as the Secretary at War in Great Britain, or the said Chief Secretary or Under Secretary in Ireland, shall think fit.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Commanding Officer of every Regiment, Battalion, Corp9 or

Detachment, about to embark for Foreign Service, and the Commanding Officer of every Regiment, Battalion, Corps or Detachment, in which any Soldier shall die on Service, leaving any Widows or Children <le(litute of the Means of returning to their respective Homes, shall cause a Return to be made out of the Wives, Widows and Children of the Soldiers belonging to such Regiment, Battalion, Corps or Detachment, who are desirous of returning to their Homes, and are unable to do so without the Assistance of the Allowances authorized by this Act, Hating in such Returns the several Places of Residence to which such Wives, Widows and Children are desirous of proceeding, and whether in Great Britain or Ireland respectively; and shall give to every such Wife or Widow a Duplicate of such Part of such Return as shall apply to each Wife or Widow and her Child or Children respectively, certifying thereon unddr his Hand, that the rerson to whom such Duplicate Certificate is given, is the Widow, Wife or reputed Wife, and the Child or Children of a Soldier in his Regiment, Battalion, Corps or Detachment, and distinctly dating in the Body of such Duplicate Certificate, that the fame does not entitle such Wife or Widow, or Child or Children, to any Allowance whatever, and that no Payment or Allowance whatever shall be made thereupon, but that such Duplicate Certificate is only given for the Purpose of identifying such Wife or Widow, or Child or Children, before the Magistrate or Justice, and of enabling him to fill up such Pass as shall be allowed by the Secretary at War in Great Britain, or Chief Secretary or Under Secretary in Ireland, in that behalf; and every such Commanding Officer shall transmit all such Returns as aforesaid, or Duplicate Copies thereof, as relate to any Wives or Widows of Soldiers desirous of returning to their Homes in Great Britain, to the Secretary at War in London, and of such as are desirous of returning to their Homes in Ireland, to the Chief Secretary or Under Secretary for the Military Department in Dublin; and in every case in which any such Wives, Widows and Children may have to travel through any Part of Ireland to proceed to their Homes in Great Britain, or through any Part of Great Britain to proceed to their Homes in Ireland, every such Offider shall transmit Duplicates of such Returns both to the Secretary at War in London and Chief Secretary or Under Secretary aforesaid in Dublin, or of such Parts thereof as relate to such last mentioned Wives, Widows and Children as aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enacted, That each Wife or Widow, to whom any such Duplicate shall have been delivered as aforesaid, shall forthwith take the same to some neighbouring Justice or Magistrate, who shall fill up and sign such an engraved Copper Plate Form of Pass, bearing His Majesty's Arms, and signed by the Secretary at War, or by an Officer in his Department, and sealed with his Official Seal in Great Britain, or a like Form or Pass signed by the said Chief Secretary or Under Secretary for the Military Department in Dublin, or some Officer in his Department, and sealed with his Official Seal if in Ireland, as shall have been transmitted to such Magistrate or Justice by the Secretary at War or Chief Secretary or Under Secretary aforesaid respectively, or as shall be so transmitted upon Application made by such Magistrate or Justice of the Peace for the Purposes of this Act 5 and every such Magistrate or Justice of the Peace shall fill up the ^Blanks in such Pass and certify the fame, and make out a Route in the proper Column for such Wife or Widow and Child or Children (if any), specifying the Place to which such Woman is going and her Route; and shall deliver such Pass to her in exchange for the Duplicate Certificate of the Commanding Officer aforesaid, in order that (he piay receive such Allowances as are authorized by this Act* not exceeding per Mile One Penny Halfpenny for herself, and One Penny for each Child.

5* G. 3. c. a'.

repealed.

[Proviso.]

Secretary at War in G. B. and Secretary for Military Department in I. may issue PafTes, to be filled up by Magistrates, and make Regulations relating thereto.

Upon Regiments being ordered .on Foreign Service, &c. how Women and Children are to be disposed ofrand enabled to return to their Homes.

Dupii^u- P.lifts to be uktn to Magistrates, in order to their being tilled up and signed;

and to be certified and Route made cut by Magistrate.

Overseer of the Poor in England, and Treasurer of Kirk Session in Scotland, or Postmaster in Ireland, to make Allowance upon Pafle*; and Indorse.

Money so advanced by Overseer or Treasurer to be repaid by Collect or of Excise.

Advanced by Postmaster, allowed in Accounts;

and repaid by Agent, &c- of Chief Secretary.

In Dublin, Application by Women to be made to Agent of Regiment, who may advance Money.

In case of Sick-nef», &c. Women entitled to Allowance, although Regulations of Ad not performed.

And Command ing Officer to make Return.

Pass when to be delivered up;

and transmitted to proper Officer.

In case of being detained by contrary Wind*, &c. Overseer, &c. on Order of Justice, to make proper Allowances

CJ.9^. 58° GEORGII III. A.D. 1818.

V. - And be it further enacted, That upon Production of such Pass to any Overseer of the Poor if in England, or any Treasurer of the Kirk Session if in Scotland, or Postmaster if in Ireland, of any Place through, which such Woman shall proceed, according to the Route specified in such Pass, he shall, out of any Money in his Hands applicable to the Relief of the Poor, if an Overseer of the Poor, or Treasurer of Kirk Session, or out of any Public Money in his Hands if a Postmaster, pay her an Allowance not exceeding the Rate per Mile specified in such Pass as aforesaid for the Number of Miles to the next City, Town or Place to which (he may be going, not exceeding Eighteen Miles; and he shall indorse on such Pass the Money so paid, and take a Receipt from the Woman, signed with her Hand or with her Mark, specifying the Regiment, Battalion, Corps or Detachment to which her Husband belongs, or if a Widow, did belong, so as that the Description on the Receipt may correspond with the Description in the Pass so produced to him as aforesaid.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Sums so advanced by any such Overseer or Treasurer of Kirk Session shall, upon Production and Delivery of such Receipt to the Collector of Excise of the District within which such Overseer or Treasurer of Kirk Session acts as such, or any Person officiating for such Collector, be repaid to such Overseer or Treasurer of Kirk Session, for the U(e of the Fund for the Relief of the Poor, by such Collector of Excise or other Person, out of any Public Monies in his Hands; and all Sums so repaid, and all Sums advanced for such Allowances by any Postmaster or Person acting as Postmaster in Ireland, shall be allowed in their respective Accounts; and every such Overseer or Treasurer of Kirk Session shall give to the Collector of Excise at the time of such Repayment, a Receipt for the Money so repaid; and such Receipt of the Overseer or Treasurer of Kirk Session, together with the Receipt of the Woman, shall be taken as Cash in the Payment of the Duties of Excise received by such Collector, the Receipt of the Woman for any such Allowance paid by any Postmaster or Person acting as Postmaster in Ireland\ shall be taken as Cash in the Payment of the Post Office Duties in Ireland received by such Postmaster or Person aforesaid, and allowed in their respective Accounts accordingly; and all Sums of Money so advanced out of any Duties of Excise in Great Britain, shall be repaid by the General Agent, or by any other Person to be appointed for that Purpose by the Secretary at War in London, to such Person or Persons as shall be authorized by the Commissioners of Excise in England or Scotland respectively to draw for or receive the same for or on account of the fame Duties; and all Sums of Money so advanced in Ireland shall be repaid by the General Agent, or by any other Person to be appointed for that Purpose by the Chief Secretary, or in nis Absence the Under Secretary for the Military Department in Ireland, to the Receiver General of His Majesty's Post Office in Ireland.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in the City of Dublin every such Woman shall, in every Instance, apply to the Agent of the Regiment (if any) in Dublin to which (he shall belong, and not to the Postmaster or Person acting as such, and such Agent shall and may pay and advance in any case such Money, and indorse and subscribe such Certificate as aforesaid, and shall be allowed such Sum so paid in his Accounts; and every such Indorsement shall be of the fame Force, Validity and EfFedfc, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame had been done by a Person acting as the Postmaster m manner aforesaid.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if, by reason of any Sickness or Accident, any such Woman or Women, and Child or Children, shall have been left at any Place of Embarkation, or at the last Quarters of any Regiment, Battalion or Corps or Detachment, or at any Place on the March from such last Quarters to any Place of Embarkation, and the Regulations and Provisoons of this Act, for giving any such Allowances as aforesaid, shall not have been performed, and any such Woman or Women, or Child or Children, shall have been omitted in any such Return as aforesaid, then and in every such case it shall be lawful for the Officer commanding, where such Woman or Women and Child or Children shall have been so left, to make out such Return as is prescribed by this- Act, of such Woman or Women and Child or Children, and to transmit the same to the War Office in London or Dublin as aforesaid, as the case may require, and to give to every such Woman such Duplicate as aforesaid, and also to transmit any such further Return as may be necessary, under any special Circumstances of the case, to the Secretary at War in London, or Chief Secretary or Under Secretary at Dublin, as the case may require; and every such Return and Duplicate respectively shall be of the fame Force and Effect in all Respects, as if done in manner and by the Person specified in this A A, in relation to Returns and Duplicates as aforesaid under this A A.

IX. And be it further enacted, That every such Soldier's Wife or Widow as aforesaid shall, at the last Place of receiving any Allowance under this Act, antecedent to her Arrival at her Home, or at the Port or Place of Embarkation, deliver up the Pass so. given to her as aforesaid to the Person so advancing such Allowance, and the Overseer of the Poor or Treasurer of the Kirk Session paying such Allowance in Great Britain shall deliver such Pass to the Collector of Excise; and every such Pass so delivered up as aforesaid shall, if in Great Britain, be transmitted by the Collector of Excise to the Secretary at War in London, and if in Ireland, shall be transmitted by the Postmaster or Postmaster General to the Under Secretary for the Military Department in Dublin.

X. And be it further enacted, That if by contrary Winds, or Want of a Vessel ready for failing, or by the Sickness of herself or of any of her Children, or by any other reasonable Cause, any such Woman shall be detained more than One Night at any Port or Place of Embarkation, or at any Place in her Journey, from the signing of the Pass by a Magistrate or Justice of the Peace as aforesaid, to her Arrival at such Port, or at her Home, whether in Great Britain or Ireland, then and in every such case such Woman shall and may apply to any Justice of the Peace, who shall thereupon examine into the Fa£U on Oath, and if satisfied of the Truth thereof, shall -give such Woman an Order to receive from the Overseer of the Poor, or Treasurer of the Kirk Session, or Person then acting as Postmaster, as aforesaid* as the case may require, if on her Journey,

8*an$

577

A.D. 1818. 58° GEORGII III. C. 92 — 95.

and if at her Port or Phce of Embarkation then from the District Paymaster, the Sum of One Shilling a Day for the Maintenance of herself, and the Sum of Sixpence a Day for each Child for whom an Allowance is specified in the Pass, and such Payment shall be made to her accordingly, so long as (he shall be so unavoidably detained, and no, longer; and such Order, with the Receipt of such Woman, and the Certificate of some Magistrate or Justice of the Peace of such Detention, and the Period thereof, shall be a sufficient Voucher for every such Payment, and every such Sum so paid, being so duly vouched, shall be allowed and finally disc-charged in manner aforesaid respectively.

XI. And be it further enacted, That all Wives and Widows of Soldiers having any such Passes as aforesaid, and not complying with the Regulations prescribed therein and in this Act, shall be liable to be treated as Vagrants, and may be passed as such to their Homes, either in England, Ireland or Scotland respectively, ad the case may be, in like manner in every respect, if no such Pass had been given.

CAP. XCIII.

An Act to afford Relief to the bond side Holders of Negotiable Securities, without Notice that they were given for a usurious Consideration.

[10th June 1818.]

WHEREAS by the Laws now in.force, all Contrafts and Assurances whatsoever, for Payment of Money, made for a usurious Consideration, are utterly void: And Whereas in the Course of Mer-

cantile Transactions, Negotiable Securities often pass into the Hands of Persons who have discounted the fame without any Knowledge of the original Considerations for which the fame were given 5 and the < Avoidance of such Securities in the Hands of such bond side Indorsees without Notice is attended with

great Hardship and Injustice For Remedy thereof, be it enacted by The King's Most ExceMedt Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That no Bill of Exchange or Promissory Note, that shall be drawn or made after the passing of this Act shall, though it may have been given for a usurious Consideration, or upon a usurious Contract, be void in the Hands or an Indorsee for valuable Con-fide ration, ualess such Indorsee had, at the time of discounting or paying such Consideration for the fame, actual Notice that such Bill of Exchange or Promissory Note had been originally given for a usurious Consideration, or upon a usurious Contract.

CAP. XCIV.

An Act to continue, until the Twenty ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, and to amend an Act passed in Ireland, in the Thirty sixth Year of His present Majesty, for the Improvement and Extension of the Fisheries on the Coasts of Ireland..[10th June 1818.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Thirty sixth Year of the Reign of

His present Majesty, intituled An Act for continuing and amending the several ASt for the further Improvement and Extension of the Fisheriej on the Coasts of this Kingdom; which said recited Act has, by*several subsequent Acts, been continued, and is in force until and upon the Twenty ninth Day of September

One thousand eight hundred and eighteen; and it is expedient that the said recited Act should be further continued* Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Act shall be and the fame is hereby further continued, and shall be in force in Ireland from the said Twenty ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, until and upon the Twenty ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and nineteen.

II. And be it declared and enacted, That aH Bounties and Allowances payable under any Act or Acts in force in Ireland upon the Exportation of any Fish caught on the Coasts of Ireland\ or in respect of the Duty on the Salt used in the curing of Fish caught on the said Coasts, shall be payable and paid, and allowable and allowed, in respect of all such Fish which, having been caught on the said Coasts, shall be salted and cured either at Sea or in Warehouses on Shore, under the Inspectkm of the Officers of the Customs there, under such Rules and Regulations as are required by any Act or Acts in force in Ireland^ or as may be made from time to time by the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties in Ireland^ for the Prevention of Fraud in the claiming of such Bounties and Drawbacks.

CAP. XCV.

An Act to regulate the Election of Coroners for Counties.

[10th June 1818.]

WHEREAS there are no sufficient Regulations for the Election of Coroners for Counties, ' Be it W therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, upon every Election to be made of any Coroner or Coroners of any County in England and Wales, the Sheriff of the County where such Election shall be made shall hold his County Court for the fame Election at the most usual Place or Places of Election of Coroners within the said County, and where the fame have iqoft usually been held for Forty Years last past, and (half there proceed to Election at the next County Court, unlefg the fame fall out to be held within Six Days after the Receipt of the Writ de Coronatore eSgendo, or upon the same Day)and then shall adjourn the fame Court to some convenient Day, not exceeding Fourteen Days, giving Ten Days' Notice of the time and Place of 58 Geo. III. 4 E Election;

What deemed a sufficient Voucher for Payment.

Wives and Widows of Soldiers not conforming to Regulations, Vagrants.

Bill of Exchange or Proroiffory Note given for a usurious C (moderation not void in the Hands of Indorsee without Notice.

36 3-

coniinutit.

What Bounties payable for Firty caught on Const of Ireland, faked at Sea or in Warehouse, &c.

Sheriff to hold County Court for Election of Coroner at usual Place

578 G-95>96*

58° (GEORGII III.

A.B. 1818.

If Election not determined on View, then to proceed to take a Poll.

Commencement and Duration of Poll.

Poll Clerks appointed and sworn.

Infye&or of Poll Clerk appointed. Freeholder, if required, sworn before he polls.

Election 5 and in case the said Election be not determined upon the View, with the Content of the Freeholders there present, but that a Poll shall be demanded for Determination thereof, then the said Sheriff, or iu hi* Absence his Under Sheriff, with such others as shall be deputed by him, shall forthwith there proceed to take the said Poll, in some public Place, by the fame Sheriff, or his Under Sheriff as aforesaid in his Absence, or others appointed for the taking thereof as aforesaid; and every such Poll shall commence on the Day upon which the lame shall be demanded, and be duly and regularly proceeded in from Day to Day (Sunday excepted)until the fame be finished; but so as that no Poll for such Election shall continue more than Ten Days at most (Sunday excepted V, and the said Poll shall be kept open Seven Hours at the least each Day, between the Hours of Nine in the Morning and Five at Night: And for the more due and orderly proceeding in the said Poll, the said Sheriff, or in his Absence his Under Sheriff, or such as he shall depute, shall appoint such Number of Clerks as to him shall seem meet or convenient for the taking thereof 5 which Clerks shall all take the said Poll in the Presence of the said Sheriff or his Under Sheriff, or such as he shall depute 5 and before they begin to take the said Poll, every Clerk so appointed shall by the said Sheriff or his Under Sheriff, or such as ne shall depute as aforesaid, be sworn truly and indifferently to take the fame Poll, and to set down the Names of each Freeholder, and the Place of his Abode and Freehold, and the Name of the Occupier thereof, and for whom he shall poll, and to poll no Freeholder who is not sworn, if required to be sworn by the Candidates or either of them, and which Oaths of the said Clerks, the said Sheriff or his Under Sheriff, or such as he shall depute, are hereby empowered to administer; and the Sheriff, or in his Absence his Under Sheriff as aforesaid, shall appoint for each Candidate such One Person as shall be nominated to him by each Candidate, to be Inspector of every Clerk who shall be appointed for taking the Poll; and every Freeholder, before he is admitted to poll at the fame Election, shall, if required by the Candidates or any of them, first take the Oath herein after mentioned, which Oath the said Sheriff by himself or his Under Sheriff, or such sworn Clerk by him appointed for taking the said Poll as aforesaid, is hereby authorized to administer; videlicet,

Oath of Qualifi. 1 VOU swear [or, being one of the People called Quakers, you solemnly affirm] That you are a Freeholder cation for Vote. < of the County of*and have a Freehold Estate, confiding of,

lying at within the said County; and that such Freehold Estate

has not been granted to you fraudulently, on purpose to qualify you to give your Vote at this Election; and

that the Place of your Abode is at [and if it be a Place con-

JiJling of more Streets or Places than One, Specifying what Street or Place /] that you are Twenty one Years

of Age, as you believe, and that you have not been before polled at this Ele&ion/

Perjury and Subornation of Perjury.

5 Eliz. c. 9.

2 G. 2. c. 25.

Mortgagor and Cestuique T rust to vote, unless Trustee or Mortgagee be in Possession.

Expences of Sheriff and Poll Clerks to be paid by the Candidates.

And in case any Freeholder or other Person taking the said Oath or Affirmation hereby appointed to be take* by him as aforesaid shall thereby commit wilful and corrupt Perjury, and be thereof convicted, and if any Person shall unlawfully or corruptly procure or suborn any Freeholder or other Person to take the said Oath or Affirmation in order to be polled, whereby he shall commit such wilful and corrupt Perjury, and shall be thereof convicted, he and they for every such Offence shall incur such Pains and Penalties as are declared in and by Two Acts of Parliament, the one made in the Fifth Year of the late Queen Elizabeth9 intituled An. AS for Punishment of such as shall procure or commit any wilful Perjury; and the other made in the Second Year of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for the more effectual preventing and further Punishment of Forgery, Perjury and Subornation of Perjury 9f and to make it Felony to Jleal Bonds, Notes or other Securities for Payment of Money; and by any other Law or Statute now in force for the Punishment of Penury or Subornation of Perjury,

II. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons shall be allowed to have any Vote at such Elections for Coroner or Coroners of any County in England and Wales as aforesaid, for or by reason of any Trust Estate or Mortgage, unless such Trustee or Mortgagee be in actual Possession or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of such Estate; but that the Mortgagor or Cestuique Trust in Possession shall and may vote for the fame Estate, notwithstanding such Mortgage or Trust 5 and that all Conveyances of any Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, in order to multiply Voices, or to split or divide the Interest in any Houses or v Lands among several Persons, to enable them to vote at Elections for a Coroner of any County as aforesaid, are hereby declared to be void and of none Effect.

III. And be it further enacted, That all the reasonable Costs, Charges and Expences, the said Sheriff or his Under Sheriff or other Deputy shall expend or be liable to in and about the providing of Poll Books, Booths and Clerks (such Clerks to be paid not exceeding One Pound and One Shilling each per Diem) for the Purpose of taking the Poll at any such Ele&ron, shall be borne, sustained, and paid by the several Candidates at such Election, in equal Proportions.

56G. 3. C. 86.

continued.

Cap. xcvi.

t

An Act to continue, for the Term of Two Years, and until the End of the Session of Parliament in which that Term shall expire, if Parliament shall be then fitting, an A<& of the Fifty sixth Year of His present Majesty, for establishing Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in or resident in this Kingdom, in certain cases.

[10th June 1818.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fifty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled

V An Act for establishing Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in and resident in this Kingdom, in certain cases, for Two Tears from the pqjfing of this AS9 and until the End of the Session of Parliament in which the said Two Tears shall expire, if Parliament shall be then fitting: And Whereas the said Act hath been found

beneficial, and it is expedient to continue the fame for a further timeV Be it therefore enacted by The

13'King's

A.D. 1818. 58° GEORGII III. C. 96, 97, 98. 579

King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice .and* Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal,

and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act shall be and the fame is hereby continued in force, from and after the Twenty sixth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, for the Term of Two Years, and until the End of the Session of Parliament in J

which that Term shall expire, if Parliament shall be then fitting,

CAP. XGVII.

An Act to prevent Aliens, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, from becoming naturalized, or being made or becoming Denizens, except ia certain cases.

[10th June 1818.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that, for a time to be limited. Aliens should not be or become naturalized,

or be made or become Denizens, except as herein after is provided Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal,

and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after Aliens not to be-the passing of this Act, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, no 11 ^a|jfed Alien shall become a naturalized Subject, or be made or become Denizen, or become entitled to the Privileges p^riument, or of a naturalized Subject or Denizen, in any other manner or by any other Authority than by any Ad which Denizens but by may hereafter be passed by the Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or by Letters Letters of of Denization hereafter to be granted by His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, any Law, Custom or Usage Denization, to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed Exception, to extend to'affect in any manner such Right to Naturalization or to Denization as any Person, in case this Act had not been passed, might acquire or would have acquired by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament made for encouraging Seamen to enter into His Majesty's Service, or for naturalizing such Foreign Protestants as shall settle in any of His Majesty's Colonies in America, or for naturalizing such Foreign Protestants as shall have served or shall serve in His Majesty's Forces, or for the Encouragement of the Fisheries.

CAP. XCVIII.

An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the Fifty first Year of His Majesty's Reign, Tor rendering more effectual an Act made in the Forty seventh Year of His Majesty's Reign, for the Abolition of the Slave Trade.

[10th June 1818.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Fifty first Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for 510.3.0.23.

1 rendering more elseftunl an Act made in the Forty seventh Year of His Majesty's Reign9 intituled An Act for the Abolition of the Slave Trade9 it is amongst other things enacted and declared, that all §6.

Offences thereinbefore declared to be Felonies or Misdemeanors which shall be committed in Africa, or in

any Country, Territory or Place other than this United Kingdom, or on the High Seas, or in any Port,

Sea, Creek or Place where the Admiral has Jurisdiction, shall and may be inquired of either according to

1 the ordinary Course of Law and the Provisions of an Act passed in the Twenty eighth Year of the Reign 28 H.8.0.15.

of King Henry the Eighth, intituled An Act for Pirates; or according to the Provisions of an Act,

passed in the Thirty third Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, intituled An Act to proceed by 33 H. 8. c. 23.

1 Commission of Oyer and Terminer against such Persons as shall confess Treason and Felony, without remand-

ing the same to be tried in the Shire where the Offence was committed, as far as the same Act is now

unrepeased; or according to the Provisions of an Act passed in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the 11& 12 W.3.

Reign of His late Majesty King William the Third, intituled An Act passed for the more effectual Sup- c. 7-

fression of Piracy: And Whereas by an Act made in the Forty sixth Year of His Majesty's Reign, 46 G. 3. c. 54.

intituled An Act for the more speedy Trial of Offences committed in dt/lant Parts upon the Seas, it is enacted,

that all Treasons, Piracies, Felonies, Robberies, Murders, Conspiracies and other Offences, of what Nature or Kind soever, committed upon the Sea, or in any Haven, River, Creek or Place where the Admiral or Admirals have Power, Authority or Jurisdiction, may be inquired of, tried, heard, determined and adjudged according to the common Course of the Laws of this Realm used for Offences committed upon the Land within this Realm, and not otherwise, in any of His Majesty's Islands, Plantations, Colonies,

Dominions, Forts or Fadories, under and by virtue of the King's Commission or Commissions under the Great Seal of Great Britain, to be directed to any such Four or more discreet Persons as the Lord Chancellor of Great Britain, Lord Keeper or Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal of Great Britain for the time being shall from time to time think fit to appoint; and that the said Commissioners so to be appointed, or any Three of them, shall have such and the like Powers and Authorities for the Trial of all such JMurders, Treasons, Piracies, Felonies, Conspiracies and other Offences, within any such Island,

Plantations, Colony, Dominions, Forts or Fadories, as any Commissioners appointed or to be appointed according to the Directions of the Statute of the Twenty eighth Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, by any Law or Laws now in force have or would have for the Trial of the said Offences within this Realm: And Whereas Doubts have arisen whether Offences declared by the said Act of the Fifty first Year of His Majesty's Reign to be Felonies or Misdemeanors committed on the High Seas, or in any Port, Sea, Creek or Place where the Admiral has Jurisdiction, may be inquired of, heard and determined under or by virtue of any Commission iffned or to be issued under the Directions of the said recited Act of the Forty sixth Year of His Majesty's Reign : Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty? by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, ana Commons, in this

4E 2 present

58o

Offences declared by

51 O. 3. c. 23. to be Felonies or MUdemeanors committed on the Seas, &c. may be tried binder any CommHEon issued according to the Dtre&ions of 46 G. 3.C 54.

O.3.C. 190.

§21.

§*»

9 it.

i .V*

(£98, 99. 58° GEORGII III. A.D. 1818.

present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all Offences declared by the said Act of the Fifty first Year of His Majesty's Reign to be Felonies or Misdemeanors, committed or which dull be committed on the High Seas, or in any Port, Sea, Creek or Place where the Admiral has Jurisdiction, may be inquired of, tried and determined under and by virtue of any Commission already issued or hereafter to be iffaed according to the Directions of the above recited Acts of the Forty sixth Year of His Majesty's Reign; and that all Persons convicted of any of the said Offences so inquired of, tried and determined, or to be inquired of, tried and determined under and by virtue of any such Commission made or issued or to be made or issued according to the Directions of the said Act of the Ijforty sixth Year of His Majesty's Reign, shall be subject and liable to and shall suffer all such and the fame Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures, as by any Law or Laws now in force Persons convicted of the fame respectively would be subject and liable to, in case the fame were respectively inquired of, tried and determined and adjudged within this Realto by virtue of any Commission made according to the Directions of the Statute of the Twenty eighth Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth; any Law, Statute or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XCIX.

An Act for altering and amending an Act made in the Fifty fifth Year of His present Majesty, to amend an Act made in the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty, to improve the Land Revenue of the Crown, so far as relates to the Great Forest of Brecknock, in the County of Breencck: and for vetting in His Majesty certain Parts of the said Forest, and for inclosing the said Forest.

[10th June 1818.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend an Act made in the Forty eighth Year of His present Majestyt to improve the Land*Revenue of the Crown, so far at relates to the Great Forest of Brecknock in the County of Brecknock; and for vefing in His Majesty certain Parts of the said Fore/lf and for inclosing the said Forest; after directing*that the Commissioners named and appointed in and by the said Act should, amongst other things, set out and appoint any new and additional public Roads or Highways, or any new Tracks or Ways for such public Roads or Highways in and over the said Forest, and giving them certain Powers as to the Roads,

1 Path and Ways in, over, through or upon any of the Lands or Grounds within the said Forest 5 and after9directing that the said Commissioners should set out and allot unto and for the Formation and Repairs of*Highways made or to be made within the Limits of the said Forest, so much and such Parts of the Open and Commonable Lands within the said Forest, and in such Places as the said Commissioners should think proper, for getting Stone or Gravel or other Materials for the Formation or for the Repairs from time to time for ever of the public and private Roads and Highways made or to be made within the Limits of the said Forest, and should set out and allot such Part or Parts, Parcel or Parcels of the Lands and Grounds by the said Act directed to J>e divided, allotted and inclosed, as and for public Limestone Quarries 5 and should set out such Part and Parts of the said Lands and Grounds by the said Act directed to be allotted and inclosed,

4 as in the Judgment of the said Commissioners thereby appointed would defray all the Costs, Charges and Expences incident to the obtaining, passing and carrying into Execution of the said recited Act; and also should set out certain Allotments in lieu of the Titnes arising, renewing, happening or payable from the Open and Commonable Lands within the Limits of the said Forest, as were or mould be found to be Extra Parochial, and such as were locally situate within the Bounds or Limits of any Parish; it was enacted, that the said Commissioners should divide, set out and allot One full Moiety or Half Part of all the Rest, Residue and Remainder of the said Forest unto The King's most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and Successors,

and should set out and allot the Residue of the Lands and Grounds by the said recited Act directed to be divided, allotted and inclosed, unto and amongst all and every the Persons entitled to Commonage in, over or upon the fame respectively, or any Part or Parts thereof (other than and except The King's Majesty, His Heirs and Successors), in proportion to the real Value of their several and respective Messuages, Cottages,

Lands and Tenements in respect whereof they were entitled to such Rights of Common, and to the Part or 4 'Parts of the Lands to be inclosed in, over or upon which their respective Rights of Common should extend,

( due Regard being had in settling the Quantum of each Allotment to the Quality and Situation of the Land to*be comprized therein: And Wheseas the Commissionerfc appointed in and by the said recited Act have proceeded to put the fame into Execution, and great Expences have been thereby incurred, and considerable Parts of the said Forest have been sold by the said Commissioners to defray such Expences: And Whereas it appears that the Soil of so much of the said Forest, and the Lands and Grounds of the said recited Act mentioned,

4 as will remain to be divided and allotted in Severalty unto and amongst the Persons entitled to Rights of Common in, over and upon the said Forest, after making and setting out the other Allotments in the said Act direct&d, is so poor and sterile, that the fame would not answer the Expences of Inclosure and Cultivation, and it is therefore expedient that so much of the said recited Act as directs that Allotments shall be made in lieu of Tithes, and that the said Commissioners should allot the Residue of the said Forest and other Open and Commonable Lands (after setting out the King's Allotment and such other Allotments as aforesaid) in Severalty, unto and amongst the several Persons entitled to Commonage in, over or upon the fame, freed and discharged from Tithes and Rights of Common, should be repealed, together with all Powers and Authorities given by the said recited Act to the said Commissioners for that Purpose; and that the said Commissioners should be authorized and required to allot One Moiety of the said Forest to The King's Most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof to and amongst the several Per-

14 4 suns

A.D. 1818. 58° GEORGII III. C. 99.

fons entitled to Rights of Common, to be enjoyed by them in common as heretofore, or in such manner an < under such Rules and Regulations as herein after mentioned; but freed from all Fore ft al Rights; ' May i therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the said recited Act as directs and empowers the said Commissioners to turn or alter any Streams, Springs or Watercourses within the said Forest, and to make and set out any Allotments in lieu of Tithes to any Person or Persons whatsoever, and to ascertain, settle or determine to whom such Allotments should belong, and to set out and allot the Residue of the Lands and Grounds by the said Act directed to be divided, allotted and inclosed unto and amongst all and every the Persons entitled to Commonage in, over or upon the fame i-espectively, or any Part or Parts thereof respectively, in proportion to the real Value of their several And respective Messuages, Cottages, Lands and Tenements, in respect whereof they are entitled to such Rights of Common, and to the Part or Parts of the Lands to be inclosed, in, over or upon which their respective Rights of Common should extend, together with all Powers and Authorities given to the said Commissioners for that Purpose, and all other PowerB and Authorities given by the said recited Act to the said Commissioners, for directing the fencing of Allotments, and also so much of the said recited Act, as directs that all Tithes, both Great and Small, Modules, Com-positions and other Payments in lieu of Tithes, arising, renewing and payable within the said Forest, Lands and Grounds, and all Rights of Common in, over and upon the fame, shall cease and be for ever extinguished, shall be and the fame is and are hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall be at Liberty to receive, ascertain and settle the Claims of any Person or Persons to a Right of Common, in and upon the said Forest, who may have hitherto omitted to fend in such Claims, provided the same are sent in within Two Months after the passing this Act, and provided all Expences attending the receiving, settling and ascertaining such Claims be paid, borne and defrayed by the Person or Persons making the same, but the said Commissioners shall not be at Liberty to receive any Claims whatsoever, after the Expiration of the said Two Months from the passing this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, that The King's Most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, shall henceforth continue to take, demand, have and receive all Tithes, both Great and Small, and all Modules, Compositions and other Payments in lieu of Tithes, arising, renewing, increasing, happening or payable out of, from or in respect of such Part or Parts of the Open and Commonable Lands within the Limits of the said Forest as are Extra Parochial; and all Tithes, both Great and Small, and all Modules, Compositions and other Payments in lieu of Tithes whatsoever, arising, growing, renewing, increasing, happening or payable in, over or upon such Part or Parts of the said Open and Commonable Lands as is or are locally situate within the Bounds or Limits of any Parish or Parishes, if any Part or Parts are so situate, shall henceforth be demanded, taken and payable, by and to the Person or Persons, Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, who is, are or shall be entitled thereto, in as full, ample and beneficial, and in such and the same manner as if the said recited Act had not been passed.

IV. And Whereas the said Commissioners have, under the Authority of the said recited Act, fold certain

Parts of the said Lands and Grounds within the said Forest, for defraying the Expences of passing and caf-

rying into Execution the said recited Act, and the Lands and Grounds so fold have been purchased by the

Persons now holding the same as Tithe free; Be it therefore enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be construed or extend to subject any Lands which have been so fold Tithe free to the Payment of Tithes; but the same shall remain and continue free and exempt from Tithe, in such and the like manner as if this Act had not been passed, and that the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby authorized and required to set oat and allot unto or for The King's Majesty, His Heirs or Successor9, or the Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate or Collegiate, who would have been entitled to Tithes in Kind, in, over or upon the said Lands and Grounds so sold by the said Commissioners as Tithe free; so much and such Parcel of the said Lands and Grounds by the said recited Act directed to be divided, allotted and inclosed, as shall in the Judgment of the said Commissioners be a full Compensation and Satisfaction for all Tithes, both Great and Small, and all Modules, Compositions and other Payments in lieu of Tithes, arising, growing, renewing, increasing, happening or payable out of or from or for or in respect of all such Lands and Grounds, which have been so fold Tithe free as aforesaid,

V. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall mark and set out such Part and Parts of the said Lands and Grounds by the said Act directed to be divided, allotted and inclosed, as by the Sale thereof will in the Judgment of the said Commissioners raise a sufficient Sum of Money to defray and discharge all Expences incurred in the carrying into Execution of the said recited Act, and now outstanding and unpaid.; and also all the Costs, - Charges and Expences incident to the carrying into Execution of so much of the said recited Act as is not hereby repealed; and all such Sales shall be made either for the best Price or Prices which can or may be obtained, by Private Contract^ or in the manner and under the Directions and Restrictions prescribed and directed by the said recited Act, with pegard to Lands and Grounds thereby authorized and directed to be sold for the Payment of Expences.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all the Costs, Charges and Expences incident to the obtaining and passing this Act, shall be borne, paid and defrayed by the Commissioners for the time being, of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, by and out of the Monies to arise or be produced by the Sale of the Allotment hereby directed to be set but for His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, or by and out of any of the Land Revenues of the Crown, which shall be under their Care and Management, and shall not be otherwise appropriated.

VII. And Whereas the said Commissioners are in and by the said Act authorized and required to set out and appoint any new or additional Public Roads or Highways, in and over the said Forest, tfd may also turn>

abate

581

55 G. 3.C. 190. §24. 28, 29.34.

§ 55*

§ 50. repealed.

Claims to Right of Common may be received within Twd Months after passing of Act.*

Tithes, &c. to the King to continue payable;

and other Tithes, &c.

Allotments to the King and other Tithe Owners as'Compensations for the Tithes of Lands sold by the Commissioners Tithe free.

Landi to be sold for paying Expences incurred in carrying recited Act into Execution.

Expences of this Act how to b« paid.

582

Commissioners may set out Public &oad$, with Consent, into Turnpike .Road from Brecon to Neath.

After Commissioners shall have set out additional Public Roads, &c.;

Moiety of remaining Lands to be let out for His Majesty, discharged from Common, &c.

Private Roads to Anotment to the Crown.

A separtte Award of the Crown Allotment, Three Originals, Two enrolled and One deposited withClerk of the peace of the County of Brecknock.

Commissioners of Woods, &c. empowered to fell the King's Allotment.

Residue to remain uninclosed for Owners of antient Meflu-ajes, &c.

One Commissioner empowered to make Regulations for dinting the Lands directed to remain uninclosed.

C. 99. 58° GEORGII III. A.D. 1818.

abate or flop up any ancient Carriage Road or Way, in, through, upon or over any of the Lands or Grounds within the said Forest Be it therefore further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to set out and appoint any new or additional Public Road or Highway, to or from any Part of the said Forest, over the inclose'd Lands belonging to any Person or Persons whomsoever, unto and to communicate with orjoin the Turnpike Road leading from Brecon to Neath: Provided always, that no such Highway or Road shall be set out and appointed without the (?on-sent in Writing of the Owner or Owners of the said Lands, or of the Person or Persons beneficially interested therein, having been first had and obtained.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That after the said Commissioners shall have appointed and set out such new and additional Public Roads and Highways, or Track? or Ways for such Public Roads or Highways, in and over the said Forest, as to them shall seem proper in relation thereto, according to the Directions of the said recited Act, and shall have made and set out the several Allotments under the Powers, Authorities and Directions of the said recited Act, for getting Stone, Gravel or other. Materials, for the Formation and for the Repairs from time to time for ever, of the Public and Private Roads and Highways made or to be made within the Limits of the said Forest, and for Public Limestone Quarries, for the Purpose of getting Limestone and other Stones therefrom, with convenient Roads to and from the same respectively; and after the making and setting out of the Allotments by this Act directed to be made, as a Compensation and Satisfaction for the Tithes of the Lands which have been so fold Tithe free as aforesaid, and the Allotments of Lands to be sold under the Authority of this Act for Payment of Expences, the faifl Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to divide, set out and allot one Moiety or full Half Part of all the Rest, Residue and Remainder of the said Forest (due Regard being had to the Quality and Situation thereof) unto The King's Most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and which said Allotment, as soon as the same shall be allotted and fevered from the Lands adjoining thereto, shall become and remain the exclusive Property of The King's Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, freed, exonerated and for ever discharged, of and from all Rights of Common, Common of Pasture, and Turbary, and all other Rights of what Nature or Kind soever,

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to set out such and so many Private Roads and Ways as shall be necessary for giving convenient Access to such Allotment as shall be so as aforesaid made to His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors.

X. And be it further enacted, That when and as soon as the said Commissioners shall have set out the Allotment hereinbefore directed to be made and set out to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, they shall prepare a separate Award, with a Map or Plan of such Allotment annexed thereto, whereof there shall be Three Originals, one to be enrolled in the Court of Exchequer at Westminster, another in the Office of the Auditor of the Land Revenue, there to remain on Record, and which shall afterwards be filed and preserved amongst the Muniments of the Office of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land ReT venues for the time being 5 and the said Award, or the Enrolment thereof, shall or may be produced, read and received in Evidence on all Occasions where any Doubt, Question or Controversy may anse, relating to or affecting the Rights and Interests of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, in respect of the said Allotment to be vested in The King's Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, by virtue of this Act; and the Third of the said Awards shall be deposited with the Clerk of the Peace for the said County of Brecknock.

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues for the time being, to contract and agree for the Sale of, and absolutely to make sale and dispose of all or such Part or Parts of the said Allotment so to be set out to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, under the Authority of this Act, as they shall think fit, subject to the fame Approbation, and under the fame Limitations and Restrictions, and in the same manner, as directed by the said recited Act, with regard to the Sale of Allotments by the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues for the time being, under the Authority of that Act.

XII. And be it further enacted, That all the Rest, Residue and Remainder of the said Lands and Grounds by the said recited Act directed to be divided, allotted and inclosed, shall be and remain open and uninclosed for the Benefit of the several other Owners or Proprietors of ancient Messuages, Cottages, inclosed Lands and Grounds, entitled to Rights of Common in, over and upon the said Lands and Grounds, according to their several and respective Rights and Interests therein, freed and discharged from all Forestal Rights, and from all Claims of His Majesty, His I^eirs and Successors, and all Persons lawfully claiming under him or them; save and except such Rights and Interests as are herein after expressly excepted and reserved to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That John Chcefe, One of the Commissioners in the said recited Act named, or any Person to be nominated or appointed a Commissioner in his Room or Stead, shall be and is hereby fully authorized and empowered, by any Writing under his Hand and Seal, to be deposited and left with the Clerk of the Peace for the said County of Brecknock, where the same shall and may be inspected at all seasonable times for ever thereafter, by any Person or Persons whomsoever, on Payment of One Shilling, to make such Orders and Regulations as he may think beneficial and proper for the dinting the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be and remain open and uninclosed for the Benefit of the several Persons entitled to Rights of Common in, over and upon the fame; and to limit and settle the Quantity of Stock which each rerson having such Right of Common shall respectively feed and depasture thereon, in due Proportion to their respective Stints or Rights; and for the equitable Enjoyment thereof; and for the Participation of any Produce growing or to grow thereon; and which Orders and Regulations shall be binding and conclusive Upon all Persons interested in the said open and uninclosed Lands > and that it shall be lawful for the said

John

583

A.D. 1818. 58° GEORGII III. C. 99.

John Cheesey or any Person so to be nominated and appointed a Commissioner in his Room or Stead, to raise any Sum or Suihs of Money which shall be requisite to defray the Costs, Charges and Expences of so regulating the said Stint, or of carrying into Execution any of the Orders or Regulations which shall be so made for that Purpose, by Sale of a fumcient Part of the Lands and Grounds so directed to be and remain open and uninclosed for the Benefit of the several Persons entitled to Rights of Common as aforesaid; which Sale or Sales shall be made either by private Contract, or in the manner directed by the said recited Act; and for which Purpose the said John Chcefe, or any Person to be nominated in his Room or Stead as aforesaid, shall have and be invested with aM such and the like Powers and Authorities for carrying such Sales into Execution, and completing and perfecting the fame, as are by the said recited Act given to or vested in the Commissioners for carrying the said Act into Execution, with respect to any Sale or Sales thereby authorized or directed to be made by them.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That immediately after the said Allotment of the Moiety of the said Lands and Grounds within the said Forest, so to be made and set out to and for His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, shall by Order of the said Commissioners be flaked out and marked, all Rights of Common in, over and upon the same shall cease, and be for ever annulled, abolished and extinguished; and if any Person or Persons shall dig, cut or take away any of the Turf, Bushes or Underwood, or Soil of the said Allotment so to be. made and set out to and for His said Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, for any Use or Purpose whatsoever, or under any Right, Privilege or Claim, or Pretence of Right, Privilege or Claim whatsoever, then-and in every such case, on due Proof made before any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace on Oath, (which Oath such Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered to administer, ) the said Justice or Justices shall, and he or they is and are hereby directed and required by Warrant, under his or their Hand or Hands and Seals, directed to any Person or Persons whomsoever, to cause any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Five Pounds, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so offending in the Premises, rendering the Overplus (if any) on Demand, to the Person or Persons whose Goods and Chattels shall be so distrained and fold, after deducing the Cells and Charges attending such Distress and Sale; and the Money so to be levied as aforesaid shall be applied towards the Payment of the Cods, Charges and Expences of obtaining and executing this Act.

XV. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said Commissioners to inquire into, settle or ascertain any Disputes between any adjoining Parishes in which the said Lands or Grounds may lie or be situate* or as to the Boundary between any Extra Parochial Place and any adjoining Parish; any thing in the said recited Act, or in the Act of the Forty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for consolidating in One A3 certain Provisions usually inserted in A3s of Inclosure; and for facilitating the

Mode of proving the several fads usually required on the passing of such A8sy contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVI. And be it enacted, That the said Commissioners appointed or to be appointed by or under the Authority of the said recited Act of the Fifty fifth Year of His Majesty's Reign, shall be Commissioners for the putting into Execution of this Act; and all and every Part of the said recited Act of the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His Majesty, and all Powers and Authorities thereby given to the said Commissioners (.save and except so far as the fame is and are hereby repealed, varied or altered), shall be in full Force and Enest, and all such Powers and Authorities shall be used and exercised by the said Commissioners in carrying this Act into Execution, as fully and effectually as if the fame h$id been hereby repeated and re-enacted.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, after having completed such Allotments of the said Forest, draw up or cause to be drawn up their final Award, in manner prescribed by the Act of the Forty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and which shall be made within Twplve Calendar Months after the passing of this Act $ and the fame, when enrolled in manner directed by the same Act of the Forty first Year of His Majesty's Reign, shall be deposited and left with the Clerk of the Peace for the said County of Brecknock, where the same shall and may be inspected and perused at all seasonable times, in the Day time, for ever thereafter, by any Person or Persons whomsoever, paying the Sum of One Shilling, and no more, to the said Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy, for every such Inspection and Perusal; and Two Copies of such Award shall be enrolled, One of them in the Court of Exchequer at Westminster, and the other of them in the Office of the Auditor of the Land Revenue, there to remain on Record, and shall afterwards be filed and preserved amongst the Muniments of the Office of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues; such Award, or the Enrolment thereof, to be produced and read in Evidence on all Occasions where any Doubt or Controversy may arise, relating to or affecting the Rights or Interests of his Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, in respect of any Allotment vested in His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, by virtue of this Act: Provided always, that this Act shall not defeat or prejudice the Right or Interest of The King's Most Excellent Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in or to any Mines of Coal, Lead Ores or any other Minerals whatsoever, in or under the fame Forest, or any Part thereof; but that His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and His or their Lessees and Grantees, Agents, Servants and Workmen, may search for, dig, raise and carry away all Coal, Lead Ores, Metals and all other Minerals whatsoever, as if this Act had not been passed.

XVIII. Saving always to The King's Most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and to all Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, and their Successor6, and to all and every Person and Persons whomsoever, his and their Heirs, Executors, Administrators and Assigns, all such Eft ate, Right, Title, Interest, Claim and Demand whatsoever (other than and except such as is and are hereby expressed, meant and intended to .be barred, destroyed or extinguished), as they, every or any of them had or enjoyed in, to or out of the said

Forest

ExtinguHhing Rights of Common on the King's Allotment.

Cutting Turf, &c.

[Penalty.]

Commissioners not to inquire

into or settle Parish Disputes, or as to Boundaries.

41 G. 3. c. 109.

Powers of 55 G. 3. c. 190. (Exception, ) to continue in force.

Final Award by Commissioners.

Proviso for His Majestys Rights to Mines and Minerals.

General Saving.

584

41 G. a c. 109.

Commissionera

appointed.

Oath of Com-raiffiooera.

C. 99, 100. 58° GEORGII III. A.D. 1818.

Forest and Qpeo Commonable Lauds and Grounds, by the said recited Act directed to be divided, allotted and inclosed before the passing of this Act, or could have had and enjoyed therein in case this Act had not been puffed.

CAP. C.

An Act for vesting in His Majesty certain Parts of the Hayes of Birkland and Bilhagh, and of certain Commonable Lands and Open Uninclosed Grounds in the Township of Edwinstowe^ within the Forest of Sherwood, in the County of Nottingham.

[10th June 1818.]

WHEREAS The King's Most Excellent Majesty, in Right of His Crown, is seized to Himfeif,

His Heirs and Successors, and entitled to the Soil of the Hayes of Birkland and Bilhagh, in the f Township of Edwinstowe* within the Forest of Sherwood, in the County of Nottingham* together with all

Timber Trees, Wood and Underwood, growing, renewing. Handing and being thereon; which Tract of Land called The Hayes of Birkland ana Bilhagh* is computed to contain One thousand four hundred and eighty seven Acres: And Whereas there are within the said Township of Edwinstowe certain other Commonable Lands and Open and Uninclosed Grounds, containing by Estimation about One thousand fix

hundred Acres, the Soil whereof is vested in the several Lords of the Manors within which the said Commonable Lands and Open and Uninclosed Grounds lie and are situate; and the said Lords seised of the

1 Soil thereof are entitled to all the Timber Trees, Wood and Underwood, growing, Handing and being

thereon: And Whereas The King's Most Excellent Majesty being seised, m Right of His Crown, to

Himfeif, His Heirs and Successors, of the said Forest of Sherwood* is entitled tp certain Rights of Deer

and Game, and other Forestal Rights, over all the said Commonable Lands and Open Uninclosed

Grounds: And Whereas the Most Noble William Henry Cavendish Scott Duke of Portland* is or claims

to be Lord of the Manor of Edwinstowe, and as such claims to be entitled to the Soil of so much of the said Commonable Lands and Open Uninclosed Grounds as lies and is situate within the said Manor,

together with the Timber Trees, Wood and Underwood, growing, Handing and being thereon: And

Whereas the very Reverend the T)ean of the Cathedral Church of the Blessed Virgin Mary of Lincoln,

and the Chapter of the fame Church, are or claim to be Lords of the Manor of Edwinstowe Rectory, and

as such claim to he entitled to the Soil of so much of the said Commonable Lands and Open Uninclosed

Grounds as lies and is situate within the same Manor, together with all Timber Trees, Wood and Under-

wood, growing. Handing and being thereon: And Whereas the Right Honourable Charles Earl Manvers is the Lessee of the said last mentioned Manor under the said Dean and Chapter: And Whereas the Hud

Duke of Portland, the said Earl Manvers* and divers other Persons, are Owners or Proprietors of certain ' Estates in the said Township of Edwinstowe, within the said Forest of Sherwood, and in respect thereof

claim to he entitled (subject to the Forestal Rights of His Majesty 1 to certain Rights of Common and other Rights in, over and upon the said Hayes of Birkland and Bilhagh* and the said other Commonable Lands and Open Uninclosed Grounds: And Whereas an Act was passed in the Forty first Year of the Reign of

His present Majesty, intituled An Act for consolidating in One A3 certain Provisions usually inserted in Acts of Inclosure* and for facilitating the Mode of proving the several FaSs usually required on the pa/jing of such 4 A3s: And Whereas the said Hayes of Birkland and Bilhagh, and the said Commonable Landis ana Open

Uninclosed Grounds, in their present State are of less Value to His Majesty, or to the several Persons having such Claims or Rights thereon as aforesaid, than if the fame were inclosed; and it would be of great Advantage to His Majesty and the Public in general, and be advantageous to the several Persons having such Claims and Rights as aforesaid, if the said Hayes of Birkland and Bilhagh, and the other Com

moaable Lands and Open Uninclosed Grounds within the Township of Edwinstowe* were dilsf Forested,

and if the fame were divided and allotted to His Majesty and the several Persons entitled to and interested in the fame; subject to the Limitations and Restrictions in this and the said recited Act contained : May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be ehafted 5 and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That Adam Murray of Saint Martin'/ Lane* Westminster, in the County of Middlesex, Gentleman, on the Part and behalf of His Majesty, and John Parkinson of Wellow* in the said County of Nottingham, Gentleman, on the Part and behalf of the several Persons having Rights and Interests in the said Commonable Lands and Open Uninclosed Grounds hereby authorized to he divided and allotted, and their $ucc<^Tors, to he nominated and appointed in manner nereinafter mentioned, shall be and they are hereby appointed Commiiioners for dividing, allotting and inclosing the said Hayes of Birkland and Bilhagh* and the other Commonable Lands and Open Uninclosed Grounds within the said Township of Edwinstowe* and for carrying into Execution the several other Purposes of this Act, in such manner as is herein after provided or mentioned, and with such of the Powers, and subject to such of the Rules, Orders, Regulations and Restrictions contained in the said recited Act, as are not varied, altered or otherwise provided for by this Act.

H. And be it further enacted, That no Commissioner shall act in the Execution of any of the Powers by the said recited Act or this Act granted save and except in the signing and giving Notice of the First Meeting of the said Commissionersl, until he shall have taken and subscribea the following Oath, in Addition to the Oath by the said recited Act directed to be taken; such Oath to he administered and enrolled in like manner as the Oath by the said recited Act, prescribed to be taken by Commissioners for executing Acts of Inclosure, is directed to he administered and enrolled; which additional Oath shall be in the Words or to the Efteft following; that is to say,

I A.B.

A.D. 1818. 58° GEORGII III. C. 10o. 585

I A.B. do swear [or9 being One of the People called Quakers, do affirm], That I am neither Proprietor«A or Occupier of, nor, to the bed of my Knowledge* am I concerned as Guardian, Steward or Agent

for any Proprietor of Messuages, Houses, Cottages, Lands Or Grounds, or other Person having or claiming

any Right of Common, or any Manorial Rights, or any other Right or Intered in, over or upon the c Hayes of Birkland and Bilhaghj or the other Commonable Lands and Open Uninclosed Grounds to be

allotted and inclosed by virtue of an Act, passed in the Fifty eighth Year of the Reign of King George 1 0he Third, intituled [in/ert tie Title of this 5 and that I will honestly and faithfully, as a Commissioner under the said Act, execute and discharge the Powers and Authorities thereby given to me.

'So help me GOD.*

III. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Adam Murray, hereby appointed the Commissioner For appointing for and on behalf of His Majesty, or any Person to be nominated and appointed a Commissioner in his Room new Commis-or Stead, by virtue of this Act, shall die, refuse or neglect to act, or become incapable of acting as such sioners' Commissioner in the Execution of the said recited Act and this Act, then and in such case it shall be lawful.

for the Commissioners for the time being cf His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, by any Writing under their Hands, within One Calendar Month next after such Death, Refusal or Incapacity to act as aforesaid shall be made known to them, to nominate and appoint a proper Person (not intereded in the said Division and Inclosure) to be a Commissioner in the Room or Stead of the said Adam Murray, or of such other Person nominated or appointed in his Room or Stead, so dying, refusing, neglecting or becoming incapable to act as aforesaid; and so from time to time as often as any Commissioner, to be nominated and appointed by the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues as aforesaid, shall die, refuse, neglect or become incapable to act as such Commissioner in the Execution of the said recited Act and this Act; and in case the said John Parktnfony or any Person to be nominated or appointed in his Room or Stead by virtue of this Act, shall die, refuse or neglect to act, or become incapable to act in the Execution of the said recited Act and this Act, then and in every such case the surviving or remaining Commissioner shall, within One Calendar Month next after such Death, Neglect, Refusal or Incapacity shall happen to be known to him, or in case of his Death, Neglect, Refusal or Incapacity, then the Clerk for the time being of the said Commissioners shall summon a Meeting (of which Meeting Twenty one Days' Notice

shall be given, by*Advertisement, in some Paper usually circulated in the said Township of Edwinfloiuey or County of Nottingham), of all and every the Owners and Proprietors claiming such Rights as aforesaid, to be holden within Thirty Days from the Date of such Notice 5 and the major Part in Value of such Owners and Proprietors, who shall be present in Person, or by their respective known Agents, or by their Proxies, duly authorized for that Purpose at such Meeting or Meetings (such Value, in case of any Difference or Dispute touching the fame, to be ascertained by Reference to the Land Tax Assessment of the said Parish of Edwinstowe), shall, and they are hereby required, at such Meeting to nominate and appoint, by any Writing under their Hands, a proper Person or Persons (not interested in the said Division and Inclosure) to be a Commissioner in the Room and Stead of the said John Parkinfcn9 or of such other Person to be nominated and appointed in the Roo; n or Stead of him so dying, refusing, neglecting or becoming incapable to act as aforesaid, and so from time to time as often as any such case shall happen 5 and every such Commissioner so to be nominated and appointed shall, after taking and subscribing the Oaths prescribed in that behalf, have the like Powers and Authorities for carrying the said recited Act and this Act into Execution, and shall be subject and liable to the like Rules, Regulations and Restrictions as if he had originally been nominated a Commis-fioner in and by this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if the said Commissioners for the time being of His Majesty's If new Commis-

Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, or the said Persons claiming such Rights as aforesaid, or any of them, notno-

shall make Default in nominating and appointing any new Commissioner, so directed to be nominated and timeTre-11 appointed by them, or any of them respectively as aforesaid, within the respective times for that Purpose scribed, the limited, and in manner aforesaid, then and in every such case it shall be lawful for the surviving or remaining acting Commis-Commissioner, and he is hereby required from time to time by Writing under his Hand, within One Calendar fioner 10 make Month after the Expiration of such respective times so allowed for nominating and appointing such new -APP0, nt* and succeeding Commissioner as aforesaid, to nominate and appoint a proper Person (not interested in the said Division and Inclosure) to be a Commissioner in the Room or Stead of every such Commissioner so dying, refusing, neglecting or becoming incapable to act as aforesaid 5 and every Commissioner so nominated and appointed shall, after taking and subscribing the Oaths prescribed in that behalf, have the like Power and Authority for carrying the said recited Act and this Act into Execution, and shall be subject and liable to the like Rules, Regulations and Restrictions as if he had been originally nominated a Commissioner in and by this Act.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if either of the said Commissioners hereby nominated, Commissionere or any Commissioners to be nominated or appointed by virtue of this Act, shall wilfully refuse or neglect to neglecting to attend at the Fi.rft Meeting appointed to be holden for carrying this Act into Execution, and duly qualify ?ttend Mect" himself by taking and subscribing the Oaths prescribed iu that behalf; or if either of the said Commissioners shall, at any time after the First Meeting, wilfully absent himself from any Three successive Meetings appointed t0aft. to be holden by virtue of this Act, or having been absent from Two successive Meetings shall not attend daring the whole of the Third or ne*t succeeding Meeting (such Meetings being known to him, either by his being present at the Appointment thereof, or by Notice thereof in Writing having been given to him or left at his lad or usual Place of Abode by the Clerk to the said Commissioners); and such Commissioner not having been prevented, by Sickness or other reasonable Cause to be allowed by the other Commissioner, from 58 Geo. III. 4 F continuing

a&6

Not being prevented by Sfcknt£i, &c.

Power to Commissioners to appoint Clerks.

Appointment of en Umpire.

Umpire to take an Oath.

Surveyors how to he appointed.

Surveyor's

Oath.

C. IOO. 58° GEORGII III. A.D. 1818.

continuing or attending at any such Meeting or Meetings or if any Commissioner to be nominated and appointed in manner by this Act directed, shall not attend and qualify himself to act as a Commissioner in the Execution of the said recited Act and this Act, at the First Meeting of the Commissioners after his Nomination or Appointment, or shall thereafter wilfully absent himself from Three successive Meetings to be holden by virtue of this Act, or having been absent from Two successive Meetings shall not attend the whole of the Third next fricceeding Meeting, (such Meetings being known to him in manner aforesaid, and such Commissioner not having been prevented by Sickneis, or other reasonable Cause to be allowed by the other Commissioner, from attending or continuing at such Meeting or Meetings, ) then and in every such case such Absence or Non Attendance shall be deemed and taken to be a Refusal to ad within the Intent and Meaning of this Act.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby authorized and em-powefed to appoint a Clerk to assist them in the Execution of the said recited Act and this Act, and shall and may remove such Clerk and appoint another in his* Room, as to them shall seem meet 5 and in case of the Death, Incapacity, Neglect or declining to ad, of any such Clerk, then and in any such t: afe the said Commissioners shall and may appoint any other Person they may think proper to be their Clerk.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any Difference shall arise between the said Commissioners, touching or concerning any matter or thing to be done by them, by virtue or in the Execution of the said recited Act or this Act, wheteupon the said Commissioners shall differ in Opinion, then and in every such case such Difference shall be forthwith referred to such fit and proper Person (not interested in the said Division and Inclosure) as the said Commissioners shall, by Writing under their Hands, appoint as Umpire between them, and which Appointment they are hereby required to make at their First Meeting to be held under this Act; and the matter upon which such Difference shall arise shall be settled and determined by such Person so to be appointed Umpire, whose Determination therein shall be reduced into Writing, and shall be binding and conclusive upon all Parties whomsoever (except as to such Right of Appeal as is given by the said recited Act or this Act) 5 and for the Purposes aforesaid such Umpire shall have and he hereby vested with the fame Powers and Authorities aa by the said recited Act and this Act are given to or vested in the said Commissioners.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of acting as Umpire as aforesaid, until he shall have taken and subscribed an Oath in the Form or to the Effect following; that is to say,

J A* B. do swear [or, being One of the People called Quakers, do Tolemnly affirm]. That I will faith-t fully, impartially and honestly, according to the best of my Skill and Judgment, execute and perform t the several Powers and Authorities veiled and reposed in me as an Umpire, by virtue of an Act passed in

the Fifty eighth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act [here infers the Title

of this Act], according to Equity and good Confcieucc, and without Favour or Affection, Prejudice or

Partiality to any Person or Persons whomsoever.*So help me GOD.

Which Oath the said Commissioners, or either of them, are and is hereby empowered to administer; and such Oath, and also the Writing appointing such Umpire, shall be annexed to and enrolled with the final Atvard of the said Commissioners.

IX. And be it further enacted, Thtft it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's

Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, as soon as conveniently may be after the passing of this Act, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, to nominate and appoint some fit and proper Person and Persons (not interestea in the said Division and Inclosure) to be the Surveyor or Surveyors for viewing, surveying and measuring the said Hayes of Birkland and Bilhagh, and the other Commonable Lands and Open Uninclosed Grounds within the said Township of Edwinstowe, by this Act to be divided, aHotted and inclosed; and such Surveyor or Surveyors is and are hereby accordingly authorized and directed, as soon as conveniently may be after the passing of this Act, to view, survey and measure the Hayes of Birkland and Bilhagh, dnd the Commonable Lands and Open Uninclosed Grounds within the said Township of Edvoinjlowe, and to describe and lay down the fame by way of Map or Plan, and thereon, or in a Book of Reference to be annexed thereto, shall be set forth the Number of Statute Acres, Roods and Perches of the said Hayes and Commonable Lands and Uninclosed Gfounds; and that when and so soon as the said Surveyor or Surveyors shall have finished and completed the said Survey, Map or Plan, he or they shall, by Notice in Writing under his or their Hand or Hands, apprize the said Commissioners thereof, and appoint a time and Place for meeting with them, of which Ten Days' Notice at lead shall be given to each of the said Commissioners; at which Meeting the said Surveyor or Surveyors shall deliver to the said Commissioners present at such Meeting his or their Survey and Plan, and Book of Reference, and shall subscribe the fame with his or their Name or Names, in the Presence of the said Commissioners, who shall attest the same.

X. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall act as a Surveyor in the Execution of any of the Powers hereby given, until he shall have taken and subscribed the Oath following; that i3 to say,

I A.B. do swear [or, being One of the People called Quakers, do solemnly affirm], That will faithfully?«A impartially and honestly, to the best of my Skill and Judgment, execute the Teveral Powers and Authorities

vested and reposed in me, as a Surveyor, by virtue of an Act passed in the Fifty eighth Year of the Reign

of King George the Third^intituled An Act [here insert the Title of this Act], without Favour or Affection,

Prejudice or Partiality, to any Person or Persons whomsoever. 4 So help me GOD.

Which Oath it shall be lawful for either of the said Commissioners to administer 5 and the said Oath when so

taken shall be written on Parchment, and subscribed by the said Surveyor, and duly attested by the said

13 Corn-

A.D. 1818. 58° GEORGII III. C. 10o. $87

Commissioners under their Hands, and shall be enrolled-with the final Award to be made by the said Commissioners.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case the said Surveyor or Surveyors so to be Appointment of

appointed as aforesaid, or any succeeding Surveyor to be appointed in manner herein after mentioned, shall die, .new Surveyor*, refme, negied to act or become incapable of acting in the Execution of the said recited Act and this Act, then case of Dealh

and in every such case, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners for the time being of His Majesty's Woods,

Forfeits and Land Revenues, by any Writing under their Hands, within One Calendar Month next after such Death, Refusal, Neglect or Incapacity as aforesaid shall be made knowp to them, to nominate and appoint fame other fit and proper Person (not interested in the said Division and Inclosure) to be a Surveyor in the Room or Stead of any Surveyor so dying, refusing or neglecting to ad, or becoming incapable of adimr in the Execution of the said recited Act and this Act; and every Surveyor so nominated and appointed shall, after taking and subscribing the Oath prescribed in this behalf, have the like Powers and Authorities, and shall be subject and liable to the like Rules, Regulations and Restrictions, as if he had been originally appointed a Surveyor by virtue of this Act.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if the Commissioners for the time being of His Majesty's Woods, If Commis-Forests and Land Revenues, shall make Default in nominating and appointing any Surveyor or Surveyors so floneri of Woedf, directed to be nominated and appointed by them as aforesaid, within the time for that Purpose limited, and iff

manner aforesaid; then and in every such case it shall be lawful for the Commissioners acting in the Exe- uod«r

cution of this Act, and they are hereby required from time to time, by Writing under their Hands, within the Ad to have One Calendar Month after the Expiration of the time so allowed for nominating and appointing any new and the Power, succeeding Surveyor or Surveyors as aforesaid, to nominate and appoint a proper Person (not interested in the said Division and Inclosure) to be a Surveyor in the Room or Stead of any such Surveyor so dying, refofing or becoming incapable to act as aforesaid; and every Surveyor so nominated and appointed shall, after taking the Oath prescribed in that behalf, have the like Powers and Authorities, and be subject to the like Rules ana Restrictions as if he had been originally appointed a Surveyor under and by virtue of this Act.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the First Meeting of the said Comrfiiifioners for putting this Act Meeting* of in Execution shall be held at the House of Mary H'trjl, the Sign of The Royal Oak, in Edwinstowe, or at Commissioner*. fame other convenient Place in the Township of Edwinftoive, within Two Calendar Mouths at the farthest

next after the passing of this Act; and that the said Commissioners shall cause Notice in Writing to be affixed Notice of Meet.

upon each of the outer Doors of the Church of the Parish of Edwinstowe; and also Notice by Advertisement ing* to be given.

to be inserted in the Nottingham Journal Newspaper, if then published, and if not, then in some other Ntwf-

paper or Newspapers usually circulating in the said Township of Edwinstowe or County of Nottingham, oi the

time and Place of their First and every subsequent Meeting (Meetings by Adjournment only excepted) for the Execution of the Powers of this Act veiled in .them, Fourteen Days at lead before the time appointed for

such respective Meetings; and in case only One of the said Commissioners shall attend at the time and Place

appointed for any Meeting, or to which any Meeting shall be adjourned, it ftiaH be lawful for such Com*

miftioner so attending, and far the Clerk of the said Commissioners, in case neither of the said Commissioners shall attend, to adjourn such Meeting, to be holden at any future Day, not exceeding Twenty one Days from the Day of Adjournment, at the fame or some other convenient Place in the Township of Edwinftotve, or

within Three Miles thereof; and the Commissioner or Clerk so making such Adjournment is hereby required

to give timely Notice thereof to the absent Commissioner or Commissioners, and that the said Commissioners

IhaS have Power to adjourn any Meeting to be held by virtue of the said recited Act or this Act from time to

time as they may think convenient.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That all other Public Notices requisite or necessary to be given by thle* Other Notice* said Commissioners, shall be given by Advertisement to be inserted in the said Nottingham JournatUewCu^per, how I'*0*' if then published, and if not, then in some other Newspaper or Newspapers usually circulating in the f*idi Township of Edwinstowe or County of Nottingham, and also affixed on the principal outer Door of the

Parish Church of Edwtnfiomoe aforesaid.

XV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all Persons having or claiming aity Estate, {nterest or Claim* of Right Rights in or upon the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted and inclosed, shall by thenw to produced (Selves or their Agents deliver their respective Claims in Writing to the said Commissioners, at a Meeting to be°, he Comm, r- holden for that Purpose, in manner directed by the said recited Act of the Forty first Year of the Reign of , oners*

His present Majesty, of which Meeting Twenty one Days' Notice in Writing, under the Hands of the said Commissioners, expressing the Purpose of such Meeting, shall be given in manner hereinbefore directed.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Dispute or Difference shall arise between any of the Commissioners Parties interested or claiming to be interested in the said intended Division and Inclosure, touching or con- may settle Dif-ceming the respective Rights and Interests which they or any of them shall have or claim to have in the fame, put* as to

or touching or concerning any other matter or thing relating to the said Division and Inclosure, it shall and

may be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they art hereby authorized and empowered to examine into, but nut Title.

bear and determine the fame respectively: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall authorize the said Commissioners to determine the Title to any Messuages, Lands, Tenements or other Hereditaments

whatsoever.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Commissioners shall upon the Hearing and De- Power to Corn-

termination of any Claim or Claims, Objection or Objections to be delivered to them in pursuance of this or to

the said recited Act, fee Cause to award any Cods, then and in such case it shall be lawful for the said Com- dispute/*

missioners, and they arse hereby empowered upon Application made to them for that Purpose, to settle, affefo claim* and Ob. and award such Costs and Charges as they shall think reasonable, to be paid either to the public Account for or je&ions.

4 F 2 towards

pistress.

Parties may try their Rights by 2n IflUe it Law.

Proceedings.

In what case Determination of the Commis-nooers final

AStVm not to abate by Death of Parties.

Difjmtes touching Title not to suspend Execution of Act.

In case of the

Death of intended Defendants in Action before Action brought, the same to be carried on and defended in their Names.

G. ioo. 58° GEORGII III. A.D. 1818.

towards the Expences occasioned in or relating to- the investigating, settling and determining of such Claim Or Claims if finally disallowed, or to the Party or Parties in whose Favour any Determination of the said Commissioners shall be made, by the*Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, whose Claim or Claims, Objection or Objections, shall be thereby disallowed or overruled; and in case the Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, who shall be liable, to pay such Costs and Charges, shall neglect or refuse to pay the same on Demand, then and in every case it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under their Hands, directed to any Person or Persons whomsoever, to cause such Costs and Charges to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, so neglecting or refusing to pay the same, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand to the Person or Persons, or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, whose Goods and Chattels shall have been so distrained and fold, after deducting the Costs- and Charges attending such Distress and Sale,

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, interested or claiming to be interested in the said intended Division and Allotments, shall be dissatisfied with any Determination of the said Commissioners, touching or concerning any Claim or Claims of any Right of Common or other Rights or Interests whatsoever, in, over or upon the said Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted or inclosed, or any Part or Parts thereof, then and in every such case it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate so dissatisfied, to cause an Action to be brought, upon a feigned Issue, against the Person or Persons in whose Favour such Determination shall have been made, or against the said Commissioners, if the Subject of their Determination shall be of such a Nature as will affect the Persons in general interested in the said Division and Inclosure, within Three Calendar Months next after such Determination or Order of the said Commissioners shall have been notified in Writing to the Party or Parties interested therein, and shall proceed to a Trial or Trials at Law at the then next or at the following Assizes to be holden for the said County of Not- tingham; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Actions shall, and he, she or they is and they are hereby required to name an Attorney or Attornies; who shall appear thereto or file Common Bail, and accept One or more Issue or I flues whereby, such Claim or Claims, and the Right or Rights thereby infilled on, may be tried and determined; such Issue or I flues to be settled by the proper Officer of the Court in which the said Action or Actions shall be commenced, in case the Parties differ about the fame; and the Verdict or Verdicts which shall be given in such Action or Actions shall be binding, final and conclusive upon all and every Person and Persons whomsoever, Body and Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, unless the Court wherein such Action or Actions shall be brought shall set aside such Verdict or Verdicts, and order a new Trial to be had therein, which it shall be lawful for the Court to do as is usual in other cases; and after such Verdict or Verdicts shall be obtained, and not set aside by the Court, the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to act in Conformity thereto, and to allow or disallow the Claim or Claims thereby determined, according to the Event of such Trial or Trials; and all Costs and Charges payable by the said Commissioners in such Action or Actions, shall be paid and discharged out of the Monies to be raised by them foe the Purposes of this Act.

XIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Determination of the said Commissioners, touching such Claim or Claims of any Right of Common, or other Rights or Interests in, over or upon the said Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted and inclosed, or any Part thereof, shall, in case such Determination shall not be so objected to, or, being objected to, such Action or Actions at Law shall not be brought and proceeded in within the time and manner herein for that Purpose mentioned, be final and conclusive upon all and every Person and Persons, Body and Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate.

XX. And be it further enacted, That if either of the Parties, in any Action to be brought or Appeal had in pursuance of this Act, shall die pending the fame, such Action or Appeal shall not abate by reason thereof, but shall be proceeded in as if no such Event had happened!

XXI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no such Difference, Dispute or Proceeding, touching the Title to any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, shall impede or delay the said Commissioners in the Exe*. cution of this Act; but the Division or Inclosure hereby directed to be made shall be proceeded in notwithstanding any such Difference, Suit or Proceeding; and the said Commissioners shall, by proper Marks and Bounds, set out the Lands and Grounds which shall be allotted in lieu of such litigated Property, so that the fame may be distinguished from any other Lands and Grounds, and may be had and taken by the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, who, upon the Determination of such Difference, shall be entitled to the same.

XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons in whose Favour any such Determination as aforesaid shall have been made, and against whom any Action or Actions might have been brought if living, shall die before any such Action or Actions shall have been brought, and before the Expiration of the time hereinbefore limited for bringing such Action or Actions, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons, Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, who might have brought such Action or Actions against the Person or Persons so dying, to bring the fame within the time so limited as aforesaid against such Person or Persons as if actually living, and to serve the Clerk to the said Commissioners with Process for commencing such Action or Actions, in the same manner as the Party or Parties so dying might have been served therewith if living 5 and it shall thereupon be incumbent on the Heir or Heirs, or other Person or Persons who shall claim the Benefit of such Determinations as aforesaid, to appeal and defend such Action or Actions in the Name or Names of the Person or Persons so dead, and Proceedings shall be had therein in the

12 fame

A.D. 1818. 58° GEORGII III. G.roo.

same manner as if such Person or Persons had been actually living; and the Rights of all Parties shall be equally bound and concluded by the Event of such Action or Actions.

XXIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to enable the said Commissioners to determine any Right between any Parties, contrary to the Possession of any such Parties, excepting cases of Encroachment; but in case the said Commissioners mail be of Opinion against the Right of the Person or Persons so in Possession, they shall forbear to make any Determination thereupon until the Possession shall have been given up by or recovered from such Person or Persons by Ejectment or other due Course of Law.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, shall consider himself, herself or themselves prejudiced or aggrieved by the Determination of the said Commissioners, respecting the Limits or Boundaries of the said Township of Edwinfiowe, upon the said Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted and inclosed, or of any Parish, Manor, Township, Hamlet, District or Place adjoining thereto, as the same shall be set out and ascertained by the said Commissioners pursuant to the said recited Act of the Forty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and shall by Writing under his, her or their Hands or Hand give Notice to the said Commissioners, within Three Calendar Months next after such Determination, of his, her or their Desire to have the fame determined by an Issue at Law, instead of an Appeal to the Quarter Sessions, under the Provisions of the said last-recited Act; then and in such case it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, so dissatisfied with such Determination, to have the fame ascertained by Trial of an Issue at Law, under the Provisions of this Act, in such and the like' manner as in case of any disputed Right or Claim.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That for the Purpose of adjusting the Allotments of Land to be made to the several Persons entitled to any Right of Common upon the said Hayes or Commonable Lands and Uninclosed Grounds hereby directed to be divided and inclosed, the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby authorised to adjudge and determine the Quantity and Value of all and every of the Lands in virtue whereof such Right of Common is claimed and allowed, and to rate and estimate the same as to them shall seem just and reasonable, according to the real Value thereof, for the Purposes of Husbandry, without regard to any artificial or extraordinary Value arising from local, temporary or other peculiar Advantages; sod such their Judgment and Determination shall be binding and conclusive upon all Parties whomsoever: Provided, that nothing herein contained shall extend to authorize the said Commissioners, or any of them, to consider any ancient Messuage or Building, or Scite thereof, in respect whereof any Right of Common shall be allowed, at any more or greater Value than any other ancient Messuage or Building, or Scite thereof; but the said Commissioners shall rate and estimate all ancient Messuages and Buildings, and Scites thereof, at an equal Value one with another, and at such Value as they shall think most expedient.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to set out such and so many private Roads and Ways as shall be necessary for giving to His Majesty, His Heirs, Successors and Assigns, and to the Commissioners for the time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, and the Deputy Clerk and Servants of such Commissioners, convenient Access to the Allotments of His Majesty to be set out under the Authority of this Act.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and may turn or abate, and flop up, or order to be turned or abated and flopped up, any ancient Carriage Road or Way, Roads or Ways, except Turnpike Roads or ancient Footway or Path, Footways or Paths, in, through, upon or over any of the said Hayes and Comjnonable Lands, and Open Uninclosed Grounds, hereby directed- to be divided, allotted and inclosed, where they shall judge it requisite or expedient, giving such Notice of a Day to be appointed by them to receive Objections, as in the said recited Act of the Forty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty is directed or required in the case of setting out the Roads and Ways therein mentioned, and observing the Directions of the said recited Act as to the obtaining the Concurrence and Order of Two Justices of the Peace previous thereto, and subject to an Appeal to the Quarter Sessions, as in the said recited Act is mentioned.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby empowered to direct, order and award all Streams of Water, Springs and Watercourses within the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted and inclosed, to be carried and conveyed in such Courses, and through such of the said Lands and Grounds so hereby intended to be divided, allotted and inclosed, as they in their Discretion shall think necessary and proper for the Purposes aforesaid: Provided always, that no such Streams of Water, Springs or Watercourses shall be diverted or turned without the Consent in Writing of the Person or Persons from and into whose Lands the same shall be carried or conveyed.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby required, as soon as conveniently may be after setting out Public Roads and Highways as by the said recited Act of the Forty first Year of the Reign of His present' Majesty is directed, to set out and allot, unto and for the Surveyors of the Highways of the said Township of Edwinftoive, so much and such Part or Parts of the said Commonable Lands and Open Uninclosed Grounds to be divided, allotted and inclosed, not exceeding Three Acres, and in such Places, as the said Commissioners shall think proper, for getting Stone, Gravel or other Materials for the Repairs for Private Roads and Highways within the said Township; and any Grass and Herbage arising therefrom shall be and the same are hereby vested in the said respective Surveyors of the Highways for the time being, who shall let the fame, and account respecting the Rents and Profits in the fame

589

Persons in PofftfTipn (Exception) not to be molested without due Course of Law.

Tn what case Trill of Boundaries by an I flue at Law instead of Appeal to Quarter Sessions.

For adjusting Allotments, Commissioners may adjudge Quantity and Value of Lands,c.

Commissioners to set out private Roads to His Majesty's Allotments.

Power to turn and flop Roads, on giving Notice and having the Content cf Justices.

Appeal.

Commissioners empowered to turn Watercourses with Consent of Proprietors of Lands.

Allotments for Repairs of private Roads to be made to Surveyors of Highways.

599

Allotments to

His Majesty.

A certain Allotment taken in Satisfaction of His Majesty's ForelUl Rights.

Award of The Crown's Allotments, Three Originals, Two enrolled, and One deposited With Clerk of the Peace of the County of Nottingham.

Allotments to J-.ords for Right of Soil.

Allotment of Residue.

Timber growing on that Part of the Hayes to be allotted end divided, to become the Property of the Perfoiu to whom Allotments shall be made, on paying

C. 10o. 58° GEORGII IIt A.D. 1818.

same manner as they are by Law liable to account ior other Monies coile&ed and received by them as Surveyors as aforesaid.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That when the Survey of the said Land# and Grounds by this Act intended to he divided, allotted and inclosed, shall have been made and delivered to the said Commissionert for carrying this Act into Execution, and the Boundaries thereof shall have been duly settled, and when, pursuant to the Powers hereinbefore contained, the several Pieces of Ground for Roads, ' Highways and Places for getting Materials for the Repairs of the Roads shall have been set out, the said Commissioners shall, as soon as may be, proceed to value the whole of the said Hayes of Birkland and Bilhagh, and other Commonable Lands and Open Uninclosed Grounds within the said Township of Edwinjtowc aforesaid 5 and when and so soon as such Valuation shall have been made, the said Commissioners shall set out and allot in Severalty unto The King's Most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, one full Moiety or Half Part (Quantity, Quality and Value being considered) of the Lands and Grounds comprized within the said Hayes of Birkland and Bilhaghy the Soil whereof is vetted in His Majesty for and as a Consideration for such Right of Soil, and for all the Rights and Interests of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, in and to the said Hayes of Birkland and Billagh; and the said Commissioners shall in the next Place set out and allot in Severalty unto The King's Most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, so much and such Part and Parts of the other Commonable Lands and Open Uninclosed Grounds within the said Township of Edwinstowe, not comprized in the said Hayes, as in the Judgment of the said Commissioners shall (Quantity and Quality and Situation considered) be equal in Value to One Thirty second Part of the whole of the said Commonable Lands and Open Unin. closed Grounds which shall remain after making such Allotments as aforesaid, the said last mentioned Allotment to be set out as near the former as conveniently may be, and to be deemed and taken to be as a Compensation and in Satisfaction of His Majesty's Rights of Deer, Game and other Forestal Rights; and so soon as the fanfe shall be fevered from the Lands adjoining thereto, the Allotments of One Moiety or Half Part of the said Hayes, and One Thirty second Part of the other Commonable Lands and Open Uninclosed Grounds shall become and remain the exclusive and absolute Property of The King's Most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, freed, exonerated and for ever discharged of and from all Right of Common of Pasture, Common of Eftovers, and all other Rights of what Nature or Kind soever, and of all and Angular the Owners and Occupiers of Manors, Messuages, Cottages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, who at the time of passing this Act were entitled to any such Rights thereon, or of any other Person or Persons whomsoever.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That when and so soon as the said Commissioners shall have set out the Allotments hereinbefore directed to be set out to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, they shall prepare an Award, with a Map or Plan annexed thereto, and which Award shall be prepared and executed within Two Years after the passing of this Act, and whereof there shall be Three Originals, One to be enrolled in the Court of Exchequer at Westminster, another in the Office of the Auditor of the Land Revenue, there to remain on Record, and shall afterwards be filed and preserved amongst the Muniments of the Office of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues for the time being 5 such Award, or the Enrolment thereof, to be produced, read and received in Evidence on all Occasions where any Question, Doubt or Controversy shall or may arise relating to or affecting the Rights and Interests of His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, in respect of any Allotment veiled in The King's Most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, by virtue of this Act; and the Third of the said Awards shall be deposited with the Clerk of the Peace of the said County of Nottingham.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall assign, set out and allot, unto and for the Lord or Lords of the several Manors of Edwinstowe and Ed<a>tnJlo<ive Rectory, so much of the said Commonable Lands and Open Uninclosed Grounds within the said Township of Edwinjtowe as in the Judgment of the said Commissioners shall be equal in Value (Quality, Quantity and Situation considered) to One eighteenth Part thereof; and such Allotments shall be a full Recompence and Compensation for the Right of such Lord or Lords in and for the Soil of the said Commonable Lands and Open Uninclosed Grounds, and shall be divided and apportioned between the said respective Lords, according to their respective Rights and Interests.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required, after making such Allotments as are hereinbefore mentioned, to divide, set out and allot the other Moiety or Half Part of the said Hayes of Birkland and Bilhaghy and all the Rest, Residue and Remainder of the said Commonable Lands and Open Uninclosed Grounds within the said Township of Edwinjlowt, unto and atnopgft all and every the Person and Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, entitled to the Commonage in, over or upon the fame, or any Part or Parts thereof respectively, according to their several and respective Estates, Rights and Interests therein, as they the said Commissioners shall adjudge and deem to be a fair and equal Compensation and Satisfaction for such their several and respective Estates, Rights and other Interests as aforesaid, due Regard being had, in settling the Quantum of each Allotment, to the Quality and Situation of the Land to be comprized therein.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That all Timber Trees*, Wood and Underwood, growing, (landing and being on ^ny Allotments of that Moiety or Half Part of the said Hayes of Birkland and Btlhagh hereby intended to be divided and allotted unto and amongst the several Persons entitled to Rights of Common, at the time when such Division and Allotment shall take place, shall become and be the Property of the Person or Persons, Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, to whom such Allotment or Allotments shall be made or set out, such Person or Persons, Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, paying the Value of the same to the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues; and m case the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, and any Person to whom such Allotment shall be made, cannot

agree

A.D. 18 58° GEORGII III. C. 100.

agree on the Price or Value to be paid for any Timber Trees, Wooid or Underwood growing and being on any such Allotment, the Value of such Timber Trees, Woods or Underwoods, shall be referred to, settled and ascertained by Two indifferent Persons to be named as Arbitrators, One of whom shall be chosen by the Commissioners for the time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, and the other by the Person or Persons, Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, disputing such Value; and the said Two Persons so to'be appointed as Arbitrators shall, within Three Calendar Months after being appointed, fix and ascertain the Value in Dispute; and their Decision therein shall be binding and conclusive upon all Parties concerned; or in case such Arbitrators shall disagree as to the Value of the said Timber Trees, Wood or Underwood, then the Value thereof shall be ascertained and determined by such other Person as the said Arbitrators shall nominate as an Umpire, who shall fix and determine the fame within Three Calendar Months after being appointed for that Purpose, and whose Decision therein shall be final and conclusive upon all Parties interested.

XXXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Person shall neglect, for the Space of Three Calendar Months after the Value of any such Timber shall be ascertained, to pay for the fame, or shall be Unwilling to purchase the fame, and shall, within the same Space of time after the setting out of any such Allotment, refuse to treat with the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues for the time being, as to the Value of any such Timber Trees, Wood or Underwood, or to refer the.Amount of such Value to Arbitration, in manner before mentioned, then and in every such case the Timber Trees, Wood and Underwood (landing, growing and being on the Allotment or Allotments of the Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing as aforesaid, shall continue to be and shall be the Property of His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors 5 and it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and His and their Agents, Servants and Workmen, at any time within Two Years after any such Allotment shall be set out to the Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing as aforesaid, to cut down, take and carry away all the Timber Trees, Wood and Underwood'(landing, growing and being thereon, and which were (landing, growing and being thereon, at the time of setting out such Allotment or Allotments; and the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues are hereby authorized and empowered to receive all such Sums of Money as shall be paid for the Value of any such Timber Trees, Wood and Underwood, and to apply the fame, in the First Place, in the Payment and Discharge of all such Cods and Sixpences of this Act as are herein after directed to be defrayed and borne by His Majesty 5 and if any Surplus Monies shall remain after Payment of all such Costs and Charges, such Surplus shall be paid into the Bank of England, and placed to the Account directed by an Act passed in the Fiftieth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled an Act for uniting the Offices of Surveyor General of the Land Revenues of the Crown, and Surveyor General of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, Parks and Chaces, to be raised in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, intituled ' The Account of the Public Monies of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, being the Woods and Forests Fund and shall be applied and disposed of in such and the like manner, and for such and the like Purposes, as the other Monies by such. last mentioned Act directed or authorized to be paid in, carried over or placed t; o the fame Account, are thereby authorized or directed to be paid, applied or disposed of.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That when and so soon as the said Commissioners shall have ascertained the respective Rights of the Persons interested in the said intended Inclosure, and also the respective Shares and Proportions by them proposed to be allotted to such Persons respectively in lieu thereof, they the said Commissioners shall give Notice in manner aforesaid of the Day or Days and Place where all Persons interested. may peruse a Schedule of such intended Allotments, and inspect the Map or Plan whereon the same shall be delineated, and may have and receive a Copy of such Schedule, as far as the fame relates to each Person respectively; and as some Persons may, upon Perusal of the said Schedule, and Inspection of such Map or Plan, be dissatisfied with their intended Allotments, the said Commissioners shall give Notice of One Meeting at lead to be held by them for hearing Complaints and Objections against such intended Allotments, and for hearing and determining all such Objections; and their Determination in the Premises, as to Quality and Situation, shall be binding, final and conclusive to all Parties.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That all such Fences, or such Part or Parts thereof as the said Commissioners shall direct, shall for ever after the making thereof be kept in Repair by the Person or Persons who for the time being shall be entitled to such Allotment or Allotments, and all Fences in pursuance of this Act to be made for dividing and inclosing the Moiety or Half Part of the said Hayes of Biriland and Bilhagh, not allotted to His Majesty; and the Residue of the said Commonable Lands and Open Uninclosed Grounds shall be made, and at all times for ever thereafter repaired and maintained, by and at the Expence of the Proprietors interested therein, in such Parts and Proportions, and within such time and in such manner, as the said Commissioners shall in and by their Award direct or appoint.

XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if, owing to the Situation or other Cir-cumftance8 of any Allotment or Allotments, it shall happen that the Proprietors thereof shall not have a proportionable Share of Boundary Fencing thereto, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, where they shall judge reasonable, to ascertain and determine the Sum or Sums of Money to be contributed and paid by such Proprietor or Proprietors towards the Expence of the Boundary Fencing of such other or others of the said Proprietors who may happen to have too great a Proportion thereof, in order that the Expences of the Boundary Fences may be brought as near«as may be to a just and equal Proportion, Regard being had to the necessary Subdivision Fences within the respective Allotments; and the Money to be so ascertained and applied shall be levied and recovered in the same manner as Penalties are directed to be levied and recovered by the said recited Act of the Forty first Year of His Majesty's Reign.

XXXIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all and every the Allotments to be made in pursuance of this Act for or in respect of any Freehold Estates, shall be deemed and taken to be held and enjoyed as

Free-

5 91

the Value to Commissioners of Woods, such Value to be settled by Agreement or Reference.

Timber not paid for within Three Months after Valuation, to continue the Property of His Majesty.

Commission ere of Woods empowered to receive Money paid for Timber, How the fame applied, jo G. 3. c. 6j.

Allotments to be delineated in a Plan, and shewn to' the Proprietors.

Notice by Commissioners of Meeting for hearing Complaints.

Fences of Allotments of Residue to be kept in Repair by Proprietors!

Satisfaction to be made for unequal Share of Boundary Fences.

Allotments to remain of the fame Tenure.

592 C. ioo.

*8° GEORGII III.

A.D. 181#.

Provtfo for Sale of Allotment* before the Execution of Award.

Cost millioners to allot Lands: in exchange for others, with Content of Owners.

Freehold Estates; and all and every the Allotment to be made for or in respect of any Copyhold or Customary Estates held of any Manor or Manor in which the Lands and Grounds to be inclosed by virtue of this Act respectively lie or are situate, shall be deemed or taken to be as Copyhold or Customary Estates, and shall be held of the respective Lords thereof under the fame Rents and by the fame Customs and Services as the Copyhold or Customary Lands and Hereditaments for which they were so allotted are or ought to have been held, and shall pass by the like Surrenders as the Copyhold or Customary Lands and Hereditaments in respect whereof such Allotments shall be made now pass.

XL. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any of the Persons interested in the said Division and Inclosure shall fell, or shall at any time hereafter, and before the Execution of the final Award of the said Commissioners, fell his, her or their Right, Interest or Property in, over and upon the said Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted and inclosed, or any Part thereof, to any other Person or Persons, then it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required, to make an Allotment of Land unto the Vendee or Purchaser in such Sale, or to his or her Heirs or Assigns, for or in respect of such Right, Interest and Property fold; and every such Vendee or Purchaser, and his and her Heirs and Assigns, shall and may, after the Completion of such Sale, hold the Land and Ground so to be allotted to him, her or them as aforesaid, in the same manner, pursuant to the Terms of such Sale, to all Intents and Purposes, as the Vendor in every such Sale might, could or ought to have held and enjoyed the fame in case such Sale had not been made.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required, to set out, allot and award any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments within the said Township in which the said Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and allotted lie or are situate, or any Part thereof, in lieu of and in exchange for any other Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments whatsoever within the said Township, or within any adjoining Parish, Township or Place, provided that all such Exchanges be ascertained, specified and declared in the Aw^rd of the said Commissioners, and be made with the Consent of the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of the Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments which shall be so exchanged, whether such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, shall be a Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or a Tenant or Tenants in Fee Simple or for Life, or in Fee Tail general or special, or by the Courtesy of England, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives (by and with the Consent of the Lessor or Lessors chereof, and not otherwise), or with the Consent of the Guardians, Trustees, Feoffees for charitable or other Uses, Husbands, Committees or Attornies of or acting for such Proprietors or Owners as aforesaid who at the time of making such Exchange or Exchanges shall be respectively Infants, Femes Covert, Lunatics, or under other legal Incapacity, or who shall be beyond the Seas, or otherwise disabled to act for themselves, himself or herself; such Consent to be testified in Writing under the Common Seal of the Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, and under the Hands of the other Parties consenting respectively; and all and every such Exchange or Exchanges so to be made shall be good, valid and effectual in the Law to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XLII. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That no Exchange shall be made of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments held in Right of any Church, Chapel or other Ecclesiastical Benefice, without the Consent, testified as aforesaid, of the Patron thereof, and of the Bishop of the £)iocefe or other Ordinary of the Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction in which such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments so to be exchanged shall lie or be situate.

XLIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Costs, Charges and Expences attending the making or completing of all Exchanges and Partitions under the Powers and Authorities in this Act and the said recited Act of the Forty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or either of them, shall be paid and borne by the several Persons, Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, making, such Exchanges or Partitions, in such manner and in such Proportions as the said Commissioners shall order and direct, and to be recovered and recoverable in the same manner as any other Expences ordered to be paid by the said Commissioners are recoverable.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That all Leases and Agreements for Leases at Rack Rent, now sub-sifting of or affecting all or any of the Lands and Grounds which shall be divided and allotted by virtue of this Act, within the said Township of F.dtuiiiflo'wc, shall cease and be void at such time and times as the said Commissioners, by Writing under their Hands, to be affixed on the principal Doors of the Parish Church of Edwinjlo'zur, shall direct, the respective Lessore or Landlords making such Satisfaction in Money to their Lessees or Tenants, for the Loffts they shall sustain by the Determination of their respective Leases or Agreements, as the said respective Parties shall agree upon, or as the said Commissioners, upon an Application made to them in Writing by either Party, shall order and direct; and if the Money so to be paid as aforesaid shall not be paid* according to the Directions of the said Commissioners, within Twenty eight Days after Demand thereof in Writing under the Hand or Hands of the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be payable, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby required, to raise and levy the same, for the IJfe and Benefit of the Person or Persons entitled thereto, by such Way and Means as Penalties are directed to be levied and recovered under and by virtue of the said Act of the Forty first Year of His Majesty: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend tain JLeafes upon to set aside or make void any Lease or Leases from any Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or Person or F, nc- Persons, for any Life or Lives* or for Twenty one Years, or for any longer Term, for the granting of

which a Fine has been taken of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments in the said Parish or Township or either of them, to any Person or Persons whomsoever; but the Person or Persons entitled to such beneficial

Lease

Lands held in Right of Ecclesiastical Benefice not exchanged without Consent of Patron, Stc. Expences of Exchange how to be paid.

For vacating Leases at Rack

Rer.t.

Proviso for cer-

A.D. 1818. 58° GEORGII III. C. 100.

Lease shall and may hold and enjoy his, her or their several and respective Terms therein, and under the fame Rents and Covenants as is or are specified in his, her or their respective Leases from the said Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Person or Persons, to him, her or them fespectively.

XLV. And be it further eroded, 'That immediately after all the Allotments to be made in pursuance of this Act shall by Order of the said Commissioners be marked or staked out, all the several Shares or Allotments to be set out as aforesaid shall be, and be deemed and taken to be, in lieu and in full Compensation, Satisfaction and Discharge of all Rights of Common whatsoever, which the Persons interested in the Allotment or Inclosure, or any of them, could or might have had or been entitled to, in, over and upon the said Hayes of Birkland and Bilhagh, and Commonable Lands and Open Uninclosed Grounds hereby directed to be allotted and inclosed, or any Part or Parts thereof respectively, and from that time all Right of Common and other Rights whatsoever in or upon the said Hayes and Lands and Grounds shall cease and be for ever annulled, abolished and extinguished: Provided nevertheless, that it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, at any time before the Execution of the said Award, by Notice in Writing under their Hands to be affixed upon the principal outer Doors of the Parish Church of Edivinjlowe, to order and direct all or any Part of the Rights of Common in or over the said Hayes, and other Lands and Grounds, or any Part or Parts thereof, to be extinguished, or the Exercise thereof to be suspended for and during such time or times as shall be expressed in such Writing; and all such Rights of Common as the said Commissioners shall by such Writing order and direct to be extinguished, or Exercise thereof to be suspended as aforesaid, shall, from the time mentioned in such Writing, cease, determine and be extinguished, or the Exercise thereof shall be suspended accordingly 5 any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall after the passing of this Act dig, cut or take away any of the Turf, Bushes, Underwood, Soil, Gravel, Sand, Stone or Dung, in, upon or from any of the Lands or Grounds to be allotted and inclosed by virtue of this Act, for any Use or Purpose whatsoever, or under any Right, Privilege or Claim whatsoever, without the Licence of the said Commissioner first had and obtained for that Purpose, then and in every such case, on due Proof made before any Justice of the Peace for the said County on Oath (which Oath such Justice is hereby empowered to administer), it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice, and he is hereby required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, directed to any Person or Persons whomsoever, to cause any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Five Pounds to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so offending in the Premises, rendering the Overplus (if any), on Demand, to the Person or Persons whose Goods and Chattels shall be so distrained and fold, after deducting the Costs and Charges attending such Distress and Sale; and the Money so to be levied as aforesaid shall be applied towards the Payment of the Costs, Charges and Expences of executing this Act.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That, in order to render straight and to shorten the Boundary Fences between the Lands and Grounds by this Act directed to be divided, allotted and inclosed in the said Town-(hipof Edwinfiowe, and any Parish, Township, Hamlet or Place adjoining thereto, or to make the fame Boundary Fences regular, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, with the Consent in Writing under the Hand or Hands of the Lord or Lords of the Manor or Manors in which the Land is situate, and of the Owner or Owners of the Land upon which any Fence or Fences shall or may be intended to be made, to set out the Boundary or Boundaries between the Lands by this Act directed to be divided, allotted and inclosed, and any adjoining Parish, Township, Hamlet or Place, in such manner as they shall think proper for the Purposefc aforesaid; and after such Boundary or Boundaries shall be so set out as aforesaid, the same shall be fenced by such Person or Persons in such manner and at such time or times as the said Commissioners in and by their said Award shall order and direct; and the same shall for ever thereafter be deemed and taken to be the Boundary or Boundaries between the said Township of Edwinfiowe and such adjoining Parifil, Township, Hamlet or Place 5 any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That all Intakes or Encroachments made on the said Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and inclosed, and which have been made within the Space of Twenty Years last past, shall be deemed and considered Part and Parcel of the Lands and Grounds to be allotted or inclosed by virtue of this Act, as if the fanpe were actually lying open and uninclosed.

XLIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all such Encroachments as have been made and occupied without Interruption for more than Twenty Years, shall become the Property of and are hereby vested in the Persons who shall be the Owners or Proprietors thereof at the time of passing this Act 5 but such Persons shall not, for or on account of any such Encroachment, be entitled to any Allotment for any Right of Common or other Right in or over the said Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be allotted and inclosed.

L. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed, adjudged, deemed or taken to revoke, annul or make void any Settlement, Deed, Will or Lease whatsoever, or to prejudice any Person or Persons having any Right or Claim of Dower, Jointure, Debt, Charge or Incumbrance in, out of, upon or over, or affecting the said Lands and Grounds so to be divided, allotted and inclosed, or exchanged by virtue of the said recited Act of the Forty first Year of the Reign of His present Majestyorof this Act, or of any Part or Parcel thereof; but that the several Allotments to be allotted or given in exchange upon such Division or Inclosure thereof to the several Proprietors respectively, shall, immediately after such Allotments or Exchange shall be made and set out, be, remain and enure, and be held and enjoyed, and the several Persons to whom the same shall be £0 allotted or exchanged as aforesaid shall from the signing the said Award (land, be seised, and be possessed thereof respectively, to such and the fame JLflates, and with such and the fame Powers and Authorities for making Leases thereof or otherwise, and 58 Geo. III. 4G subject

593

Rights of Common to ceife.

Proviso for Extinction or Suf-pension of certain Rights of Common by Commissioneir on Notice before Execution of Award.

No Turf to be taken away after the passing of the Act without Licence of Comm>(lioiier&.

[Penalty.]

Commissioners, with Consent of Lords of Manors and Owners, may set out Boundaries to be fenced as Coml missioners shall direct

Encroachmeuls within 20 Years considered Part of Ground inclosed.

Occupation for more than 20 Years to veil Propen y in Owners as herein mentioned.

Proviso for Wills, Settlements, &c.

594

Proviso for Right to Tithes.

His Majestys Rights iu regard to Deer to remain until such time as the Commissioners shall appoint.

Proviso for Lands actually indofed.

The Hayes of Bilhagh and Birklund, &c. to he disafforested.

Expences of the Att, &c. to be paid by His Majesty.

Other Expences how to be paid.

Proviso for the King.

Money advanced to be repaid with Interest.

Power for certain Persons to ?nortgage or fell their Allotments.

C. too. 58° GEORGII III. A.D. 1818.

subject to such and the fame Wills, Limitations and Conditions, Settlements, Trusts, Provisions, Remainders, Reversions, Debts, Charges and Incumbrances (Right of Common and Common of Pasture, or other Rights as aforesaid, and such other Exceptions and Provisions as are herein made, only excepted), as the said several Lands and Hereditaments in respect or in lieu whereof, or in Right whereof, such Allotments were and are to be made to them respectively, stood severally limited or subject and liable unto at the time of making such Allotments respectively, or signing the said Award.

LI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to prejudice, lessen or defeat the Right, Title or Interest of the several Rectors, Vicar3 and Lay Impropriators for the time being of any Parishes, or any other Person or Persons whomsoever, in or to any Tithes, Great or Small, or any Compositions, Modules or other Payments arising or renewing out of or payable for or in respect of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments within the said Township of Edwinflowc; but that such Great and Small Tithes, Compositions, Modules or other Payments shall be paid and payable at all times hereafter in such and the same manner as they would have been in case this Act had not been made.

LII. And be it further enacted, That His Majesty's Rights of, in and over the said Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be divided, allotted and inclosed, shall remain and continue veiled in His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors and that all the Laws and Statutes of this Realm now in force for the Protection of Deer, and for punishing Persons guilty of any Offences in breach of such Laws, shall remain and continue in Force and Effect for the Protection ot His Majesty's Deer within the Regard of the said Forest, and for the Punishment of Offences therein, until the Execution of the final Award of the said Commissioners, or such time before the Execution thereof as the said Commissioners shall appoint; any thing in this Act contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding: Provided always, that in case any Allotment or Allotments of the said Lands and Grounds so to he allotted, divided and inclosed as aforesaid, shall be actually inclosed, and the Fences thereof completed, before the Day which shall be named by the Commissioners for difafforefting the said Hayes and other Lands, then and in every such case it shall be lawful for the Owner of any Allotment to hunt and kill any Deer within such Allotment, without being subject to any Pain, Penalty or Punishment for so doing.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That after the Execution of the said final Award, or the said Day to be named by the said Commissioners as aforesaid, all Right of Game of Deer, and all other Foreflal Rights and Privileges whatsoever of The King's Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and His or their Lessee or Lessees, or of all other Persons whomsoever, within, upon and over the said Hayes of Birkland and Bilhagh, and the said Commonable and Open and Uninclosed Lands, shall cease, determine and be for ever extinguished, and the same shall be disafforested, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That the Costs, Charges and Expences incident to and attending the oh- taining and passing of this Act, and of setting out the Allotments by this Act directed to be made and set out to and for His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and of making and enrolling the said First Award, shall be paid and borne by His said Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, out of any Money which is or shall be in the Hands of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues.

LV. And be it further enacted, That all other the Costs, Charges and Expences of carrying this Act into Execution, and of surveying, dividing, subdividing and allotting the Lands and Grounds by this Act directed to be divided, allotted and inclosed, unto and amongst the several other Owners and Proprietors of Lands having Rights of Common and other Rights, shall be borne and defrayed by such Lords of Manors, Owners or Proprietors respectively, in such Shares and Proportions, at such time or times, manner and Places, as the said Commissioners, either before or after the Execution of their said final Award, shall order, direct or appoint, by any Rate or Rates to be made by the said Commissioners for that Purpose save and except The King's Most Excellent Majesty, in respect of the Allotments to be made to Him, His Heirs and Successors, by virtue of this Act), and the Determination of the said Commissioners in the Premises shall be final and conclusive $ and in case any Person or Persons shall neglect to pay his, her or their Share or Proportion of such Costs, Charges and Expences as aforesaid, within the time and in manner appointed by the said Commissioners, then and in such case the said Commissioners shall cause the same to be raised, levied and recovered in the manner prescribed and directed by the said first recited Act.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whomsoever shall advance and pay any Money towards the Expences hereinbefore directed to be borne and defrayed by the Lords of Manors, Owners and Proprietors of Lands having Rights of carrying this Act into Execution, the Money so advanced and paid shall be repaid and satished to him, her or them, by the Direction of the said Commissioners, together with lawful Interest for the fame from the time of the Advancement thereof.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, on Application being made to them in Writing by any of the Husbands, Guardians, Trustees, Committees or Attornies of or for any of the said Proprietors or Persons interested in the Premises, being under Coverture, Minors, Idiots, Lunatics, or beyond the Seas, or under any other Disability or Incapacity, or by the Persons acting as such Guardians, Trustees, Committees or Attornies respectively, or by any of the Proprietors of the Lands hereby divided and allotted, or any Part thereof, who are or shall be Tenant or Tenants in Tail, or for any Life or Lives, or any other Contingency, to mortgage or fell, either before or after the making of the said Award, Part of the Allotment or Allotments to be made by virtue of this Act, to such incapacitated Proprietor or Proprietors, or other Person or Persons by whom or on whose behalf any such Application shall be made as aforesaid, for the Purpose of raising a Sum of Money sufficient to defray the respective Shares and Proportions of the Costs, Clarges and Expences of executing the said first recited Act, and this Act, which shall be

14 charged

A.D. 1818. 58° GEORGII III. C.roo. ^95

charged upon and payable by such incapacitated Proprietors, or other Person or Persons respectively, and of fencing and inclosing and subdividing his, her or their Allotment or Allotments, and of making and completing such Mortgage or Sale 5 and such Mortgage or Sale shall be made by the said Commissioners in such and the like manner, and subject to such and the like Rules and Regulations, as are mentioned and prescribed In and by the said first recited Act in respect to the Sale of any Lands authorized to be sold for paying the Ex-fences of obtaining and carrying into Execution any Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing any Lands and Grounds; and each and every Allotment for which the full Purchase Money shall be paid shall be conveyed by the said Commissioners, at the Expence of such Purchaser or Purchasers, unto such Purchaser or Purchasers, and his, her or their Heirs respectively, or as he, she or they shall appoint, and shall be inclosed and held by such Purchaser or Purchasers respectively in Severalty; and the Receipt of the said Commissioners Receipt of Cum-shall be a good and sufficient Discharge to such Purchaser or Purchasers for the said Purchase Money, mUfioners a Dii-which shall be applied by the said Commissioners in or towards the defraying such last mentioned Costs, ChargesJur"

and Expences; and if any Surplus shall remain in the Hands of the said Commissioners, the same shall be applied and disposed of by them in the manner directed by the said first: recited Act with respect to Money which is thereby directed to be paid into the Bank of England for the Purchase or Exchange of any Lands,

Tenements or Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses, or of any Timber or Wood growing thereon, and which ought to be laid out in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements anch Hereditaments, as therein mentioned: Provided always, that it shall not be lawful to raise by such Mortgage or Sale any greater or further Sum of Money than the Person or Persons, Part of whose Allotment or Allotments shall be mortgaged or sold as aforesaid, would have been empowered or authorized to borrow or charge upon his, her or their Allotment or Allotments, reckoning Five Pounds for each and every Acre thereof, under or by virtue of the said first recited Act: Provided also, that in all cases where any Lands shall be sold for Payment of Expences as aforesaid, it shall not be lawful for the Proprietor or Person whose Lands shall be so sold to charge the Residue of his or her Allotment, by virtue of the said first recited Act or this Act, with any Money towards Payment of such Expences.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners hereby appointed, and every Commissioner Oommiilioneis' to be hereafter appointed by virtue of this Act, shall be allowed the Sum of Three Pounds and Three Allowance. Shillings, and no more, for hit Trouble and Expences for each Day he shall necessarily travel or attend in the Execution of the Powers of this Act.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That once at least in each and every Year during the Execution of this Accounts of Ad, such Year to be computed from the Day of the passing thereof, the said Commissioners shall and they Commissioners to are hereby required to make a true and just Statement or Account of any Sums of Money by them or any of ^lanc^wo them received and expended, or due to them for their own Trouble and Expences, in the Execution of this annually*,

Ad; and such Statement or Account, when so made, together with the Vouchers relating thereto, shall be and no Items in by them, if required, laid before Two or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County of the Account Nottingham (not interested in the said intended Division and Inclosure), to be by them examined and balanced binding, unless (such Justices being hereby authorized to take or call in such Aid and Assistance in such Examination as allowed by t iem. they shall thitik fit, and to charge the incidental Expences), and the Balance shall be by such Justices dated in the Books of Account to be Kept in the Office of the Clerk of the said Commissioners; and no Charge or Item in such Accounts shall be binding on the Parties concerned, or valid in the Law, unless allowed by Two Justices of the Peace as aforesaid.

LX. And be it further enacted, That the final Award of the said Commissioners shall be made and Final Award to executed within Three Years next after the passing of this Act; and when the same shall be enrolled in be made within manner directed by the said recited Act, it shall be deposited and left in the Parish Church of Edivinjlonvc Three Years, aforesaid*

LXI. And be it further enacted, Thai* <he said Commissioners shall, if required by the Commissioners of Attested Copy His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues for the time being, make a Copy attested under their of final Award Hands of their Award, and also a Map or Plan of all the Allotments, and transmit the same to the said and Plan of Al-Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues for the time being, within Two Calendar^e

Months next after the making and executing the said Award, to be by them filed and kept amongst the Commissioners Muniments of their Office, and also an authenticated Duplicate thereof to the Auditor of the Land Revenue, of Woods, and tuch respective Map. and Duplicate to be produced, read and received in Evidence on all Occasions where Duplicate with any Question, Doubt or Controversy may arise relating to or affecting the Rights or Interests of Hishe Auditor of Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, in respect of such Allotment or Allotments, Rights or Interests; such L; , n tvcnue« attested Copy, Duplicate and Plan to be made at the Expence of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods,

Forests and Land Revenues.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That if apy Person or Persons shall think himself, herself or themselves in what case aggrieved by any thing done in pursuance of this or the said recited Act (other than and except such Orders Appeal to and Determinations as are by the said recited Act made in the Forty first Year of the Reign of His present Quarter Sessions Majesty, or by this Act directed to be made final and conclusive, and save and except in such cases wherein an NottinTam^ Issue at Law shall be tried as hereinbefore directed), then and in every such case he, she or they may appeal ° t, ng to the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace which shall be held in and for the County of Nottingham, within Three Calendar Months after such Cause of Complaint shall have arisen, on giving to the said Commissioners Twenty one Days previous Notice of such Appeal and of the matter thereof; and the Justices of the said Quarter Sessions are hereby required to hear and determine the matters of every such Complaint, and make such Order therein, and to award such Costs as to them shall appear reasonable, and by their C0A1.

Warrant to levy the Cost$ which shall be so awarded by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the

4 G 2 Party

CommifEonert empowered Co enter, cut and fell the Timber on any of the Allotments, except of the Hayes of Birk-hnd and Bil-hagh.

Produce how applied.

41 C. 3. (U.K.) c. 109.

General Saving.

G. 10b, 101. 58° GEORGII III. A.D. 181&

Party or Parties liable to pay the same, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners after deducing the reasonable Charges; which Determination of the said Ju dices shall be final and conclusive to all Parties concerned, and shall not be removed by Certiorari, or any Writ or Writs whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at WeJkninster or elsewhere.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners for carrying this Act into Execution, and their Agents, Servants and Workmen, at any time within Eighteen Calendar Months after the Allotments of the Commonable Lands and Uninclosed Grounds hereby intended to be divided and inclosed shall be set out, to enter into and upon all or any of such Allotments, except the Allotments of the said Hayes of Birkland and Bilhagh, and to cut down, take and carry away, sell and dispose of all the Timber Trees, Wood and Underwood (landing, growing and being thereon, and which were Handing, growing and being thereon at the time of setting out such Allotments; and the said Commissioners are hereby authorized and empowered to receive all such Sums of Money as shall arise by the Sale of any such Timber Trees, Wood and Underwood, or as shall be paid for the Value thereof, and to apportion the fame between the respective Lords of the said Manors according to their several Rights and In-.terefts therein, and to apply their respective. Proportions thereof in or towards defraying their respective Parts or Shares of the Costs and Expences of pamng this Act, and of carrying the fame into Execution; and to pay the Surplus thereof, if any, to such Lords of the said Manors, according to such their Rights and Interest therein, if they shall be respectively seised in Fee Simple of the Manors in respect whereof they shall be entitled to the fame; but the Part or Share, Parts or Shares of such Surplus Monies to which any Lord or Lords of such Manors, who shall not be Tenant or Tenants in Fee Simple of or in such Manors, may be entitled, shall be applied and disposed of in the same manner as any Money to be paid for the Purchase or Exchange of Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or of any Timber or Wood growing thereon, and which ought to be laid out in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, to be settled to the fame Urns, is by the said recited Act of the Forty first Year of the ReigA of His present Majesty directed to be applied and disposed of.

LXIV. Saving always to The King's Most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and to all Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, and their Successors, and to all and every Person and Persons whomsoever, his and their Heir6, Executors, Administrators and Assigns, all such Estate, Right, Title, Interest, Claim and Demand whatsoever (other than such as is and are hereby expressed, meant and intended to be barred, destroyed or extinguished) as they, every or any of them, had or enjoyed in, to or out of the said Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and allotted, as they or any of them now have or hath, or could have had and enjoyed therein, in case this Act had not been made.

CAP. CI.

An Act for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and eighteen.

I. j£. 3, 500, 000 o o

IL 250, 000 o o

III. 21, 448 12 6

IV. 250, 000 o o

V.

VI.

VII.

VIII.

IX. 2, 000, 000 o o

X. 30, 000, 000 o o

11, 600, 000 o o

800.000 o o

250.000 o o

21, 448 12 6

3, 500, 000 o o

250.000 O A

[10th June 1818.]

Granted to make good the Supply for Great Britain and Ireland for 1818.

Out of Dufies of Excise ofc6 G. 3. c. 17.

Out of Arrears of Property Tax under 46 G. 3. c. 65.

Paid into the Exchequer pursuant to 51 G.3

Cm 15* -

Arisen or to arise from the Sale of old Navy and Victualling Stores - - - J

Treasury to direct any Number of Exchequer Bills to be made out as directed by 48 G. 3. c. 1. on Fourteen Days' Notice being given in the London Gazettet and in three or more of the London Nevfpapers of the Day of Payment.

Powers of 48 Gm 3. Cm 1. extended to Exchequer Bills.

Such Exchequer Bills to bear Interest not exceeding $\ per Cent. per Diem.

And may be taken in Payment of the Revenue, Four Months after their Date.

Bank may advance on Credit of Aids, notwithstanding 5'6 IV. & M. c. 20. or any sub-

sequent Act

Money raised by Exchequer Bills under c. 3.

- r.4

Money raised by Transfer of 3 per Cents into 3^ per Cents. - - c. 23.

Monies arising from Lotteries c. 71.

Raised by Exchequer Bills - c. 86.

Raised by Irish Treasury Bills c. 87. (granted above, IV.)

(-----

- , §1.)

(-----, §11.)

Granted as above, and appropriated to Uses herein after ei-prefied. See § XI#

er xii.

A.D. 1818.

'6, 547.809 17 3

6l I>000 0 0

520, 000 0 0

559)°°° O 0

91, 000 0 0

2, 480, 6807 3

1, 787, 181 0 0

320, 000 0 0

178, 948 0 0

9, 765, 028 3 0

2, 470, 142 17 4

807, 231 13 4 net

116, 70714 to

33>8<5i 19 7 net

I37.346 1 3

8.877 13 8 net

27, 650 0 0

10, 061 10 10 net

92, 000 0 0

3G54*99 net

21, 275 11 4

175, 672 3 6

1, 26393 net

26, 2393 4

7.159 6 I net

129, 11299

3.^97 0 0 net

601, 730 0 0

5o, i73 1 6 net

28, 506 17 6

2.353 16 10 net

136, 385 0 0

42, 042 8 9

16, 789 79872, 189 10 2

180, 133 2 n

80, 456 o o

net

net

58° GEORGII III.

For Naval Services; that k to say, £. x. Jm For Wages for 20, 000 Men, 1

including 6, 000 Royal At per 270 Marines Man 2 00

For Victuals, per ^230

For Wear and Tear of Ships, Month 070 For Ordnance forSea Service, J For Ordinary Establishment of the Navy For re-building and Repairs of Ships and other extra Works -

For Provisions for Troops and Garrisons on Foreign Stations, and Rations for Troops to be embarked on board of Ships and Trans-ports -

For Transport Service - For Land Forces 5 that is to say,

Land Forces in G. 2?., and on Stations abroad, (excepting the Corps Rationed in Franee, and the Regiments employed in the Territorial Possemons of the!?. I. Company) Land Forces for Ireland -

For General and Staff Officers, and Officers of the Hospitals serving with the Forces in G. B., and on Foreign Stations, excepting France and India -

Ditto in Ireland -

Allowances to the principal Officers of certain public Departments in G. B., their Deputies, Clerks and Contingencies Ditto in Ireland -

Medicines and Surgical Materials for Land Forces on the Establishment of G. B. and of certain Hospital Contingencies Ditto in Ireland

For defraying the Charge of Volunteer Corps 1 in G. B. - - - -1

Ditto in Ireland -

For Four Troops of Dragoons, abd Fourteen Companies of Foot, Rationed in G. B. for recruiting the Corps employed in the Terri- } tofial Possessions of the E. I. Company - For Pay of General Officers in Land Forces, not being Colonels of Regiments upon the Establishment of G. B.

Ditto in hrtfahd -

For Garrisons at Home atad Abroad, on the' Establishment bf G. B.

Dittbin Ireland -

For Full Pay for retired and unattached Officers of Forces upon the Establishment of G.B. For Ditto for retired Officers in Ireland Fot Half Pay to reduced Officers of Land Fortes on the Establishment of G. B.

Ditto in Deltoid ... Military Allowances tb reduced Officers of Land Forces upon the Establishment of G.B.

- Ireland

Half Pay and reduced Allowances to Officers of disbanded Foreign Corps, Pensions to Wounded Officers, and Allowances to the Widows and Children of deceased Foreign Officers, -

For In Pensioners bf Chelfet1 Hospital

- KUma'tnhaHi Hospital

For Out Penfiohets of Chelsea Hospital

--; - Kilfndlnharti Hospital

For Penfibtis tb WiddWs of Officers of Land

C. ion.

k For 13 Months.

For 13 Months.

For the Year 1818.

From 25th Dec. 1817 to 24th Dec. 1818, inclusive.

For the Year 1818.

From 25th Dec. 1817 to 24th Dec. 1818.

For the Year 1818.

From 25th Dec. 1817 to 24th Dec. 1818, inclusive.

C. ioi

£ 18418 112 net

161, 806 3 7

20, 805 0 0 27, 260 4 2

7, 111 18 8 net

35, 000 o o

52, 216 o o

2, 384 o o net 394, 70c o o

99, 100 o o

134, 249 o o net

123, 474 o o net

207, 832 7 o

114, 651 0 o 1, 350, 000 o o 50, 000 o o

XIII. 855, 419 19 2

XIV. 120, 000 o o 596, 469 1 8

28, 419 17 2

115, 609 19 11 233, 408 2 o

11, 406 14 3

10, 394 7 10

*9>7*73 8

58° GEORGII III.

Forces and Marines upon the Establish-rnent of G. B.

Ireland

A.D. 1818.

For the Year 1818.

For the Year 1818.

Allowances to on Compassionate Lift, and of Pensions to Officers for Wounds Allowances to reduced Adjutants of Local Militia in G.B.

Allowances, Com pen fat ions and Emoluments in the Nature of Superannuation, or retired Allowances to Persons belonging to several Public Departments in G. B.9 in respect of their having held Public Offices, or Employments of a civil Nature

- Ireland

For Fees expected to be paid at the Exchequer on Issues for Army Services for the Britt/b Establishment -

For Corps existing on the British Establishment on 25th Dee. 1817, but proposed to be disbanded in the Course of the Year 1818.

- Ireland.

For Supply of Bread, Meat and Forage, "

Coals, Candles, Straw and Furniture for the Troops in G. B.f and for casual Supplies for the Troops on Foreign Stations, and also for the Pay of the Commissariat Department

For the Service of the Barrack Department in G. B. - - - j

c') -5*,

Ditto The Barrack Department f 2+t" , 8l8» , n*

in Ireland - -J cluf, ve'

The disembodiedMilitia of G.B. -(British Currency) of Ireland Extraordinary Expences of the Army for G. B.

- for Ireland

From the 25th Dec. 1817 For the Land Forces for Service in France -«j to the 24th Dec. 1818.

inclusive.

For the Ordnance Service - O

For the Office of Ordnance for Land Service |» For the Year 1818.

in G.B.

For Services performed by the Office of Ordnance for Land Service for G. B.9 and not provided for by Parliament, in the Year 1817.

For the Office of Ordnance for Ireland.

For the Office of Ordnance for G. B. on ac- " count of Allowances to superannuated, retired and Half Pay Officers, to Officers for good Services, and to wounded Officers, to superannuated and disabled Men, also for Pensions to Widows and Children of deceased Officers, late belonging to the For the Year 1818. several Ordnance Military Corps For the Office of Ordnance for Ireland, on account of the Pay of retired Officers of the late Irish Artillery and Engineers, and of Pensions to Widows of deceased Officers of the fame

For Allowances to superannuated and Half"

Pay Officers, to superannuated and disabled Men, and also for Pensions to Widows of deceased Officers late belonging to the several Ordnance Military Corps in G. B. and not provided for by Parliament in the Year 1817 -

Allowances, Compensations and Emoluments, ^For the Year 1818. in the Nature ot superannuated or retiredAl- I lowances to Persons late belonging to the I

A.D. 1

XV.

XVI.

XVII.

XVIII.

XIX.

XX.

XXI.

XXII.

XXIII.

818.

£. 4, 164 6

5, coo o 725, 681 12

400, 000 o o

24.000. 000 o o

9.000. 000 o o

6.000. 000 o o

18.000. 000 o o

1, 084, 615 7 81

Civil Establishments, 15, 450 o o 13, 440 o o 12, 605 o o 10, 800 o o 6, 757 10 o 5, 485 o o 3, 760 o o 3, 3°! 10 o

2, 190 o o 600 o o

25, 514 16 9

32, 851 o 3

2, 000, 000 o o

560, 000 o o

58° G£ORGII 111. C. 101.

Office of Ordnance in G. B. in respect of their having held any public Offices or Employments of a civil Nature, and also for Widows' Pensions -

- Ireland - J

Repairing Damages done to the Sea Walls at Portsmouth and Haflar.

On Account of the Sum of Two Millions to be applied by His Majesty in concert with the King of the Netherlands towards improving the Defences of the Low Countries by virtue of the Convention concluded 13th August 1814.

For carrying on the Treaty between His Britannic Majesty and the King of Spain, signed at Madrid 23d Sept. 1817.

For discharging outstanding Exchequer Bills under 57 G. 3.

Ditto -

Ditto - - - 56 G. 3.

Ditto - - - 5*7 C?. 3.

Ditto -.- Treasury Bills - 56 G. 3.

599

c. 2. c. 80. c. 14. c. 16. 4-

cc

250, 000 o c

20, 000 O O

6o, cco 0 0 11, 048 12 2

25, 000 o o 89, 368 14 10

6, 000 o o

3»0G0 o o 17, 000' o o

For the Royal Military College

For the Royal Military Asylum, Chelsea

From 1st Jan. Dec. 1818.

to 31ft

Stefra Leone Nova Scotia New South Wales Upper Canada

New B run [wick Newfoundland

St. John (Prince Edward*s Island)

Bahama Islands, in addition to the Salaries now paid to the public Officers out of the Duty Fund, and the incidental Charges attending the fame Cape Breton Island of Dominica

{"From the 25thDec. 1817 to the 24th Dec. 1818, inclusive.

For discharging Interest on Exchequer Bills, Irish Treasury Bills and Mint Notes.

Being the Hundredth Part of Fifty fix Mil- lions of Exchequer Bills authorized in the last Session of Parliament to be issued and

charged upon the Aids granted in the pre- «.v

sent Session, to be paid ly Quarterly Pay- F<V.he J"r end, nS , ft ments to the Governor and Company of the e'9*

Bank of England, to be placed to the Account of the Commissioners of the National Debt -

For such Expences of a civil Nature in G. J5. as do not form Part of the ordinary Charges of the Civil List.

For further Execution of an Act of 43 G. 3.

r. 80. towards making Roads and building For the Year 1818, to Bridges in the Highlands of Scotland -^be paid without Fee or For the building of a Penitentiary House at I other Deduction.

Milbank - - -j

From the 24th June 1818 to 24th June 1819, to be paid without Fee or other Deduction.

For the Establishment of Ditto

For Law Charges - - -1

For the confining, maintaining and employing Convicts at Home -

For Prosecutions, &c. relating to the Coin of this Kingdom

> For the Year 1818.

For the Vaccine Establishment

For printing A&S of Parliament for the two*.Houses of Parliament, for the Sheriffs, Clerks of the Peace and Chief Magistrates

For the Year 1818, to be paid without Fee or other Deduction.

«-4*7 3 3 1, 446 ij 7

2, 200 0 0 <5, 824 7 1, 969 6 3

2, 777 o o 12, 500 o o 1, 750 o o

33$ 10 o 620 o 0 266 13 4

80.000 o o 1, 092 14 2$

4>$55 3 5

i3>5°° o o

28.000 o o

3, 000 o c

10.000 o o

34-94 >4

75.000 o o

54*337 1 u

21, 000 o o 3, 500 o o

4, 000 o o

38° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1818.

For the Year 1818.

r

throughout the Ignited Kingdom, and for the , Acting Justices throughout Great Britain; aUo for printing Buis, Reports,

Evidence and other Papers and Accounts for the House of Lords To make good the Deficiency of the Grant of 1817, for printing 1750 Copies of the 71st VoL of Journals of the House of Commons.

To make good the Deficiency of the Grant of 1817, for printing Bills, Reports and other Papers by Order of the House of Commons during the last Session.

For printing the Votes of the House of Commons during the present Session of Parliament.

To make good the Deficiency of the Grant for the Year 1817, for reprinting Journals and Reports of the House of Commons.

For printing 11 co Copies of the General Index to 16 Volumes of Journals of the House of Lords, from the 20th to the 35th Voi. both inclusive.

For maintaining Criminal Lunatics For American Loyalists For Superannuation Allowances or Compensations to retired Clerks and other Officers formerly employed in the Office of the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts -

For Superannuation Allowances or Compensations to retired Clerks and other Officers formerly employed in the Lottery Office - For Superannuation Allowances or Compensations to retired Officers formerly employed in His Majesty's Mint For Superannuation Allowances or Compensations to One of the late Paymasters of Exchequer Bills For Hills drawn or to be drawn from New'

South Wales - - - 1

For paying off and discharging Exchequer __________ __________

7 and 11 th Anne remaining in Chests of Tellers of Exchequer with Interest thereon outstanding and unprovided for.

For Amount of Annuity granted to Trustees" of the late Princess Charlotte Augujla and the Prince Cobourg, which would have accrued from the 10th 0Sober 1817 to the 6th November following To the Trustees of the Sritish Museum for the Purchase of the late Doctor Charles Burney's Library and Collection - For maintaining and repairing the British Forts on the Coast of Africa.

For the Board of Agriculture*'

For the Year 1818.

A

S. O

To be paid without any Fee or other Deduction.

For the Year 1818.

Bills issued pursuant to

To be paid without Fee or other Deduction.

To be paid without Fee or other Deduction.

For the Year 1818.

For Works carrying on at the College of Edinburgh Towards the Repairs of j Henry 7thJs Chapel - J

For defraying the Expences of the Gold'

Coinage - 3

To make good the Deficiency of the Vote in the Year 1816 for making good any Deficiency or Loss to arise from the Re-coinage of the Silver Coin, and Charges and Expences of melting down, casting, assaying and recoining the fame and all other Expences incident thereto.

For printing Bills, Reports and other Papers during the present Session of Parliament.

For Expence that may be incurred in 1818 for printing 1750 Copies of the 73d Vol. of Journals of the House of Commons for the present Session.

For reprinting Journals and Reports of the House of Commons in 1818.

A.D. 1818.

58° GEORGII III. C. lor.

c. 14, 346 12 0

15, 000 0 0

50, 000 0 0

2, 397 0 0

120, 000 0 0

43>5°° 0 0

26, 000 0 0

5»J°° 0 0

11, 500 0 0

0 0

37, 000 0 0

10, 000 0 0

8, 663 16 8

3, 626 8 0

20, 000 0 0

1, 000 0 0

78, 058 11 3

I CO, 000 0 0

10, 000 0 0

13, 685 4

259, 686 l9 IOJ

850 0 0

XXIV. Briti/k Currency net.

i>i53 16 11

XXV.

18, 901 o o

20, 809 0 o

9, 69a o c 58 Geo. III.

Wo; k# ProPofed to*done*j For the Year 1818

For purchase of Land on Houn/low Heath for'1 " the Exercise of Cavalry - -J '

Towards Expence of Inland Navigation from'

To be paid without Fee or other Deduction. For the Year 1818.

To be paid without Fee or other Deduction.

For the Year 1818.

the Eastern to the Western Sea by Inver- To be paid without Fee nest and Fort'William - -J or other Deduction.

For retired Allowances and Gratuities to*

Officers formerly employed upon the Military Roads in Scotland, the Management of which Roads has been transferred to the Commissioners for Highland Roads and Bridges -

For Expences of a Civil Nature in G.B. as do not form Part of the ordinary Charges of the Civil List.

For making good the Deficiencies of the Fee\

Funds -

For further defraying Expences and MefTen-gers* Bills in the Departments of the Treasury, Three Secretaries of State and Lord Chamberlain -

For Salaries to the Officers, and Expences of the Court and Receipt of Exchequer For further defraying the Expences of the Houses of Lords and Commons For the Salaries and Allowances to the Officers of Ditto For further defraying the Expences of Works and Repairs of Public Buddings For making Variations in the Road between Bangor and Chirk

TOmentdofEi^ th' Mana«e*}To^ pj^hout Fee ment of the British Museum - or otL Dedu^on.

Towards completing the Improvements ini To be paid without Fee WcRminster -J or other Deduction.

Fr*"4g' °"r "* Fch. Year , 8, 8.

For the Year 1818.

To be paid without Fee J or other Deduction.

To complete the Building of the Royal Military College at Sandhurst. For the Governors of Queen Anne*s Bounty 1

For the Poorer Clergy in Scotland, to be issued I To be paid without Fee and applied pursuant to any Act for that I of other Deduction. Purpose - - J

To make up the Total Sum charged upon the Fees arising in the Exchequer, in the Year ending 5th Jan, 1818.

To make good the Deficiencies of the Grants for the Year 1817.

For purchase of Ground adjoining the Branch of the Royal Military Asylum at Southampton, for the Purposes of Air and Exercise.

For the Veterinary College

For the Year 1818.

For the Remuneration of certain Public Officers in Ireland, for their extraordinary Trouble in the Year 1818.

For the probable Expenditure of the Board of*

Works in Ireland - '

For Printing, Stationery and other Disburse-" ments for the Chief and Under Secretaries*

Offices and Apartments and other Public Offices in Dublin Castle, &c., and for Riding

Charge, and other Expence, of the Deputy, 0ncy endi the Pursuivants and extra Messengers attending, T X 6

the said Offices; also superannuated Allow-^Jan. \ 19. ances in the said Chief Secretary's Office Publifiiing Proclamations and other Matters of a Public Nature in the Dublin Gazette and other Newspapers in Ireland

4 H

602

C. ioi.

58° GEORGII III. A.D. 1818.

British Currency net.3439 0 0

23, 076 o o

2, 307 o o 8, 581 o o

3, 868 o o

756 o o 1, 764 18 6

691 o o

5, 475 o o

40.000 o o

15.000 o o

15.000 o o

8.000 o o

5.000 o o

XXVI. 9, 230 o o

I9>938 9

1 vtcyj6 o o

276 18 54.

323 o o 18, 461 o o

XXVII. 38, 331 o o

32, 5*5 o o 36, 646 o o

7, 085 o o 3, 530 o o

2, 755 o o

2.307 o o

8.307 o o

3, 148 o o 1^467 o o 4, 615 o o

465 o o 8, 928 o o 3, 430 o o

104 o o

2.307 o o

Printing 1, 500 Copies of a compressed Quarto Edition of the Statutes of the United Kingdom for the Magistrates of Ireland, and 250 Copies of a Folio Edition of the fame, bound for the Use of the Lords, bishops and Public Officers in Ireland.

Criminal Prosecutions and other Law Expences7 in Ireland Apprehending Public Offenders in Ireland - For completing the Sum for the Support of For One Year, ending 5th

Mnn r.ftnfnrmincp in (Qia

Non Conforming Ministers in Ireland For the Support of seceding Ministers from the Synod of Ulsler Protestant Dissenting Ministers

Jan. 1819.

'For One Year, ending 24th June 1818.

'For One Year, ending 5th Jan. 1819.

For the Year 1818.

{For One Year, ending 5th Jan. 1819.

Salaries of Lottery Officers

Pratique of the Port of Dublin

For the Board of Inland Navigation

For Civil Contingencies in Ireland

For making a Line of Canal from Lough Allan to the River Shannon, below Battle Bridge, in the current Year.

For further Civil Contingencies in Ireland - - eDc^I1& 51*1

To carry on the Works at Dunmore Harbour!

To carry on the Works at the Harbour of In the Year 1818. Howth

For building Churches and Glebe Houses, ) For One Year, ending and purchasing Glebes in Ireland - - 5th Jan. 1819.

For Trustees of the Linen and Hempen Ma-

For the Year ending 5th Jan. 1819.

For One Year, ending 5th Jan. 1819.

For the Year 1818.

5th Jan. 1819.

and

in

at

nufactures, to be by them applied in such manner as they shall think fit to promote the said Manufactures - For making wide and convenient Streets in the

City of Dublin - 1

Allowance to the Chairman of the Board of Inland Navigation in Ireland - - j

Repairing the House of the Royal Irish Academy in Grafton Street. Building Churches and Glebe Houws, and! For One Year, ending purchasing Glebes in Ireland - -3 1

For the Protestant Charter Schools of Ireland -

For the Foundling Hospital at Dublin For the House of Industry, Hospitals Asylums for Industrious Children Dublin

For the Richmond Lunatic Asylum Dublin -

For the Hibernian Society for Soldiers' Children at Dublin

For the Hibernian Marine Society in Dublin For the Female Orphan House in the Circular Road, near Dublin -

For the Westmorland Lock Hospital in Dublin -

For the Lying-in Hospital For Doctor Stevens's Hospital For the Fever Hospital and House of Recovery in Cork Street, Dublin For the Hospital for Incurables, Dublin For the Roman Catholic Seminary For the Association for discountenancing Vice and promoting the Knowledge and Practice of the Christian Religion For the Green Coat Hospital of Cork For the Cork Institution

Far One Year, .< 5th Jan. 1819.

nding

A.D. 1818.

58° GEORGII III. C. ior.

British Currency net,

*S>S3S ° O

For One Year, ending 5th Jan. 1819.

For the Society for promoting the Education " of the Poor of Ireland 9, 230 o o For the Dublin Society

5 o o For the Farming Society of Ireland

XXVIII. Supplies to be applied for the Purposes aforesaid.

XXIX. Rules for Application of Half Pay.

XXX. Half Pay to Officers of Mann Fencibles.

XXXI. - Chaplains of Regiments, although in Possession of Ecclesiastical Benefices.

XXXII. Application of Overplus of 6um voted for Half Pay by 57 G. 3. c. 132.

4H 2

406

C. i — vi.

58° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1818.

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS,

DECLARED PUBLIC,

AND TO BE JUDICIALLY NOTICED.

N.B. — The Continuance of such of the following Acts as are Temporary will he known (where it is not expressly fated) by referring to the following Lifiy according to the corresponding Letter at the End of the Title.

j) For 21 Years, &c. [i. c. to the End of the next Sejfon] from a Day named in the A3.

b) For 21 Years, &c. from the passing of the A3.

c) For 21 Years, &c. after the End of the Term under former A3s.

The following are all Public Acts; to each of which is annexed a Clause in the Form following:

t And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and " shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially w pleaded."

Cap. i.

An Act for making and maintaining a Road from the Town of Stroud, in the County of Gloucester, through Pitcbcomby into the City of Gloucester. (a) [17th March 1818.]

Cap. ii.

An Act to continue the Terms, and alter and enlarge the Powers of Three Acts passed in the Twenty third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Eleventh and Thirty seventh Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing the Road from the City of York to Boroughbridge in the County of York, (a) [17th March 1818.]

[Additional Trustees. Former Tolls to cease. New Tolls granted.2 c. 149., and chence for 21 Years, &c.

23 G. 2. c. 38. zi G. 3. c. 66.

37 G. 3. c. 149.

(except as repealed, See.) continued during the Residue of the Term granted and continued by 37 G. 3

Cap. iii.

45 G. 3. c.xxviii. An Act for extending the Powers of an Act passed in the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of His present 49 3- c. xxx. Majesty, for repairing Roads in the County of Ayr.

[17th March 1818.]

38 G. 3. C.XL The Term* thereby granted made to cease, except as to the Bury and Rat-cliffe Bridge District.

x8 G. 3. c. 102. 38 G. 3. c. 12. continued from xft May 1818, for 21 Years,c.

Cap. iv.

An Act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act of His present Majesty's Reign, for improving the Road from Manchester to Rochdale, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Lancaster; so far as relates to the Bury and Ratclijfc Bridge District of Road therein mentioned \ and for making Two new Branches of Road to communicate with the said District of Road, (r)

[17th March 1818.]

Cap.

v.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads leading from the City of Gloucester towards Cheltenham and Tewiesbury in the County of Gloucester. (c)

[17th March 1818.]

[Additional Trustees.]

Cap. vi.

An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from near the Town of Manchester in the County of Lancaster to Hyde Lane Bridge in the County of Chester. (b) [^th March 1818.]

[One Half additional Toll on Sundays.']

Cap.

A.D. 1818.

58° GEORGII III. C.vii — xvii. 605

Cap. vii.

An Act for continuing and amending an Act of His present Majesty for repairing the Roads near the Towns 14 g, 3. c. 101. of Hockerton, Kirklington, Southwell, Normanton and Winkbourne, with a Branch from Kirklington to the 36 G. 3. c. 150. Street Gate Road, and the Newark and Southwell Turnpike Road at Greet Bridge, in the County of Not- continued-tingham. (a) [17th March 1818.]

[New Trustees. Former Exemptiont from To I It repealed', and others granted."}

Cap. viii.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road 17 G. 3. c. 74. from Crouch Hilly in the Parish of Henfield, to the Turnpike Road leading from Bright helmdone to Cuckfcld, 3^ G. 3. c. 7. and from the East Side of the said Turnpike Road to the Cross Roads in the Town of Ditchling, ^in the for % I

County of SuJ/ex. (r) [17th March 1818.] ears' c'

[Additional Trustees. Former Tolls to cease. New Tolls granted.]

Cap. ix.

An Act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act passed in the Thirty third 33 G. 3. c. 139., Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing the Road from Manchester, in the County Palatine of cont*»nued from Lancaster, to Salter*s Brook, in the County Palatine of Chester. (a) [17th March 1818.]

[Former Tolls to cease. New Tolls granted. One Half additional Tolls on Sundays, except for Milk.} &c

Cap. x.

An Act for making more effectual Provision for Payment of the Debt due by the Trustees for Turnpike 49 G. 3. c.xxxvi. Roads, in the County of Peebles, and for other Purposes connected therewith. (3) [17th March 1818.] continuid.

Cap. xi.

An Act for continuing and amending an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from West Cow* 37 G. 3. c. 163. gate, near Newcastle upon Tyne, to the Alemouth Turnpike Road, in the County of Northumberland, (a) continued.

[ 17 th March 1»( 8.]

Cap. xii.

An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from Ardwick Green, near Manchester, in the 33 g. 3. c. 170. County Palatine of Lancester, to the Bridge at the Corn Mills at Wilmslow, in the County Palatine of 39 G. 3. c: lxiv. Chester. (a) [17th March 1818.] rcPwled-

[ Additional Toll on Sundays} .,

Cap. xiii.

An Act to amend an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act 57 G. 3. c. xi. of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from Towcester to the Turnpike Road in Cotton End, in the Parish of Hardingfton, in the County of Northampton. (a)' [17th March 1818.]

[.Additional Toll.}

Cap. xiv.

An Act for repairing the Road from Blakedown Pool in the Parish of Hagley and County of Worcester, to g. % t c.^Birmingham in the County of Warwick, (a) [17th March 1818.] 13 G. 3. C. 107.

[One Half additional Toll on Sundays.} 3* <^3- c. 140.]

Cap. xv.

An Act for amending an Act passed in the Fifty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled 56 G. 3. c, xlir. An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of several A3s pqjfed for improving the Port, Harbour and Town of Whitehaven, in the County of Cumberland, and for better supplying the said Town with Water.

[17th March 1818.]

A c*p- xti* 33G. 3. C. 80.

An Act to enable the Grand Junction Canal Company to vary the Line of Part of their Canal in the County in part repealed, of Hertford, and for altering and enlarging the Powers of several Acts relating to the said Canal. 34 G. 3. c. 24.

[17th March , 8x8.

35 G. 3. c. 43. 36 G. 3. c. 5. 38 G. 3. c.mlii. 41 G. 3. (U.K.) c. lxxi. 43 G. 3. c. viii. 43 G. 3. c. lxviii. 51 G. 3. c. clxix. $ % G. 3. c. cxl.

Cap. xvii.

An Act to enable the Gloucester and Berkeley Canal Company to vary and alter the Line of their Canal; and 33 G. 3. c. 97. for altering and enlarging the Powers of several Acts passed for making and maintaining the said Canal. 37 G. 3. c. 54. 888 P [17th , 818.]

Cap

39 & 40 G. 3. c. 43. in part repealed.

44 G. 3.0.46. 5O G. 3. c. 76.

8 G. 3. c. 38.

9 G* 3. c. 53.

*3 G. 3. c. 9a. in part repealed.

Cap. xviii.

An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Thames and Medway Canal to raise a further Sum of Money for completing the said Canal, and the Works thereto belonging; and for altering, enlarging and rendering more effectual the Powers for making the said Canal and Works.

[17th March 1818.]

Cap. xix.

An A/fc for altering, explaining and amending the several Acts of Parliament passed, relating to the 2?/r-mingham Canal Navigations; and for improving the said Canal Navigations.

[17th March 1818.]

24 G. 3. Self. 2. c*4* 25G. 3. C. 99. 34 G. 3. c. 87. in part repealed. 46 G. 3. c.xcii. 510.3. c.cv. 55 G. 3. c. xL

Justices it Quarter Sessions enabled to make Orders for providing a House, &c. for the Judges, &c.

Clerk of the Peace to be remunerated for his Trouble.

Juflites may at Quarter Sessions borrow Money

Cap. xx.

An Act for providing a convenient House, with suitable Accommodations, for His Majesty's Judges at the Assizes for the CouDty of Leicester; and for making .therein a convenient Place for the Justices of the Peace to meet and tranlad any Public Business of the said County 5 and also for the safe Custody of the Public Records of the said County.

[17th March 1818.]

WHEREAS the Lodgings in the Borough of Leicester, in which His Majesty's Judges have heretofore resided during their Attendance at the Affixes 10r the County of Leicester, are very inconvenient,

and do not afford proper and suitable Accommodation to them during their Residence in the said Borough:

And Whereas from the Magnitude and Importance of the public Duties of His Majesty's Justices of the

Peace for the said County, owing to the increased Population of the County, it is become expedient and

necessary, and it would be highly conducive to the Convenience of the Magistrates, and it would tend

greatly to the Accommodation of the Public, if a convenient Place for the transading the public Business

of the County, and to deposit in f^e Custody and Preservation the public Records of the said County, was established at Leicester: And Whereas the Justices of the Peace for the said County, assembled at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace holden at the Castle of Leicester, ip and for the said County, on the c Fifteenth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, and also the Grand Jury of the said

County, at the Lent Assizes in the same Year, having duly considered the Propriety of procuring a better Accommodation for the Judges, were of Opinion that the fame ought to be procured and made, and that there appears no Mode of procuring permanent suitable Accommodation for the said Judges but by purchasing, repairing or building of Tome House for that Purpose, and for which the Expenditure of a 4 considerable Sum of Money will be necessary: ' But as the fame cannot be done without the Authority of Parliament, may it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That at the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden after the passing of this Act, at the Castle of Leicester, in and for the said County of Leicester, and afterwards at any subsequent General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the said County, it shall and may be lawful for the Justices of the Peace for the said County then and there assembled, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to make from time to time such Order or Orders for the purchasing, building, repairing, providing and furnishing, in the Borough of Leicester or in the Suburbs thereof, any House or other private or public Building, or any Piece or Pieces of Land or Ground whereon a House may be built, with suitable Offices and Accommodations for the Residenee of His Majesty's Judges at the Assizes for the said County, or during any Special Commission of Oyer and Terminer, with their Officers and Attendants, and for transading the Business usually t ran faded at the Lodgings of His Majesty's Judges during the Assizes; and also for the Reception and Convenience of the Justices of the Peace for the time being of the said County, at any Adjournment of their General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, when the fame Sessions shall not happen during the Assizes of the said County, or during such Special Commission of Oyer and Terminer; and also for the making and providing in such House or Building suitable Offices for the Magistrates to meet and transact any of the public Business of the said County; and for the Deposit and safe Custody of the public Records of the said County; as to them the said Justices so assembled, or the major Part of them, shall from time to time appear expedient or necessary, and for pacing, discharging and defraying all the Expences, Costs and Charges of and attending the purchasing, building, repairing, providing and furnishing of the fame, and of effecting and carrying into Execution the several Purposes of this Act, by and out of the public Stock or County Rates of the said County, subject to such Restrictions and Provisions as are herein after contained.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Justices of the Peace assembled at any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the said County from time to time to order and direct such Salary or Allowance to be paid out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act, or by and out of the public Stock or County Rates of the said County, to the Clerk of the Peace for the said County of Leicester for the time being, or his Deputy, for assisting in the Execution of this Act, or for any other Services, Pains or Trouble required of him by the said Justices officially relating to the public Business of the said County, or for executing any Rules, Orders or Regulations to be made in pursuance thereof, as shall be thought fit and reasonable by the said Justices.

III. And for the more speedy and effectually carrying into Execution the Powers of this Act, be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Justices assembled at any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, or the major Par| of such Justices, to borrow and take up at legal Interest any Sum or Sums of

15 Money,

A.D. 1818. 58° GEORGII III. C. xx. 607

Money, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Seven thousand Pounds, on the Credit of the County Rates on the Credit of to be made, raised and attetted upon and within the said County of Leicester, and by Writing under their the County Hands and Seals, or tinder the Hands and Seals of any Five of them, to mortgage or assign over any such Rates.

Rates to the Person or Persons who shall advance or lend such Money, or to his, her or their Trustee or Trustees, as a Security for the Repayment of any Money to be advanced for the Purposes of this Act, with Interest as aforesaid; and all Persons to whom any such Mortgages or Alignments shall be made, or who shall be entitled to the Money thereby secured, shall be, in proportion to the Sums in such Securities ipen-tioned, Creditors on the said Rates equally one with another, without any Preference in respect of the Priority of advancing such Money, or the Dates of any such Mortgages or Assignments 5 and every such Mortgage or Assignment shall be good, valid and effectual in the Law for the Purposes thereby intended, and shall be in the Form or to the Effect following 5 (that is to say, )

Tfl/E, A*B* One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace and Chairman of the Court of Quarter Sessions of Form of Mort-

c the Peace for the County of Leicester, holden at the Cattle of Leicester, the Day of SaS«*

and C.D., £ F., G.I/, and /.AT., Four other of His Majesty's Justices of the

Peace acting for the said County, and assembled in the said Court in pursuance of the Powers to us given,

by an Act passed in the Fifty eighth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled c An ASy &c. {here insert the Title of this Act, -\ do hereby in open Court mortgage and charge all the Rates

to be raised within the said County under the Description of County Rates, by the Laws now in being,

with the Payment of the Sum of which L. M. of hath proposed and

agreed to lend, and hath now actually advanced and paid into the Hands of the Treasurer of the said

County for the Purposes of the said Act 5 and we do hereby confirm and establish the fame unto the said

L. ilf., his Executors, Administrators and Assigns, for securing the Repayment of the said Sum of

and Interest for the fame after the Rate of for One hundred Pounds

' for a Year; and do hereby order the Treasurer of the said County to pay the Interest of the said Sum of Half Yearly, as the same shall become due, until the Principal shall be discharged.'

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the respective Persons entitled to any of the Securities for Securities to be given for Money advanced for the Purposes of this Act, and their respective Executors, Money to be Administrators or Alligns, at any time, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, to transfer such Securities ^antterr»bl#. to any Person or Persons whomsoever, by Indorsement on the Back of such Security, or any Writing to be

annexed thereto, in the Form or to the Effect following; (that is to say, )

I A.B. do transfer this Mortgage, with all my Right or Title to the principal Money hereby secured, and Form of AC- all Interest now due and to become due for the fame, to C.D. his Executors, Administrators and figument.

Assigns. Dated the Day of One thousand eight hundred and

And all Mortgages and Assignments which shall be made in pursuance of this Act, and Memorials of all Transfers thereof shall be entered in a Book to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk of the Peace for thd said County; which Memorials shall specify and contain the Dates, Names of the Parties, and the Sums of Money thereby secured; to which Book any Persons interested shall at all seasonable Times have Access, and Audi have free Liberty to inspect the fame; and for the Entry of every such Trapsfer the said Clerk of the Peace shall be paid, by the Person to whom the same shall be made, the Sum of Ten Shillings, and no more; and after such Entry made of any Transfer, every such Transfer so entered shall entitle the Person to whom the same shall be made, and his, her and their respective Executors, Administrators and Assigns, to the Benefit of the Security thereby transferred.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Money to be expended in the purchasing, build- Money to be ing, repairing, providing, fitting up and furnishing such House, Buildings, Lands, Offices, Accommodations, ^ceed^evenl° Furniture and Appurtenances as are by this Act directed, including the Costs, Charges and Expences incident shousend* to and attending the obtaining and passing of this Act, shall not in the Whole exceed the Sum of Seven Pounds, thousand Pounds: Provided always, that no greater Sum or Sums of Money shall be applied from and out No more than of the public Stock or County Rates of the said County in any one Year towards the Discharge and Pay- One Halfpenny ment of the Sum of Money directed to be raised and borrowed under the Provisions of this Act for the |"e A^ffinent*1 Purposes aforesaid, and for the lawful Interest ter be paid to such Person or Persons advancing the fame, or |)e applied* out for the effecting and carrying into Execution the several Purposes of this Act, than shall amount to One Half- of the County penny in the Pound on the Assessment upon which the County Rate for the said County of Leicester is collected. Rate* in any

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Justices so attembled as aforesaid, or one Year*

the major Part of them, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, from time to time to treat, contract Just, ce$ 1, 1 and agree with the Owners of and Persons interested in any Houses, Buildings, Lands or Hereditaments ur

which they shall judge to be proper or necessary for the Purposes of this Act, for the Purchase thereof, and chafe^Houses*" by and out of the said public Stock and County Rates of the said County to pay or cause to be paid, for Buildings or the Purchase of such Houses, Buildings, Lands or Hereditaments, such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be Lands for the agreed, upon between such Owners and Persons interested as aforesaid and the said Justices, and also the Costs Eurpoies of this and Charges attending such Agreement and Purchase as aforesaid 5 and upon Payment of the Money agreed At

to be paid for the Purchase or any such Houses, Buildings, Lands or Hereditaments as aforesaid, or on depositing the fame in the Bank of England in manner by this Act directed, it shall be lawful for the said Justices of the Peace, or any Two or more of them, their Surveyors, Workmen or Agents, at any time thereafter, to enter upon and take Possession of the said Houses, Buildings, Lands or Hereditaments, and the same shall be conveyed to the Clerk of the Peace for the said County of Leicester for the time being, for the Purposes of this Act.

6o8

Bodies Politic, Corporate, Trustees, &c. enabled to fell*

Conveyances, Sec. valid without Fine or Recovery.

Application of Compensation when amounting to or exceeding aooi.

Application where the Compensation is less than aool. and amounts to or exceeds act.

Application where the

Money docs net exceed aol.

C. xx. 58° GEORGII III. A.D. 1818.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for all Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Tenants for Life or in Fee Tail, General or Special, and all Hu (bands, Trustees, or Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Guardians, Committees and all other Trustees whomsoever, not only for and on behalf of themselves, their Heirs and Successors, but also for and on behalf of their Cestuique Trusts, whether Infants, Issue unborn, Femes Covert, Lunatics, Idiots or other Person or Persons whomsoever, and to and for all Femes Covert who are or shall be seised, possessed of or interested in their Own Right, and to and for all and every Person or Persons whomsoever who are or shall be seised, possessed of or interested in any such Houses, Buildings, Lands or Hereditaments which shall be so fixed upon as aforesaid, to treat, contract and agree with the said Justices, or the major Part of them so assembled as aforesaid, for the Sale of such Houses, Buildings, Lands or Hereditaments, and of all or any Part of their Interest therein, or in any Part thereof, and to convey the same to such Person or Persons for the Purposes bf this Act, and in such manner as they the said Justices, or the major Part of them so assembled as aforesaid, shall direct, and as Occasion shall require; and all Contracts, Sales and Conveyances which shall be so made shall be valid to all Intents and Purposes, without Fine or Recovery, and shall be a complete Bar to all Estates Tail, and all other Estates, Rights, Titles, Trusts and Interests whatsoever, any Law, Statute, Settlement, or other matter or thing whatsoever to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding; and all and every such Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Hu (bands, Trustees, Feoffees, Executors, Administrators, Guardians, Committees and all other Persons, shall be and are hereby indemnified for what they shall do by virtue of this Act.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed to be paid for the Purchase of any Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments purchased by virtue of the Powers of this Act for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Executor, Administrator, Hulpand, Guardian or Committee, for or on behalf of any Infant, Lunatic, Idiot or Feme Covert, or to any Person or Persons whose Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments are limited in ftrid or other Settlement, or to any other Person or Persons under any other Disability or Incapacity whatsoever, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Justices of the Peace for the County of Leicester, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or in or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances, or any Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be

said, affecting the fame Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or affecting any other ioufes, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments settled therewith to the fame or the like Uses, Trusts, latent or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and invested, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for and upon such and the like Ufea, Trusts, Intents and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments which shall be so purchased as aforesaid flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the time of making the Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing, undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the meantime, and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the said Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be invested by the said Accountant General in his Name in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the meantime and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from time to time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed to be paid for any Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments purchased for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall amount to or exceed, the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments so purchased, or of his, her or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank with the Privity and in the Name of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in manner hereinbefore directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated' by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by any Two or more of the Justices of the Peace for the said County, such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties, in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in manner hereinbefore directed, so far as the case may be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the said Court of Chancery.

X. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That when such Money so agreed to be paid as last before mentioned shall not exceed Twenty Pounds, then and in all such cases the lame shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Houses,

12 Buildings,

A.D. 1818.

58° GEORGII III. C. xx. 609

Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments so purchased for the Purposes of this Act, in such manner as the said Justices, or the major Part of them so assembled as aforesaid, shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Uie and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively,

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arise touching the Title of Proviso respetf-any Person or Persons to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the PrivitynS deputed

of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of any Tlt'es> Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right or Interest in any Houses,

Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments to be purchased in pursuance thereof, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or to the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments at the time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to be lawfully entitled to such Houses,

Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Houses, Buildings,

Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where by reason of any Disability or Incapacity of The Court may

the Person or Persons or Corporation entitled to any Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments order reasonable to be purchased under the Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be Expences of paid into the said Court, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or to h

Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses in pursuance thereof, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order e U*

the Expences of all such last mentioned Purchases from time to time to be made in pursuance of this Act, dt

so much of such Expences as the Court shall deem reasonable, together with the necessary Costs and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Justices of the Peace out of the Money to be raised by virtue of this Act, who shall from time to time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That as soon as such House, Buildings, Offices and Accommodations Clerk of the; shall have been provided and furnished, and put into a proper State for the Reception of His Majesty's Judgeslea?e to

as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the Clerk of the Peace for the County of Leicester for the time being, and he whenHouses, n is hereby required, forthwith to give Notice thereof to the High Sheriff of the County of Leicester for the time &c. are com- being, and it shall be lawful for such Sheriff} or his Under Sheriff, within Eight Days previous to any Af- pleted \ fixes, or to any Special Commission of Oyer and Terminer for the Trial of Offenders, to be holden for the said County, to enter upon and occupy the said House, Buildings and Offices so to be appropriated for the Accommodation of His Majesty's Judges as aforesaid, and also the Furniture and Utensils in the fame, in ordqg that he may prepare and make ready the fame for the Reception of His Majesty's Judges as aforesaid, the Clerk of the Peaee or his Deputy delivering to the said Sheriff or his Under Sheriff an Inventory or Schedule end to deliver of all Furniture and Articles of Household Use appertaining to the said House and Premises, and the said Inventory of Sheriff shall be accountable for the due Care and Re-delivery of the fame (all reasonable Damage or J^ofs by ^m Wear and Tear excepted) 5 and the said High Sheriff and his Under Sheriff is and are hereby aqthorized.and be accountable ° empowered to require all and every Person or Persons then and there found therein (except the Person to for the fame, whose Care the said House and Furniture is intruded under the Authority of the Justices of the Peace of the said County) to remove and quit the fame for the Reception and Accommodation of the Judges as aforesaid; and in case of their not removing or quitting forthwith, taking to his and their Alfidanoe a Constable or Peace Officer, to displace and remove the Person or Persons so not removing or quitting forthwith, without being liable or subject to any Action for Trespass, or any Indictment for forcible Entry, or otherwise, for so doing.

1 XIV. And Whereas it may be necessary, for effecting the Purposes of this Act, to purchase more Lana or*Buildings than it may be absolutely necessary to retain for the Purposes of this Act 5' Be it therefore further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Justices so assembled as aforesaid, or the major Part of them. Any Lands or and they are hereby empowered from time to time to cause any such superfluous Land or Buildings to be Buildings not sold or disposed of, together or in Parcels, either by public Sale or private Contract, as they shall 2nd most advantageous and convenient, and to order the same to be conveyed, by Indenture or Indentures under the ti*e°s in g^t'gr Hand and Seal of the Clerk of the Peace for the said County for the time being, to such Person or Persons Session?. as shall be willing to contract for and purchase the fame, and to apply the Monies to arise by fijeh Sale or Sales to and for the Purposes of this Act; but the Purchaser or Purchasers shall not be obliged to fee to the Application of such Purchase Money, nor be accountable for the Misapplication or Nonapplication thereof, or of any Part thereof; and the Receipt and Receipts of the Treasurer of the said County for the time being for all such Purchase Monies shall be a sufficient Discharge and Discharges to any Person or Persons for his, her or their Purchase Monies.

XV. And be it further enacted, That during such time as any House, Buildings and Offices to be pro-v Allowance to vided by virtue of this Act shall be used for the Accommodation of His Majesty's Judges at the Assizes, or at Sheriff for any Special Commission as aforesaid, all and every Sum and Sums of Money allowed to the Sheriff of the said County for the time being, out of His Majesty's Exchequer for such Lodgings and Accommodations, shall be hiiTto°Tre*-paid over by the said Sheriff to the Treasurer of the said County for the time fieing, to be taken and applied flrerfor as Part of the Public Stock of the said County collected under the Rates for the same County, County.

Geo. III. 4 I XVI. And

6io

Hoiv Repairs, &c. are to be made, Sec.

Jurisdiction given to the County Justices In respect of the said House and Premises, Sec.

Appeals.

Actions to be brought and defended in the Name of the Clerk of the Peace.

C.Kx. 58° GEORGII III. A.D. 1818.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That whenever such House, Buildings, Offices or Accommodations shall require Alterations, Additions or Improvements, or become out of Repair, or any Furniture thereto belonging shall become unfit for Use, or any new Furniture shall be necessary, it shall be lawful for the Justices of the Peace for the time being of the said County, assembled at any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the said County, or the major Part of them, by an Order of the said Sessions, from time to time to direct the making of such Alterations, Additions, Improvements and Repairs, and supplying of all Furniture and other matters and things wanted to be made, done and supported; and it shall be lawful for such Justices, or the major Part of them, and they are hereby authorized to direct that such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be expended in the Repairs, Alterations, Additions or Improvements of the said House and Premises, or Supply of such Furniture or other matters and things as may from time to time become necessary as aforesaid, and also in the Payment and Discharge of all or any Quit Rents, Rent Charges, Taxes, Rates and Demands made upon the said House and Premises, to be defrayed and paid by the Treasurer of the said County for the time being out of any Money in his Hands of the Public Stock or County Rates of the said County; and the Treasurer of the said Chunty is hereby authorized and required to pay any Sum or Sums of Money so ordered by such Justices, and such Order shall be a sufficient Authority or Discharge to the said Treasurer for the fame; and that it shall be lawful for the said Justices, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to appoint a proper Person with a competent Salary and Allowance to take Care of the said House, Buildings and Offices, and to have the Charge of the Furniture being in the said House; and also that it shall and may be lawful for the said Justices to order the said House, Buildings and Offices and Furniture to be insured from Fire, and the Sum or Sums of Money so to be expended, and all Charges incident thereto, to be defrayed and paid out of the Public Stock or County Rates of the said County.

XVII. And Whereas the House and Premises in Contemplation to be provided and purchased under the Powers and Authorities of this Act will be locally situate within the Borough of Lcicesler, and the fame being an ancient Borough and Body Corporate within the County of Leicester, in which the Justices*acting in the Commission of the Peace for the said County of Lciccsler have no Jurisdiction Be it therefore enacted and declared, That when and so soon as the said House, Offices and Accommodations so to be provided and furniftied under the Powers and Authorities of this Act shall have been completed and pqt into a proper State for the Purposes aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Justices of the Peace for the time being of the said County of Lciccsler, at all times, to fit, execute and discharge their several Functions, Commissions, Processes, Duties and Services at, in and upon the said House and Premises so as aforesaid authorized to be purchased and provided by virtue of this Act, in the same manner, and with the like Powers and Authorities, as well for compelling the Appearance of Parties before them as in all other respects, as can or may be used and done at any Place within the said County of Lciccsler; and that for removing all Doubts and Difficulties which might otherwise arise as to Jurisdiction at, in or upon the said House and Premises so to be purchased and provided by virtue of this Act ( should the fame be locally situate within the said Borough of Lcicesler), all and every the Process, Examinations, Adjudications, Judgments, Executions, Records, Orders, Warrants, Commitments and other Proceedings of any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the time being of the said County of Lciccsler, made, done and executed at, in or upon the said House and Premises to be purchased and provided under the Powers and Authorities of this Act, and all the Acts of any Constable or other Officer in obedience thereto, shall be as binding, valid, legal and effectual, and shall be deemed and considered and are hereby declared to be as binding, valid, legal and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if the fame had been done at any Place within the County and not within the said Borough of Lciccsler; any Law, Statute, Charter or Usage to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in all cases of Appeal to any Order, Conviction, Adjudication, Act or Proceeding whatsoever of any Justice or Justices of the Peace of the said County of Lcicesler, had, made or done at, in or upon the said House and Premises to be purchased and provided by virtue of this Act (should the fame be locally situated within the said Borough of Lciccsler)9 such Appeal shall be made to the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the County of Leicester, and not to any General Session of the Peace to be holden for the Borough of Leicester; any Law, Statute, Charter or Usage to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the Clerk of the Peace for the time being for the said County may sue and be sued for or in respect of any Claim, Contract or other matter or thing made or done, or to be made or done, or in any way arising under the Authority of this Act, in any Court or Courts of Law or Equity 5 and l^at no Action or Suit to be brought or commenced by or against the said Clerk of the Peace by virtue of this Act, shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of such Clerk of the Peace, or by any Act of the said Clerk of the Peace done without the Consent of the said Justices, but such Clerk of the Peace for the time being shall always be deemed the Plaintiff or Defendant in such Action or Suit, nominally 5 and the same shall be carried on and defended under the Direction of the said Justices, or the major Part of them, assembled at any General Quarter Session of the Peace for the said County, and the Damages (if any) shall be levied, and also all Expences be by them defrayed, in.like manner as the other Charges Under this Act; and the said House, Buildings, Offices, Furniture and Appurtenances, and all Furniture, Articles, matters and things therein or thereunto belonging, or any Land or Hereditaments purchased by virtue of this Act, shall in any Indictment or Indictments be laid, alleged and described to be the Property of the said Clerk of the Peace for the time being, and under the Style and Description of The Clerk of the Peace for the County of Lciccsler: Provided always, that in all and every Action or Actions, Suit or Suits to be brought and commenced as aforesaid, no Penon or Persons whomsoever shall be deemed incompetent to

8 give

A.D. 1818. 58° GEORGII III.xx-r-xxviii. 61 r

give Evidence by reason of his, her or their paying or contributing towards the Public Stock of the said County, or by reason of hie, her or their being charged with or liable to pay any of the Public Rates of the said County.

XX. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons Limitation of for any thing done in pursuance or by virtue of this Act after. Six Calendar Months next after the Fad com- A&i°ns* tnitted, or Cause of Action accrued for which such Action or Suit shall be so brought; and the Defendant or Defendants in any such Ad ion or Suit may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon.

[Public Act.]

XXI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act; and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

Cap. xxi.

An Act for altering and amending an Act passed in the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty, for con* 47 G.3. SclT. 2. (Iruding a Pier and Harbour at or near the Town of FoUestone, in the County of Kent; for varying the c Limits, and improving and rendering more commodious the said Pier and Harbour; for raising a further Sum of Money for completing the lame; and for extending the Powers and Provisions of the said Act.

[19th March 1818.]

' Cap. xxii.

An Act for enlarging the Church Yard of the Parish of Chipping Barnet, in the County of Hertford, and for other Purposes relating thereto.

[19th March 1818.]

Cap.

xxiii.

An Act to continue the Term, and to amend and enlarge the Powers of several Acts passed for repairing the Road from Cirencester to Stroud, and another Road therein mentioned, both in the County of Gloucester, (ai\

[19th March 1818.]

[Tolls made to ceafcy and New Tolls granted.]

of the Road leading from Cirencester

25 G. % - c. 13. 10 G. 3. c. 115. 38 G. 3. c. 10. continued for li Years, See., except as to Part towards Biflcy.

Cap. xxiv.

An Act for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of two Acts of the Eleventh and Thirty seventh n G. 3. C. 95. Years of His present Majesty for repairing the Road leading from Wem9 in the County of Salop, to the 37 G. 3. C. 151. Lime Rocks at Bron y Garth9 and several other Roads in the Counties of Salop and Denbigh; for re- rontinuw! for ai pairing and diverting the Roads leading out of the said Road from Wem to Bron y Garth into the Turn- Ycar8* pike Road leading from Ellesmere to Wrexham; and for repealing so much of the said Acts as relates to a certain Part of the said Roads, (r) [19th March 1818.]

[New Trustees.'}

Cap. xxv.

An Act for repairing and maintaining the Harbour of the Burgh of Regality of Fraferburgh, in the County of Aberdeen.

[8th May 1818.]

Cap. xxvi.

An Act to continue the Term and alter and enlarge the Powers of an Act of the Thirty seventh Year of 37 G. 3. c. 156. His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Dover, in the County of Kent, through Deal, to Sand* contim, ed for ai wichf in the said County. (c) [8th May 1818.] Ycar8»&c*

[ Additional Trustees.]

Cap. xxvii.

An Act for altering and enlarging the Terms and Powers of certain Acts, in so far as the same relate to 34 G. 3.0.140. the Road leading from the Toll House in PaifleyLaney at the West Side of the Entry to the New Bridge 37 G. 3. c. 161. of Glasgow, by or near Parkhouse, to the East End of the Bridge at Renfrew. (b) [8th May 1818.]

[Additional Trustees. Tolls made to cease. New Tolls granted

Cap. xxviii.

An Act to extend and amend the Powers of Three Acts of His present Majesty's Reign, for building The Waterloo Bridge, and making Roads communicating therewith 5 and to authorize the Relinquishment of the repairing, lighting and watching of the Roads on the South Side of the Bridge, to the Trustees of the Surrey New Road6, adding under Two several Acts of His present Majesty's Reign, for making, widening and keeping in Repair certain Roads in the several Parishes of Lambeth, Newington, Saint George Southwark, Bermondsey and Chriflchurch, in the County of Surrey, and for watching and lighting the said Roads.

[8th May 1818.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, 49 0.3. c. cxci.

intituled An Act for building a Bridge over the River Thames, from the Precin3 of the Savoy, or

near thereunto, in the County of Middlesex, to the oppafite Shorty and for making convenient Roads and

4 I a ' Avenues

53 G-3. c. clxxxiv.

56 O. 3. c.Ixiii,

26 G. 3. c. 131.

47 G. 3. c. cxv.

Power to raise a further Sum.

Bonds and Debentures may be assigned; Augments to be registered.

Application of the Money.

Recital that Annuities had been already granted; and that Grants had been issued under the Com*

C. xxviii. 58° GEORGII III. A.D. 1818.

Avenues to communicate therewith, in the County of Surrey: And Whereas an Act was passed in the Fifty

third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for altering, enlarging and extending the 1 Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for building a Bridge over the River Thames, at the PrecinQ of the Savoy, or near thereunto, and making Roads and Avenues to communicate therewith, in the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey: And Whereas an Act was passed in the Fifty fix th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of Two A3s of His present Majesty, for building a Bridge over the River Thames, from the Precin3 of the Savoy, or near thereunto,

4 in the County of Middlesex, to the of>pofite Shore, and for making convenient Roads and Avenues to commu-

nicate therewith, in the County of Surrey; and also for making a new Road in lieu of Part of the Road or

Street called Narrow Wall, in the said County of Surrey; and for making an Archway over Part of such new Road; and for denominating the said Bridge The Waterloo Bridge: And Whereas the Company of

Proprietors of The Waterloo Bridge, incorporated by virtue of the hereinbefore recited Acts, or some or

one of them, have proceeded in the Execution of the several Works authorized by the said recited Act,

and have completed the said Bridge, and Part of the Roads therein mentioned: And Whereas, for the

more speedy and effectual Completion of the Remainder of the said Roads and Works, it will be expedient

that the said Company should be authorized to raise a further Sum of Money: And Whereas it would tend to the Advantage or Convenience of the Public if the said Company were to relinquish the Controul, Superintendence and Management, and the repairing, lighting and watching of the several Roads already made or hereafter to be made by them in the County of Surrey, to the Trustees of the Surrey New Roads, aAing under and by virtue of an Act passed in the Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for making, widening and keeping in Repair certain Roads in the several Parishes of Lambeth, Newington, Saint George Southwark, Bermondsey, and Christchurch, in the County of Surrey, and for watching and lighting the said Roads; and also of an Act passed in the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for enlarging the Powers of an Act of the

Twenty sixth Year of His present Majesty, for making and keeping in repair certain Roads in the Parishes of

Lambeth, Newington, Saint George Southwark, Bermondsey and Christchurch, in the County of Surrey, and for watching and lighting the said Roads: And Whereas it will also be expedient that the said Company should be authorized to alter, increase and vary the Tolls authorized to be demanded on the said Bridge and Roads; and that some of the Powers and Provisions of the said Acts, or some of them, should be altered, enlarged and amended May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors, in case they shall deem it meet and expedient, to raise any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Seventy five thousand Pounds in addition* to the several Sums authorized to be raised by the said recited Acts of the Forty ninth, Fifty third and Fifty sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, by borrowing the fame at any Rate of Interest not exceeding Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, and to issue to the several Persons who shall advance the fame, or any Part thereof, a Bond or Bonds, Debenture or Debentures, for securing the fame, with such Interest, under the Common Seal of the said Company; and by such Bond or Bonds, Debenture or Debentures, to mortgage and assign the Rates and Tolls to be received and taken upon the said Bridge; and all such Bonds and Debentures shall be registered with the Clerk of the said Company, and shall, so far as regards the Interests thereon, have Priority over and precede all other Securities upon the said Tolls, and also all Dividends and Division erf Profit or Interest upon any Sums subscribed or contributed towards the said Undertaking; any thing contained in the said recited Acts of the Forty ninth, Fifty third and Fifty sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, or either of them, to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding: Provided always, that the Holders of such Bonds and Debentures shall stand upon the fame Footing, the one with the other, in respect of their Right to the Payment of the Interest upon such Bonds and Debentures, without any Priority among themselves, notwithstanding the Sums of Money for which such Bonds and Debentures shall have been issued may have been advanced at different times.

II. And be it further enacted, That such Bonds and Debentures may be assigned and transferred in such and the like manner as Deeds of Mortgage of the Tolls of the said Bridge are by the said recited Act of the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty authorized to be assigned and transferred $ and every Alignment and Transfer of such Bonds and Debentures shall be registered with the Clerk of the said Company, in such or the like manner as Assignments and Transfers of such Mortgage Deeds are by the same Act directed to be registered; and the Clerk of the said Company shall be paid for registering every such Bond or Debenture, and every such Assignment or Transfer, such Sum, not exceeding Two Shillings and Sixpence, as the Committee of the said Company shall appoint.

III. 'And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful to and for the said Company to apply and dispose of the said Sum of Seventy five thousand Pounds, or such Part thereof as shall be raised* in making and completing the Roads by the said recited Acts of the Forty ninth, Fifty third and Fifty sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty and this Act authorized to be made, and generally in carrying the said recited Acts and this A A into Execution and Effect.

IV. And Whereas the said Company have raised a great Part of the Sums authorized to be raised by the said recited Acts of the Forty ninth, Fifty third and Fifty sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty,

4 by way of Annuity, and did agree with the several Parties advancing such Sums that the fame should be advanced by certain Instalments, in order that the Weight of such Annuities might not fall upon the said Company before the Sums advanced by way of, Consideration for such Annuities should be panted for the r' '«'- ' J4 - - 4 Execution

A.D. 1818. 58° GEORGII III. C. xxviiL

Execution of the several Works authorized by the said recited Acts of the Forty ninths Fifty third and Fifty sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty: And Whereas, in order to secure the Payment of the said Annuities to the several Persons advancing such Sums of Money, the said Company of Proprietors have issued to the said Parties certain Grants of Annuities under their Common Seal, specifying the Periods

at which such Instalments should be advanced, and the several Parts of such Annuities should commence: And Whereas some of the Persons advancing such Sums of Money having omitted to apply to the said Company for their respective Grants of Annuity until after all or some of the Periods at which such Instalments were advanced, the said Company have iiTued to such Persons respectively Grants of Annuity, bearing Date respectively the Days on which the fame were so issued, whereas according to the Tenor and Intention thereof the fame should have been dated on the Twenty third Day of February One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, the Day of Payment of the First of the said Instalments: And Whereas Doubts Have arisen as to the Form of all such Grants For Remedy whereof be it further enacted, That all such Grants of Annuities, being duly damped according to the total Amount of such Instalments, and all Assignments and Transfers of such Grants of Annuities, being duly damped according to the Amount of Consideration Money-payable to the Person or Persons assigning or transferring the fame, shall be good, valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes, any Law, Statute, Usage or Custom to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding 5 and shall be binding in Law, not only upon the said Company, but also upon all Grantees, and their Heirs, JLxecutors, Administrators and Assigns; and that such of the said Grants as by Mi (lake were dated subse-questly to the said Twenty third Day of February One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, shall be deemed and considered as bearing Date on, and shall take Effect from the said Twenty third Day of February One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, and not from the actual Date thereof: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall in any manner prejudice or affect any Question at Law or in Equity, now pending between any Parties or Persons whomsoever, relating to such Grants of Annuities or any of them, or in any manner to prejudice or affect any Suit or Proceeding now pending between any Parties or Persons whomsoever and the said Company, touching or concerning any Arrears of Annuities or Division of Profit or Interest arising antecedent to the passing of this Act.

4 V, And Whereas it may be proper that the said Company should be authorized to raise Money from time to time for the Purpose of redeeming or purchasing the Annuities granted by the said Company, or any of them Be it therefore further enacted, That it shall be lawful to and for the said. Company, in addition to the several Sums by the said recited Acts of the Forty ninth, Fifty third and Fifty sixth Years of the "Reign of His present Majesty, and this Act, authorized to be raised, to raise by all or any of the Modes mentioned and authorized in and by the salt} recited Acts of the Forty ninth, Fifty third and Fifty sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, and this Act, or any of them, for the raising of all or any of the Sums by the said recited Acts of the Forty ninth, Fifty third and Fifty sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, and this Act, and authorized to be raised, any Sum or Sums of Money which may from time to time be required, for the Purpose of redeeming or purchasing such Annuities, or any of them; and that the several Persons who shall advance the said Sums of Money or any Part thereof, and their respective Assigns, shall Hand upon the fame Footing as the Holders of the Annuities which shall be redeemed or purchased with the Monies advanced by them respectively: Provided always, that such Sums of Money shall be applied folelv to the Redemption or Purchase of such Annuities, and to and for no other Use, Trust, Intent or Purpose whatsoever: Provided also, that the borrowing or raising any Sum or Sums for the Redemption or Purchase of such Annuities shall not prejudice or in any manner affect the Rights and Securities of the Holders of the ^onds and Debentures hereby authorized to be issued.

1 4

VI. And Whereas it is desirable that the Road intended to be made from the Foot of the said Bridge to near the Obelisk in Saint George's Fields in the County of Surrey, should be altered, and also widened at the End thereof neared the said Obelisk: And Whereas the said Company have deposited with the Clerk of the Peace for the County of Surrey a Map or Pl^n describing and delineating the intended Line of the said , Road, and the several Lands, Buildings and Hereditaments which will be required to be taken and used for completing the fame, and which are described in the Schedules to the said recited Acts of the Forty ninth, Fifty third and Fifty sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty and this Act annexed, or some of them, and have also deposited with the said Clerk of the Peace a Book of Reference containing Lists of the Name8of the Owners or reputed Owners and Occupiers of the Lands, Buildings and Hereditaments to be taken and used by virtue of this Act; Be it therefore further enacted, That the said Map or Plan and Book of Reference shall remain in the Custody of the said Clerk of the Peace, to the End that all Persons interested therein may at all seasonable times have Liberty to inspect and peruse the fame, and take Copies or Extracts thereof at their Will and Pleasure, paying to such Clerk of the Peace the Sum of One Shilling for every such Inspection, and after the Rate of Sixpence for every One hundred Words of such Copies or Extracts of the said Map or Plan and Book of Reference.

VII. And Whereas the said Company are authorized by the said recited Acts of the Forty ninth, Fifty third and Fifty sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, or one of them, to take and use, for the Purpose*; 4 therein mentioned, such of the Lands, Buildings and Hereditaments mentioned in the said Map or Plan, and in the Schedule to this Act annexed, as are distinguished by Figures in the said Map or Plan and Schedule; Be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Company to alter and widen the said .Road leading from the Foot of the said Bridge to near the Obelisk in Saint George's Fields, in manner described and delineated in the said Map or Plan, and to take and purchase, for the Purposes of the said recited Acts of the Forty ninth, Fifty third and Fifty sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, and this Act, such of the Lands, Buildings and Hereditaments mentioned in the Schedule to this Act annexed, as are

613

pany's Seal; and that some of the Grantees had omitted to apply for their Grants, the Company had issued Grants of the Validity of which Doubts have been entertained.

Proviso for such Grants.

Power to borrow for redeeming Annuities.

Map of the new Rond and Bcok of Reference to remain in the Custody of the Clerk of the Peace for the County of Surrey.

Road towards the Obelisk.in St. George's Fields may be widened j

tiotwithstanding Miftikes in Book of Reference.

Present Tolls repealed.

New To!U.

Cuper's Bridge Stairs to he discontinued.

Watermen offending may be seized.

C. xxviii. 58° GEORGII III. A.D. 1818.

not therein distinguished by Figures, and which the said Company are not already authorized by the said recited Acts of the Forty ninth, Fifty third and Fifty hath Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, or one of them, to take and use as aforesaid.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Company shall have full Power and Authority to alter and widen the said Road, and to complete the same in the manner described and delineated in the said Map or Plan, and may purchase and take Pofression, for the Purposes of the said recited Acts of the Forty ninth, Fifty third and Fifty sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, and this Act, of any of the Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments requisite for the Execution of the said Works, notwithstanding any Error or Omission, or incorrect Description in the said Map or Plan or Book of Reference, or in the said Schedule, in case it shall appear to any Two or more Justices of the Peace of the County of Surrey, and be certified by Writing under their Hands, that such Error, Omission or incorrect Description proceeded from Mistake.

IX. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, the several Tolls authorized to be demanded and taken by the said Company upon the said Bridge and Roads by the said recited Acts of the Forty ninth. Fifty third and Fifty sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, or any of them, shall be and the same are hereby repealed; and that instead thereof there shall be demanded and taken at all such Toll Gates, Bars or Turnpikes as are nowereded, or which shall hereafter be erected, on the said Bridge, before any Person using the said Bridge as a Footway, or any Horse, Mule, Afs or other Cattle, or Carriage, Waggon, Wain, Cart or other Vessele, shall be permitted to pass through any such Gate, Bar or Turnpike upon the said Bridge, the respective Tolls following; (that is to say, )

For each and every time of passing over the said Bridge,

For every Foot Passenger, a Sum not exceeding One Penny:

For every Coach, Berlin, Landau, Vis-a-vis, Chariot, Chaise, Calash and Pleasure Carriage, and for every Hearse, Litter or other such Carriage, having more than Two Wheels, and drawn by Six Horses, or other Beasts of Draught, a Sum not exceeding One Shilling and Sixpence:

For any of the like Carriages or Vesseles drawn by Three or Four Horses, or other Beasts of Draught, a Sum not exceeding One Shilling:

For any of the like Carriages or Vesseles drawn by Two Horses or other Beasts of Draught, a Sum not exceeding Sixpence:

For any of the like Carriages or Vesseles drawn by One Horse or other Bead of Draught, a Sum not exceeding Four pence:

For every Chaise, Chair, Taxed Cart, Curricle or other such like Carriage on Two Wheels, and drawn by Two Horses or other Beasts of Draught, a Sum not exceeding Sixpence:

For any of the like lad mentioned Carnages or Vesseles drawn by One Horse or other Bead of Draught, a Sum not exceeding Three pence:

For every Horse or other Bead of Draught drawing any Waggon, Wain, Cart, Dray, Truck, Sledge or such like Carriage, laden or unladen, a Sum not exceeding Two pence:

For every Wheelbarrow or Truck, not drawn by any Horse or other Bead of Draught, a Sum not exceeding One Penny Halfpenny j

For every Horse, Mule or Afs, laden or unladen, and not drawing, a Sum not exceeding Two pence:

For every Score of Oxen or Neat Cattle, and so in proportion for any greater or less Number, a Sum not exceeding Eight pence:

For every Score of Calves, Hogs, Sheep or Lambs, and so in proportion for any greater or less Number, a Sum not exceeding Four pence*

X. And Whereas the said Company have built and condruded Two Sets of Stairs or Plying Places at < the Surrey End of the said Bridge, and the same are now used in lieu of the Stairs or Place called Cuper's 1 Stairs, otherwise Cuper's Bridge Stairs: And Whereas that Part of the Street, formerly called Narrow Wall, which lies on the South Side of the Wharf belonging to the said Company, formerly the Property of Jervoise 1 Clarke Jervoi/e, and which formed the Access to the said Stairs or Place called Cuper's Stairs, otherwise

Cuper's Bridge Stairs, has been stopped up, and is vested in the said Company by virtue of the said recited 1 Ad of the Fifty sixth Year of His said present Majesty's Reign, the said Company having made a new Road

in lieu of the said Street called Narrow Wall: And Whereas it is expedient to make some Regulations as to the Behaviour of Watermen plying for Hire near the said Bridge; Be it therefore further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act the said Stairs or Plying Place called Cuper's Stairs, otherwise Cuper's Bridge Stairs, shall be (hut up and discontinued as a Public Plying or Landing Place for Watermen and others navigating upon the River Thames; and that it shall not be lawful for any Waterman or Watermen to ply for Hire, or assemble at the said Stairs or Plying Place, nor to ply for Hire or assemble upon any Part of the Footways or Roads by the said recited Acts of the Forty ninth, Fifty third and Fifty sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, or this Act, authorized to be made, but only at the Stairs or Plying Places built and constructed by the said Company, and in the Recedes within the Footways at the Ends of the said Bridge; and that if any Waterman shall offend herein, or shall obdrud or moled any Person or Persons in his, her or their Passage over the said Bridge or Roads by the said recited Acts of the Forty ninth, Fifty third and Fifty sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, or this Act, authorized to be erected and made, or shall use scurrilous, blasphemous, indecent or abusive Language to any Person or Persons upon any Part of the said Bridge and Roads, it shall be lawful for any Collector or Receiver of the Tolls or any other Person to seize such Offender, and by the Authority of this Act, without any other Warrant, to convey him before any Justice of the Peace for the County m which such Offence shall be committed; and such

Waterman,

58° GEORGII III. C. xxviii. 15

Waterman, upon being thereof lawfully convicted before such Jtfftice of the Peace, either upon his own Confession, or upon the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses (which Oath the said Justice is hereby authorized and empowered to administer), shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Penalty. Shillings*

1 XL And Whereas the said Company have made and constructed certain Parts of the Roads at each End Company may of the Bridge upon Arches; Be it further enacted, That the said Company shall have full Power and Au- lease Arches thority to grant a Lease or Leases of the said Arches, or any of them, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, upon wh, ch the for such Term or Terms of Years, and for such Considerations, in gross Annual Rents or other Compenfa- Roads are raade* tions, and on such Conditions, as to the said Company shall seem meet; and the Amount of such Annual Rents, and the Interest of such Considerations or Compensations in gross (such Considerations or Compensations in gross to be invested in some of the Parliamentary Stocks or Funds, or on Government or Real Securities, at Interest in the Names of the Treasurers), shall be paid, applied and disposed of as the Tolls received upon the said Bridge are by the said recited Acts of the Forty ninth, Fifty third and Fifty sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty directed to be applied and disposed of*

XII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act the Committee of the said Committee of Company shall have full Power and Authority to appoint such Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers Company may of the Rates and Tolls, as to the said Committee shall seem meet; and also from time to time to remove any such Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, and to nominate and appoint another Person or Persons '

in his or their Room or Stead, taking such Security from every such Collector or Receiver, for the due Exe- cution of his Office, as the said Committee shall think proper; and the said Committee shall have the full and entire Controul and Superintendence over the said Collectors and Receivers; any thing in the said recited Acts of the Forty ninth, Fifty third and Fifty sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, or any of

them, to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XIII. And Whereas in pursuance of the said recited Acts of the Forty ninth. Fifty third and Fifty sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, the said Company have set out and made a Road from the said Bridge to the Road leading fronv Blackfriars Road aforesaid to the Marsh Gate, and are about to continue the lame from the said last mentioned Road to near the Obelisk in Saint George's Fields; and the said Company have also set out and made a Road from the End of Stamford Street, Blackfriars Road9 into the said first mentioned Road; and the said Company are now making a Road from the Road so intended to be continued to the Obelisk as aforesaid, into the Westminster Road, partly through and by means of a certain Street called Oakley Street; and the said Company are authorized by the said recited Acts of the Forty ninth. Fifty third and Fifty sixth Years of the Reign of His said present Majesty, or some or one of them, to continue the aforesaid Road from the End of Stamford Street aforesaid into the Westminster Road: And Whereas the said Company are willing and have proposed to the said Trustees of the Surrey New Roads to relinquish to them the Controul, Superintendence and Management, and the repairing, lighting and watching of the said Roads already made or hereafter to be made, when and as the same shall be completed and made fit for the Use of the Public, freed and discharged from all Mortgages, Annuities, Application of Tolls, or other Incumbrances, Securities, Engagements or Appropriations whatever$ and the said Trustees of the Surrey New Roads are willing and have consented to accept such Relinquishment when the said Roads or any of them shall be so completed and made iit for the Use of the Public, and so freed and discharged as aforesaid, and to undertake the Controul, Superin tendance and Management, and the repairing, lighting and watching of the said Roads, or such of them-as shall for the time being be so completed and made fit for the Use of the Public Be it therefore further enacted, That the Road from the said Bridge, commencing at

the North Side of the Archway under the said Road, to the Road leading from Blackfriars Road to the Marsh Gate aforesaid, and the Road from the End of Stamford Street into the said first mentioned Road (being the Roads already set out and made as aforesaid), from and immediately after the passing of this A A, and also the Xru stewof the Continuation of the said first mentioned Road to near the Obelisk aforesaid, and the Road from the same Surrey New passing through Oakley Street aforesaid into the Westminster Road aforesaid (being the Roads which the said Roads; Company are now making or continuing as aforesaid), and also the Continuation of the said Road from the End of Stamford Street into the Westminster Road (which the said Company are authorized by the said recited Acts of the Forty ninth. Fifty third and Fifty sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, or some or one of them, to set out and make), when and as the said several last mentioned Roads, or any of them, shall be completed, and Notice thereof shall be given in Writuig* by the Clerk of the said Company to the Clerk of the said Trustees; and upon the said Roads or any of them being so completed and made fit for the Use of the Public, to the Satisfaction of the Treasurer for the time being of the said Trustees, (such Satisfaction to be certified by Writing under his Hand, which said Certificate the said Treasurer shall, in case of Approval, sign and give within Fourteen Days next after such Notice being received by the Clerk of the said Trustees, )

then, from and immediately after the Delivery of such Certificate.to the Clerk of the said Company, the said

Roads, or such of them as shall be in the said Notice and Certificate mentioned and described, shall, freed and discharged as aforesaid, thenceforth be entirely under the Controul, Superintendence and Management of the said Trustees, and shall be repaired, managed, lighted and watched by them during the Period for which they are now authorized or hereafter may be authorized by the said Acts of the Twenty sixth and Forty seventh Years of His said Majesty's Reign, or any future Act or Acts 5 and the said Trustees shall have such and the fame Powers and Authorities over the whole of the said Roads respectively, and to ereA, place and set up Toll Gates or Bars, with suitable Toll Houses and other Conveniences thereon, or on any Part or Parts thereof, or q c x r

across the fame, or on the Side or Sides thereof (except as herein after provided), and to demand, take, colleA c. 1^r*

3nd receive the fame Toils and Duties as are veiled in or given and granted to the said Trustess in and by the' 47 g. 3

said

Certain Roads in Surrey plaeed under the Direction of the

who may Demand, Sec. Tolls veiled by

616 (J. xxviii.

58° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1818.

And may aft under the Powers of the said Acts.

Trustees of Surrey New Roads not to take greaterTolls nor to take any Tolls nearer to the Bridge than the New Cut.

Lamps, See. veiled in Trustees of the Surrey New Roads.

On Neglect of Repair of Arches under the Road, Clerk of the said Trfillees to give Notice in Writing to Company or Occupier; and on Neglect, Sec. to repair after Notice, Trustees may repair, and recover CaAs, and also jol. as a Fine.

Full Coils of Suit.

said recited Acts of the Twenty sixth and Forty seventh Years of the Reign of His present Majesty in respect of the Roads therein mentioned; and that the said Trustees shall to all Intents and Purposes become the Trustees of the said Roads in the same manner and to the fame Extent as they are the Trustees of the Surrey New Roads under the said Acts of the Twenty sixth and Forty seventh Years of the Reign of His said present Majesty, with full Power and Authority to apply the Tolls which may hereafter be collected on the said Roads hereby relinquished, to the fame Purposes as the Tolls collected under the said Acts of the Twenty sixth and Forty seventh Years of the Reign of His said present Majesty are directed to be applied, and which Tolls are hereby declared to be vested in the said Trustees for the said Purposes; and the several Powers, Authorities, Remedies and Provisions in and by the said recited Acts of the Twenty sixth and Forty seventh Years of the Reign of His present Majesty given and granted, shall apply and be in Force and Effect with regard to the Roads made and constructed, or to be made and constructed by the, said Company, as fully and effectually as if such Roads were particularly mentioned, specified and included in the said recited Acts of the Twenty sixth and Forty seventh Years of the Reign of His said present Majesty 5 and from and after the passing of this Act, as to the Roads already made and completed, and from and after the other Roads here* inbefore mentioned, or any of them, shall have been made and completed fit for the Public, and to the Satisfaction of the said Treasurer of the said Trustees for the time being, certified in manner aforesaid, the said Company, or any Commissioner or other Person or Persons named, authorized and appointed in and by the said recited Acts of the Forty ninth, Fifty third and Fifty sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty's hall not interfere or meddle, by themselves, their Officers, Agents or Servants, with the said Roads, or any of them, or any Part or Parts thereof, except for the Purpose of rebuilding, repairing or amending the Arches formed and made under the said Road leading from the said Bridge to the Obelisk, when and as the same shall become dilapidated or out of Repair.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful tb or for the said Trustees acting under and by virtue of the said recited Acts of the Twenty sixth and Forty seventh Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, to take any greater Toll on the Roads hereby authorized to be relinquished as aforesaid than tht Tolls which now are or shall for the time being be payable at the Toll Gates or Bars erected or hereafter to be erected and set up on the several Roads therein mentioned, nor to erect, set up, build or place any Toll Gate or Bar, or to take any Toll whatever, on the Road made from the End of Stamford Street aforesaid to the Road leading from the said Bridge to near the Obelisk in Saint George's FiHds aforesaid, or on th6 said Road leading from the said Bridge to the Obelisk aforesaid, nearer to the said Bridge than the Road leading from Blackfriars Road aforesaid to the Marsh Gate aforesaid, or within Sixty Feet thereof.

XV. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Lamps, Lamp Posts, Lamp Irons, FurnitureJ Watch Boxes, Posts, Rails, Materials and other things now erected, set up, used or placed on the said Roads hereby authorized to be relinquished as aforesaid, and belonging to the said Company, shall and thd fame are hereby vested in and shall become the sole Property of the said Trustees for executing the said Acts of the Twenty sixth and Forty seventh Years of the Reign of His said present Majesty, from and immediately after they shall have accepted and taken the Care and Management of the Repair, Watching and Lighting of the said Roads, and who are hereby authorized and empowered to alter, take down, remove and dispose of the same as they shall think fit: Provided always, that in case the Walls built and erected by the said Company on each Side of the Road leading from the said Bridge, or any Part thereof, shall be pulled down of removed by the said Trustees, or by any other Person or Persons who shall erect any House or Houses oii the Sides of the said Roads, the Materials of the said Walls, or such Parts thereof so pulled down, shall bd and become the Property of the said Company.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Arch or Arches under the said Road, leading from the said Bridge to the Obelisk aforesaid, shall be broken down or become dilapidated or out. of repair, and the said Company or their Lessee or Lessees, or the Occupier or Occupiers of the said Arch or Arches, shall neglect or omit immediately thereafter to substantially rebuild, reinstate or repair the fame, then the Clerk or Surveyor for the time being of the said Trustees shall give Notice in Writing of such Breaking* down, Dilapidations-or want of Repair, to the said Company or their Clerk, or to the said Lessee or Lessees, Occupier or Occupiers of the said Arch or Arches, immediately to rebuild, repair or amend the fame; and in case the said Company, or their Lessee or Lessees, or the Occupier or Occupiers of the said Arch or Arches, shall neglect or refuse for the Space of Four Days next after Notice of such Breaking-down, Dilapidations or want of Repair as aforesaid, to proceed in such Rebuilding or Repair, then it shall be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or their Surveyor or Surveyors as aforesaid, to cause the said Arch or Arches to be substantially rebuilt or repaired, as the case may be, and the Costs, Charges and Expence* to be incurred thereby, together with the further Sum of Ten Pounds by way of Fine or Penalty, shall be paid by the said Company, or their Treasurer or Clerk, to the Treasurer or Treasurers of the said Trustees; and in case the said Company or their Treasurer or Clerk shall not pay such Sum or Sums as shall be so laid out or incurred in such Rebuilding or Repair, as the case may be, together with the said Sum of Ten Pounds, within Ten Days next after Notice thereof shall be left at the Office of the said Company, or at the Dwelling House or last* Place of Abode of their Treasurer or Clerk, (which Notice shall be in Writing signed by the said Treasurer or Clerk to the said Trustees, and annexed to or written under a Bill containing an Account of such Charges and Elpences, ) it shall be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, in the Name of their Treasurer or Clerk, and they and he are hereby respectively authorized and empowered, to bring or cause to be brought any Action or Actions against the said Company for the Recovery of, and therein to recover, such Sum or Sums of Money as shall or may be so laid out and expended or incurred, together with the said Sum of Ten Pounds by way of Fine or Perialty, and full Costs of

Suit

A.D. 1818. 58° GEORGII III. xxviii. 617

Suit 5 in which Action or Actions, no Essoign, Prote6Uon or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance,

shall be allowed.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Company shall at all times at their own Company may Coils and Charges well and substantially support and uphold, repair, amend, preserve and keep the Arches break «P Roads under the said Road from the Bridge to the Obelisk aforesaid, in thorough, found and complete Repair, fit to ^pa., r ^rchei and proper for the Safety and due Maintenance of the said Road, and to the Satisfaction and Approbation of on 01106*

the Treasurer for the time being of the Trustees for putting into Execution the said recited Acts of the Twenty sixth and Forty seventh Years of the Reign of His uid present Majesty; and that it shall be lawful to and for the said Company or their Committee, and their Agents, Servants and Workmen, from time to time, and at all times when Occasion shall require, to come upon any Part of the said Road hereinbefore described, and so placed under the Controul, Superintendence and Management of the said Trustees as aforesaid, after Six Hours* previous Notice, signed by their Clerk, and given to the Clerk of the said Trustees, of their Intention to break up the said Road or any Part thereof, for the Purpose of rebuilding, repairing, putting or keeping in Repair all or any of the said Arches (they the said Company at their own Costs and Chargesod to fence> fencing such Part or Parts of the Road as shall be so broken up, and during the Rebuilding or Repair of the Rottd so said Arches, and reinstating the said Road, proteding and preferring the Public from Damage or Accident, aftewarS'make by placing proper Lights and Persons to guard the lame, and restoring the said Road, after such Arch or good the ftme. Arches shall be rebuilt, repaired or amended, to the same State as before such Road was broken up, or such'

Arch or Arches became dilapidated or out of Repair) 5 and in the breaking up of the said Road, rebuilding or repairing the said Arches, ana restoring the said Road, all possible Diligence shall be used by the said Company, their Agents and Servants.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That any Person or Persons who shall pass through Toll paid it any Toll Gate or Turnpike to be erected on the Roads hereby authorized to be relinquished, and producing a Gate* on Roads Note or Ticket of the Payment of such-Toll (which Note or Ticket the Toll Collector is hereby required to deliver gratis), shall be permitted'to pass Toll-free on the same Day through all and every Gates or Bars Surrey New erected or to De erected on the said Roads included in the said recited Acts of the Twenty sixth and Forty Roads, seventh Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, or either of them.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all and every Persons and Person having paid the Toll paid at

Toil for passing through any Toll Gate or Turnpike erected or to be erected on the Roads included in the Galcs of Surrey said recited Acts of the Twenty sixth and Forty seventh Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, or cither.^wGate* on of them, and producing a Note or Ticket of the Payment of such Toll (which Note or Ticket the Toll Ro«U rdin-00 Collector is hereby required to deliver gratis1, shall be permitted to pass Toll-free on the same Day through quished. all and every Gates or Bars to be erected on the said Roads hereby authorized to be relinquished.

XX. And be it further enacted, That upon Payment of the Tolls upon the Roads hereby authorized to be Tickets to be relinquished to the said Trustees, or upon Payment of such Tolls upon the Roads already under their Manage- provided, dement as shall free the Tolls upon the Roads so hereby authorized to be relinquished, the Collector or Receiver

thereof shall and he is hereby required to deliver gratis to the Person paying such Toll, a Note or Ticket de- reifying the noting such Payment, and which Note or Ticket shall be provided by the said Trustees, or their Lessee or Gates freed by LefTee8, and there shall be printed and specified thereon the Names of the several and respective Gates freed by such Payment, such Payment; and if any such Collector or Receiver shall refuse or neglect to give a Ticket denoting^the Collector repayment of the Tolls, and naming and specifying the Toll Gate or Toll Gates freed by such Payment, or, Ming to give upon the legal Toll paid or tendered, shall unnecessarily detain, or wilfully obstruct, hinder or prevent Vjr*offendbi any Passenger or Passengers from passing through any Turnpike or Toll Gate, or shall make use of any feurri- 60

Ions or abusive Language to any Passenger or Passengers, then and in every such case every such Toll Collector shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds for every such Offence, as the Justice or Penalty.

Justice8 before whom the Information shall be laid (half adjudge 5 and such Penalty shall be recovered, paid and applied as other Penalties are by the said recited Acts of the Twenty sixth and Forty seventh Years of the Reign of His present Majesty directed to be recovered, paid and applied.

XXI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act, or in the said recited Acts made Buildings not to in the Forty ninth, Fifty third and Fifty sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty contained, 1, ?55e*?d p shall extend, or be construed to extend, so as to prohibit or prevent the Esedion of any Building or Buildings R^j^66* by the Side or Sides of the Roads by the said recited Acts authorized to be made, or any Part thereof, To

that such Building or Buildings be at the Distance of Five Feet or upwards from the Side or Sides of the fame Roads respectively; or to prevent the Construction of any Vaults or Areas below the Level of the said

Roads on the Side or Sides thereof; and that it shall be lawful for the Trustees of the said Roads to authorize Trustees may

and empower any Person or Persons who shall ered any House or Houses on the Side or Sides of the authorixe Con-

said Roads, or any Part thereof, to construd any Arch or Arches under the said Roads in front of such House °jer

or Houses for the Purpose of making any Cellar or Cellars, or otherwise, save and except under such Parts of 0, 1*

the said Roads where Arches have been already constructed By the said Company.

XXII. And Whereas the said Company were directed in and by the said recited Act of the Forty ninth Company not

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty to convene the Commissioners named and appointed in and by convening Comthe said recited Acts of the Forty ninth, Fifty third and Fifty sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, within Three Months after the said Bridge Should be completed and opened for the Receipt of ktemnked*1*

Tolls, for the Passage of Horses or Carriages overhand across the fame: And Whereas the said Bridge was ' opened for the^Passage of Carriages and Horses on the Eighteenth Day of June, in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, but the Amount of Tolls received thereon has not yet been sufficient to

enable the Sid Company to make any Dividend thereof among the Proprietors of Shares in the Capital Stock

J8 Geo. III. 4 K*« of

618

Proviso for convening within Six Months.

Proviso for Commissioners of Sewers.

The said former Atts extended to this Act.

Expences of Act how defrayed.

[Public Act.]

C. xxviii. .58° GEORGII III. A.D. 1818.

' of the said Company, in consequence whereof the said Company have hitherto omitted to convene the said*Commissioners* Be it therefore further enacted, That the said Company shall be and they are hereby fully indemnified and saved harmless of and from all Proceedings which might or could have been comipenced or prosecuted against them, either at Law or in Equity, and all Consequences which might have resulted from such Proceedings for or in respect of the said Company not having convened the said Commissionerf, as in and by the said recited Act of the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty is directed: Provided always, that the said Company shall and they are hereby required, within Six Calendar Months pft$r the passing of this A A, to convene the said Commissioners in manner directed by the said recited Act of the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the Purposes therein mentioned and authorized.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extenji to authorize or empower the said Company of Proprietors to stop up, alter, vary or intermeddle with any Sewer or Drain, without the Leave and Consent of the Commissioners of Sewers for the Limits extending from East Mouldfey, in the said County of Surreyt to Ravtnjbornt in the County of Kent* for that Purpose first had and obtained.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said recited Acts of the Forty ninth. Fifty third and Fifty sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, and all and every the Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Regulations, Privileges, Penalties, Forfeitures, matters and things whatsoever therein contained, so far as the same are not hereby altered or repealed, shall extend and be construed to extend to operate and be in full Force and Effect with respect to the Premises mentioned and contained in the Schedule to this Act, and as to all matters and things to be done or which may arise in the Execution of this Act, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the fame and every of them, and every Part thereof, were repeated and re-enacted in this Act, and were made Part thereof; and that all such Powers, Authorities, Provisions and Regulations, which relate to the Purchase of or the Damages to any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or the Compensations agreed or awarded for the fame, and the Application of such Compensations, shall extend and be construed to extend to operate and be in full Force with respect, to the Enfranchisement of any. Copy-hold or Customary Lands or Hereditaments, and the Satisfaction to be made in respect thereof, under the said recited Acts of the Forty ninth. Fifty third and Fifty sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, and this Act, or any or either of them 5 and the said Three lait recited Acts of the Forty ninth, Fifty third and Fifty sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty and this Act, shall, as to all piatters and things whatsoever (except as aforesaid) be construed as One Ad.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the.Expences of obtaining and passing this Act shall be paid by the said Company out of the first Monies arising or to arise by virtue of the said recited Acts of the Forty ninth, Fifty third and Fifty sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, or of this Act of any of them, or out of the Monies now in the Hands of the said Company.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

The SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

Parish and No. and Letter on Description of Property. OWNERS. OCCUPIERS.

County. Plan. Freeholders. Leaseholders.

CJ I Shop, Dwelling House and Yard James Quallett - I [ James Hedger: Stephen Bridge, Sub-lessee 1 Joseph Fox

£ 1 2 Ditto Ditto - Ditto Ditto Mary Brown

CO 3 Ditto Ditto.Ditto Ditto Hannah Prout

*o 4 Ditto Ditto DittoDitto*Benjamin Bolton

4mt a 5 Ditto Ditto - j 1 f Ditto Joseph Ford,] 1 Sub-lessee J 1 i Ebenezer Coxon

53 0 0 6 Ditto Ditto - j Ditto Hark -1 ness, Sub-lessee r Robert Jones

CJ 7 Wafti-house, See. Paper-hanging Ware-") house and Dancing > Ditto.Ditto Ditto Ditto

5 c. 8 Ditto Ditto Ditto f Thomas Faring Stam- ford

£? 0 A Academy - -J

0 T K Passage to Billiard} Ditto 1 [ Ditto James Jones, j

0 Rooms, &c. -J> Dwelling House, Yard and Garden in front 1 Sub-lessee J \

c c3 CO B Temple West - Ditto Ditto William Smith

Cm O X C Garden in front off House - -) Ditto - Ditto Ditto - Charles Colvill

*c D Ditto Ditto*Ditto Ditto Late Collinfon

(8 E Ditto Ditto - w Ditto Ditto - James Purcel

9 Dwelling House Tames Quallett - ( Ditto Harkness, ^Suh-leflbe J John Pemberton 1' -'

A.D. 1818.

58° GEORGII III.

C. xxviii. 619

PariAi

and

County.

No. and Letter on Plan.

tO

S'

a

SJ

O

U

bo

u

o

Cl

o

*3

CO

Cm

O

tS

c

10

11 12.3

H

15

16

*7

18

F

G

*9

20

21

22

*3

24

*5

'26

27

28

29 3° 31

33

34

35

36

37

38

39

40

41

42

43

44

46

47

48

49

50

51

52

Description of Property.

Small Dwelling House

Ditto Timber Tenement Small Dwelling House)and Shed - - J

Small Dwelling House Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto

012216^8 Shop

Small Dwelling Hpufe Garden

Dwelling House

Yard Stables and Shed

Small House

Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto

Dwelling House

Covered Passage to 1 Garden Court -/

Blacksmith's Shop

Way in Front of Houses Small House Back Yards of Houses).in Beale's Place -/

Workshop

Ditto

Dwelling House

Ditto Ditto Dwelling House Ditto

Vacant Ground and] Cow Shed Way to Chapel andl Chapel Place

Dwelling House

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto Ditto

O WNERS.

Freeholders. Leaseholders.

James Quallett - /Ditto Joseph Ford, ) 1 Sub-lessee 1

Ditto Ditto Ditto

Ditto. Ditto Martha Davis

Ditto Ditto Ditto

Ditto. Ditto Ditto

Ditto Ditto Ditto

Ditto Ditto Ditto

Ditto Ditto Ditto

Ditto Ditto Ditto

Ditto Ditto Ditto

Ditto Ditto Ditto

Ditto / Ditto John Drink-)

1 water, Sub-lessee I

Ditto ' - Ditto Ditto

Ditto Ditto Ditto

Ditto / Ditto Wheatley, )

I Sub-lessee j

Ditto Ditto Ditto

Ditto Ditto Ditto

Ditto.- /Ditto Isaac Hefter, )

t Sub-lessee J

Ditto Ditto Ditto

Ditto Ditto Ditto

Ditto Ditto Ditto

Ditto Ditto Ditto

Ditto Ditto Ditto

Ditto - Ditto Ditto

Ditto Ditto Ditto

Ditto Ditto Ditto f Ditto Isaac Hefter, ) Sub-lessee J

Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto -

Ditto Ditto Beale, )Sub-lessee J

Ditto - Ditto Ditto

Ditto - Ditto Ditto

Ditto - Ditto Ditto

Ditto.Ditto Ditto

Ditto - Ditto Ditto

Ditto - Ditto Ditto

Ditto Ditto Ditto

f Executors of John')Executors of John 1

\ Branfcomb s Branfcomb -/

Ditto Elizabeth Cox -

Ditto /Executors of John)

" 1 Branfcomb - J

Ditto - William Tozer

Ditto Ditto -

4k

OCCUPIERS.

Benjamin Bolton

John Stapleton Henry Stone

Ditto

Samuel Burtle Lydia Martyn Elizabeth Wany William Marshall George M<Lacklan Hodges Empty

John Drinkwater

Ditto

Ditto

Wheatley

Ditto

Ditto

Thomas Kennedy

Michael Bryant Empty '

William Simtaons Thomas Watson Sarah Westley William Grummott f Several Persons as \ weekly Loggers

John Barthorpe John Yates

Joseph Wilson

Henry Waymark f Several Persons as 1 weekly Lodgers v Ditto*Mary Jordan Jonathan Brown Mary Gordon

William Vaughan

Hannah Brooke

Elizabeth Cox

Andrew Nichollj

Empty

Ditto

Parish of Saint George in the County of Surrey.

Parish and

County.

No. and Description of Property. OWNERS. OCCUPIERS.

Letter on Fr?ehold«rs.

Plan. Leaseholders.

53 Dwelling House f Executors of John ] 1 Branfcomb - 1 \ William Tozer - Empty

54 Chapel Ditto.-; Ditto William Tozer

55 Dwelling House - James Hedger ( J. W. Faulkner, 1 Wm. Tozer, Sub-lefiee j Ditto

56 Worklhops, &c. Ditto -. Ditto Ditto

' 57 School, &c. - Ditto ( Trustee6 of Southwark 1 Sunday School -j Trustees of Southwark Sunday School j

58 Dwelling House.Ditto Thomas Marfden Lakeday

59 Ditto.Ditto.Ditto William Miers

60 Formerly vacant

Ground, now Part I Executors of John 1 1 Ditto

covered with small Houses Branfcomb f

61 Small House Ditto Till William Seldon

62 Ditto _ Ditto Ditto William Pritchard

63 Ditto , Ditto Ditto Richard Grofe

64 Ditto.Ditto Ditto Empty

65 Ditto Ditto Ditto John Beach

65* Gardens in front of) House* - -J Ditto Ditto

66 Small House.James Hedger Ditto Rebecca Humphries

67 Ditto.Ditto -. Ditto - John Harrington

68 Ditto Ditto Ditto - , - George Cayton

69 Ditto Ditto Ditto - John Ealing

?o Ditto.- _ Ditto _ - Ditto William Welsh

71 Ditto.Ditto.- Ditto Richard Humphries

72 Work (hop Ditto John Willi* Faulkner - James Ledger

73 Small House Ditto James Davis.- Thomas Harrison

74.Ditto _ Ditto Ditto James Walker

75 Ditto Ditto Ditto Christopher Dowling

76 Ditto.Ditto Ditto William Underhaye

77 House and Garden Ditto John Willi* Faulkner - John Pitts

78 Ditto.Ditto Ditto Thomas Bryant

79 Ditto - Ditto Ditto John Edwards

80 Ditto.Ditto Ditto James Ledger

81 Do* Grocer's Shop and Garden Ditto Ditto John Banfield

82 Small House.Ditto William Johnson - William Cufher

83 Way to Providence Place

84 Small House. Ditto Ditto William Evans

85 Road, Webber Row

86 Road, Ann's Place

87 George Public House! and Garden - j I James Quallett - - Messrs. Elliott and Co. John May

88 Dwelling Ho, use, for- j merly Public House ] 1 Ditto - - Ditto Thomas Stowell

89 Dwelling House and] Garden - - \ i Ditto - f James Hedger, Col.l -J Baker, John Wil- > L lis Faulkner - j Sarah Preston

90*?* Ditto Ditto.Ditto John Hardcastle

Ditto Garden* or vacant" 1 Ditto - Ditto John Sheer

H

Ground, between Ba- 1 ron's Buildings and 1 Webber Row City of London i

92 Formerly vacant Ground, ) 1

now partly covered > Meffr*. Elliott and Co.

with Tenement* - r i 1

A.D. 1818.

58° GEORGII III. C. xxviii — xxxi. 621

Parish and

County.

3

CO

Cm

C

o

O

bo

c

3

CO

<5

c

Pu

2*£

S.s

3

co £ —

01

06^<£ 3 §

*c»?

0-i

o

U

No. and Letter on Plan.

93

94-

96

I

K

L

97

98

99

100

101

102

103

104

105 M N O P

Q

106

107

Desc ripe ion of Property.

and

Dwelling House and 7 Garden - - 3

Ditto -

Ditto

Ditto -

Ditto Ditto

Ditto and Workshop - ,

Ditto Dwelling House 7 and Garden - )

Road, Baron's Buildings Dwelling House and 7 Garden - j

Ditto -

Coal Shed, &c.

Dwelling House Garden Ditto Ditto and Workshop House and Garden Ditto Ditto

Ditto Ditto

Ditto Ditto

Ditto Ditto

Ditto Ditto

Garden.

Common Sewer f Formerly Garden Ground, afterwards taken as Building^Ground, on Part V of .which certain Buildings have I been erected - J

Garden Ground

OWNERS. OCCUPIERS.

Freeholdfrs. Leaseholders.

Trustees of Jasper Baron Trustees of Jasper Baroa James Brown

Ditto Ditto Ditto -.- Ditto Ditto Ditto - - Ditto. Ditto Ditto f Ditto Honeyman, 7 \ Sub Lessee - J Matthew Lifter Brown Ashton Thomas Shelton Sarah Brown

Ditto Ditto Dieto Isaac Cameron

Temple West George Furze - Abraham Hill

Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Charles Rufby William Ratham

Ditto James Bowerman John Summers

Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Commissioners of Sewers Ditto Ditto Ditto William Cross DittoJeffard Ditto NarcifTu6 Marsh John Stanton Joseph Hipwell Edward Edwards Ann Bell William Cross Henry Turney William Hagley John Lanfier Narcissus Marsh John Palfer

Dr. Croker, Copyholder Thomas Walls - Thomas Walls

f Trustees of the late 1 < Mr.Gibson, Copy-> t holder - -)- Charles Hitchinbottom.

Cafi, xxix.

An Act for continuing and amending an Act of His present Majesty, for maintaining a Road from Wear- 3^ G 3. c. 136. mouth Bridge to Tyne Bridge, with a Branch to South Shields, all in the County of Durham. (a)

[8th May 1818.]

[New Trustees.3 Cap. xxx.

An Act for repairing the Roads into and from the Town of Tewkesbury in the County of Gloucester. (0)

[8th May 1818.]

[ One Half Toll additional on Sundays, ']

Cap

XXXI.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Three Acts, for repairing the Roads from Lohcombe Corner, in the Parish of Winterflow, to ffarnham Bridge in the County of Wilts, and from the West Corner of Saint Anne's Street in the City of New Sarum to Landford, and other Roads in the County "of - Southampton. (r) [8th Jf*arjM8l8.]

[.Additional Trustees. Former Tolls made to ceafeNew Tolls granted*Cap.

19 O. a. c. 51.

4 G. 3. C. 79-34 G .3. c. 135* repealed as co the First District of Road, § l.

26 G. 2. c. 66. repealed as to publicly whipping Offenders,

S3-

I a G. 3. c. 74-in part repealed,<

38 G. 3. c. 38.

C. xxxii — xli.

58° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1818.

17 G. 3. c.to6. 33 G. 3. c. 144.

J O.4.C. 9.

17 G. fec.xs. 30 G. t. c. 40.3 G.3. c-97* 37 G. 3. c. IJ3.

36 G. i. c. 59. 4 G. 3. c. ji. 39 G. s c. 14. repealed*

37 G. 3. c. 148. continued.

37 G.3..177. continued for ai Yean, Sec.

Cap. xxxii.

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Rugby, in the County of Warwick, to the Borough of Warwick, in the same County. (0) [8 th May 1818.]

[One Half additional Toll on Sundays.]

Cap. xxxiii.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty for repairing the Road from Halifax to Sheffield in the West Riding of the County of York, so far as relates to the First District of the said Road from Halifax to Huddersfield, (r) [8th May 1818.]

[Additional Trustees. Royal Family exempt from Toll.]

Cap. xxxiv.

An Act for repairing the Road from Bridge Town in the Parish of Old Stratford in the County of Warwick, to the Top of Long Compton Hill in the same County, and another Road therein mentioned, in the Counties of Warwick, Worcester and Gloucester.

[8th May 1818.]

epealed, as to Road leading from Shipston Toll Gate to the Top of Long Compton Hill, §1.

t*

Cap. xxxv.

An Act for making and maintaining a Road from the Town of Sheffield in the County of York* to join the Marple Bridge Road in the Parish of Glossop, in the County of Derby, with a Branch to Mortimer's Road in the Parish of Hath erf age, in the said County of Derby, (a)'[8 th May 1818.]

Cap. xxxvi.

An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from the West End of the Town of Burton upon Trent in the County of Stafford, through the said Town, to the South End of the Town of Derby in the County of Derby, (*) [8th May 1818.]

[One Half additional Toll on Sundays.']

Cap. xxxvii.

An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from the South End of Angel Lane, in Brampton Bier ley, to a certain Public Highway in Mexbrough; and also from Clegg's Cottage, in Rawmarsh, to the North End of Kilnhurfi Bridge; and from the South End of the said Bridge to the West End of the Village of Hooton Roberts, in the West Riding of the County of York, (b) [8th May 1818.]

[One Half additional Toll on Sundays,]

Cap. xxxviii.

An Act for diverting such Part of the public. Carriage Road leading from Little Smeaton to Darrington, in the County of York, as is within the Township of Stapleton; and for (hutting up and discontinuing a certain Footpath in the said Township., [8th May 1818.]

Cap. xxxix.

An Act for continuing and amending an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the North End of Farnburfi Lane, to the City of Chichester, and from Chichester aforesaid to Delkey, in the County of Sussex. (a) [8th May 1818.]

[Additional Trustees. Former Tolls to cease on Order by Trustees. New Tolls granted.]

Cap. xl.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads between the Horjc Shoe House in Stoke Goldington, in the County of Buckingham, and the Town of Northampton, and from the North Bridge of Newport Pagnel, in the said County of Buckingham, to the said Horse Shoe House. (r) [8th May 1818.]

[Additional Trustees.]

Cap. xli.

An Act for making and maintaining a Road from Lockwood to Meltham, and a Branch of Road to Meltham Mills, all in the Parish of Almondbury, in the West Riding of the County of York, (b)

[8th May 1818.]

[The Royal Family exempt from Tolls.]

Cap.

Cap. xlii*

An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road between Warrington and Lower Irlamy in the repealed m to.County Palatine of Lancaster. (a) [8th May 1818.] Division of Road

leading from

Warrington to Division of Road between Cadifbead and Lower Irlam, § j«

Cap. xliii.

An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road leading from Studley Bridge9 through the 13 G. 1. c. 13. Borough of Chippenham9 to Pickwicky and from the East End of Chippenham Bridge to Lower Stantony 17 G. % . c. 47. and from the East End of the said Bridge to join the Road at Dray cot Cerney in the County of Wilts. (h) 3*G*- c*3«

Cap. xliv.

An Act for continuing and amending Two Acts of His present Majesty for repairing several Roads leading from the Town of Poole; and also for repairing other Roads in and near the said Town, and from Cran-home to Coombef with Two Branches to the Great Western Road, in the Counties of Dorset and Wilts.

[8th May 181

[New Trusteef. One Half additional Toll on Sunday: .]

17 G. 3. C. 104. part repealed.

in pai §6.

39 G. 3. c. 65. continued.

Cap. xlv.

An Act for continuing and amending an Act of His late Majesty, and Two Acts of His present Majesty, 49 G.a. c. 49. for, repairing several Roads leading to and from the Town of Wincanton, and the Roads communicating 17 G. 3. c. 93. therewith, in the Counties of Somerset, Wilts and Dorset. (a) [8th May 1818.] 5°

[One Half additional Toll on Sundays.]

Cap. xlyi.

An Act for amending Two Acts of His present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the Establishment of 4* G. 3.0.108.' Chapels in the Easty West and Wildmore Fens in the County of Lincoln.

[8th May 1818.] 5oG*3* c>x*9*

Cap. xlvii.

An Act to amend Two Acts, passed in the Fifty second and Fifty fourth Years of His present Majesty, for 5»G* 3-c-x3^ inclosing the Forest of Delamerey in the County of Chester.

[8th May i8fi8.]

[His Majesty empowered to fell Harewood Hill and Lobs Slack Allotments, §6*} Purchase

Money, §2.

Cap. xlviii. 54 G* 3* c. 99.

An Act for increasing the Fund for carrying into Execution several Acts of His present Majesty, for im- 35 G. 3. c. 77. proving the Drainage of the Middle and South Levelsy Part of the Great Level of the Fens called 36 G. 3. c. 33. Bedford Levely and other Lands therein mentioned, and for improving the Navigation of the River Oufey c'

in the County of Norfolk, and of the several Rivers communicating therewith.

[8th May 1818.] 5* c'3

Cap. xlix.

An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act of the Thirty sixth Year of His present Majesty, 36 G. 3.C. 70. for dividing, allotting, inclosing, draining and preferring certain Commons and Waste Grounds within "P*1*0 the Manor and Parish of Ramsey, in the County of Huntingdon, and for repealing a certain AA therein ur

mentioned.

[8th May 1818.]

Cap. 1.

An Act for draining and improving Lands in the Parishes of Bray, White Waltham> Shottejbrooky Lawrence Waltham, Binfteldy Rufcomby Wargravey Remen ham and Hurlejy in the County of Berkty and the Liberties of Wf 'tftley and Broad Hintony in the Parish of Hurfty in the Counties of Berks and Wilts*

[8th May r8i8J

Cap. li.

An Act for building a new Gaol and House of Correction for the City and County of the City of Exeter.

[8th May 1818.]

Cap. lii.

An Act to alter and amend an Act for ereAing and maintaining a Bridewell, Gaol, Court House and Public 55 G- 3-c* 56-Offices for the Burgh of Paisley, and County of Renfrew.

[8th May j8i8.]

Cap. liii.

An Act for enlarging the Parish Church and Church Yard of Southminster in the County of Essex.

[8th May 1818.]

Cap.

624 C.liv — lxii.

58° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1818.

2 G. 3. c. 31.

41 G.3. c cxxxv. in part repealed, §4.

43 G. 3. c.cxviii. 49 G. 3. c.cxx. 53 G. 3. c.cci.

Cap. liv.

An Act for cleansing, lighting, watching and otherwise improving the Town of Sheffield in the County of York.

[8th May 1818.]

Cap. lv.

An Act for lighting with Gas the City of Bath, and the Liberties and Precincts thereof, and that Part of the Parish of Wabcot which lies without the Liberties of Bath, and the Parish of Bathwick, in the County of Somerset, and for constructing Gafometers and other Works therein, and in the, Parish of Weston, in the said County.

[8th*May 2818.3

Cap. lvi.

An Act for lighting with Gas the Town and Neighbourhood of Leeds, in the Borough of Leeds, in the West Riding of toe County of York.

[8th May 1818.]

Cap. lvii.

An Act for lighting with Gas the Town and County of the Town of Nottingham.

[8th May 1818.]

Cap. lviii.

An Act for providing an additional Burial Ground for the Parish of Saint Giles, Reading, in the County of Berks, and a Room for the Use of the Minister in performing the Burial Service 5 and for flopping up One of the Footpaths over the present Church Yard of the said Parish.

[8th May 1818.]

Cap. lix.

An Act for better paving, cleansing, lighting, watching and improving the Streets, Lanes and other Public Places and Passages of the City of Aberdeen, and the Roads and Avenues within the Freedom and Royalty thereof 5 and for supplying the Inhabitants of the said City with Water.

[23d May 1818.]

Cap. lx.

An Act for rendering more effectual several Acts of His present Majesty, for draining certain Low Lands on both Sides of the River Wit ham, and in Wildmore Fen, and in tue West and East Fens, and other Low Lands adjoining or contiguous thereto, in the County of Lincoln.

[23d May 1818.]

400.3. c. xlvii.

44 G. 3.

44 G. 3. c. too.

45 G. 3. c.lviii.

Cap. lxi.

An Act for erecting and maintaining a Harbour, and Works connected therewith, in the Bay of Portnejfock, at Kirkmaiden within the Barony of Logan, in the County of Wigton.

[23d May 1818.]

Cap. lxii.

An Act to amend the several Acts passed for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts and other Works, for the, greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce and Revenue, within the Port of London.

[23d May 1818.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fortieth Year, of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and

Security of Shipping, Commerce and Revenue, within the Port of London: And Whereas another Act was

passed in the Forty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for raffing a further,

Sum of Money for carrying into Execution an Act passed in the Fortieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security

of Shipping, Commerce and Revenue, within the Port of London: And Whereas another Act was parted «.in the Forty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for warehousing Goods

within the Limits of certain Docks made under an Act passed in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts and other Works, for the greater < Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce and Revenue, within the Port of London, ' and to make

Regulations relating to the said Docks: And Whereas another Act was passed in the Forty fifth Year of

46 G. 3. c. lix.

47 G. 3. c. v.

the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to alter and amend an Act passed in the Fortieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of $ hipping, Commerce and Revenue, within the Port of London, and for extending the Powers and Rrovisions of the said Act: And Whereas another Act was passed in the Forty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to alter and amend several Acts passed in the Fortieth, Forty fourth and Forty fifth Years of His present Majesty, for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce and Revenue, within the Port of London, and for other the Purposes in the said Acts mentioned; and for enlarging the SelT. a.«Powtrs thereby granted to the London Dock Company: And Whereas another Act was passed in the horty

seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to enable the London Dock Company to purchase certain Watermarks in the Parishes of Stratford, Westbam, Bow, Bromley, Mile End and Stepney, 1 and other Parishes adjacent, and to amend the several Acts for making Wet Docks and other Works, for the

Accommodation of Shipping, Commerce and Revenue, within the Port of London: Aud Whereas another

*Act

fio

A.D. 1818. 58° GEORGII III. C. lxii. 625

Act was passed in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to alter and 49 G. 3. C.CW1.

amend federal Acts passed in the Fortieth, Forty fourth, Forty fifth) Forty sixth and Forty seventh Years of His Present Majesty, for making IVet Docks, Basons % Cuts and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce and Revenue, within the Port of London, and for other the Purposes therein mentioned relating thereto; and to enlarge the Powers and Authorities by the said Acts granted to the London

Dock Company: And Whereas another Act was paired in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His present 50 G. 3. c.di.

Majesty, intituled An Act for raising a further Sum of Money for carrying into Execution the several Acts

passed for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce and Revenue, within the Port of London: And Whereas another Act was passed in

the Fifty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for regulating the Rates and 51 G. 3. c.ilix.

Charges to be received by the London Dock Company upon Wines and Spirits landed and warehoused in the

London Docks: And Whereas another Act was passed in the Fifty second Year of the Reign of His 310.3.coiv.

present Majesty, intituled An Act for allowing further time for the Completion of the Docks, Entrances and other Works and Buildings belonging to the London Dock Company: And Whereas another Act was passed in the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for enlarging and 34O.3. c.xl.

amending the Powers and Provisions of the several Acts for making the London Docks: And Whereas

another Act was passed in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to 55G. 3. C.UL

amend the several Acts passed for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce and the Revenue, within the Port of London, and for raising a further Sum of Money for the Completion of the said Works: And Whereas the time within which the said Company was empowered to make and enforce Purchases of Houses, Lands, Tenements or Fremises, for the Purposes of the said Acts, expired in the Year One thousand eight hundred and seven, and the time limited for the Completion of the Docks, Entrances and other Works and Buildings of the said London Dock Company, under and by virtue of the said Act passed in the Fifty fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, will expire on the Twentieth Day of June in the Year of our Lord One thou-

land eight hundred and twenty: And Whereas it is found that the Entrance to the said Docks at the

Hermitage, and the Works belonging thereto, cannot be completed unless the Powers in the said first recited Act contained for making Purchases, which have expired as aforesaid, be revived and continued* ifr manner and to the Extent herein after mentioned: And Whereas it is also necessary that the said recited Acts, or some of them, or the Provisions thereof, should be amended, and that further and additional Powers should be granted to the said Company for the Completion of the said Docks and the Entrances thereto, and for rendering the Establishment of the said Docks more effectual for the Purposes recited in the said Acts, and that further time should be given for completing the said Docks May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted 5 and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Period limited by the said last recited Act Period for Com-of the Fifty fourth Year aforesaid, for the Completion of the said Docks, Basons, Entrances, Cuts, Quays pletionMrf Docks and Wharfs, and other Works and Buildings authorized to be made, erected and built by the said London exleIM, cd

Dock Company, under the said several Acts, shall be and the fame is hereby extended to the Twentieth Day

of June in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and twenty three.

II. And be it further enacted, That all the Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Former Powers Clauses, matters and things in relation to the making, building and completing all or any of the Docks,° com, nue " Basons, Entrances, Cuts, Quays, Wharfs and other Works and Buildings aforesaid authorized to be made orcc* tinder the provision of the said recited Acts, or any or either of them now in force, relating to the Completion of the said Docks of the said London Dock Company, shall be and remain and continue in full Force and EfFeft for the Purposes of the said several recited Acts and this Act, for the Completion of the Docks,

Basons, Entrances, Cuts, Wharfs and other Works and Buildings of the said London Dock Company, during stich further and extended Period as last aforesaid, as fully in all respects, and to all Intents and Purposes, as if such further and extended Period had been given by the £rid recited Act of the Fifty fourth Year aforesaid, and as if all such Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, matters and things had been severally and specially and particularly re-enacted in and Part of this Act.

III. And Whereas it is found that the several Pieces or Parcels of Land or Ground, Messuages, Tene- The Company menu or Dwelling Houses, and other Erections and Buildings, or the Ground and Soil whereon the fame empowered to

Hand, and other the Hereditaments and Premises herein after particularly mentioned and described, which lie contiguous to the said Docks and Works, and are partly within and partly without and beyond the Limits in the said first fccited Act mentioned, are necessary for the Purpose of completing and finishing the said Entrance at the Hermitage Dock, and for the forming and making of such Brick or Stone Wall as by the said first recited Act is required and directed to be made and built, for surrounding and inclosing the

Bason and other Works at such Entrance, so far as the same shall or may be used for the unloading of Ships, and in order that such Wall may not be built within less than Thirty Feet of any surrounding Buildings* Be it therefore further enacted, That at any time or times within the Term of Five Years from the time of the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful for the Directors and Managers of the Concerns of the said Company, or any Thirteen or more of them, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to contract and agree, and to employ any Person or Persons to contract and agree with the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers of, and to purchase from them for the Purposes of the said recited Acts and of this Act, the several Pieces or Parcels of Land or Ground, with the Messuages or Dwelling Houses^ Workshop, Yards and other Hereditaments herein after described and more particularly mentioned $ that is to say, a certain

58 Geo. III. 4 L angular

6p6 C.lxii.

58° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1818.

Comptny to purchase whole of Premises if required.

Powers of

40 G. 3. c. xlrii. extended to this Act.

angular Piece of Land or Ground on the Western Side, and being Part of the Yard belonging to the Cooperage of Mefiieurs Hovil and Tumor on the Northern Side of Hermitage Street, and containing on the South Eastern Side thereof Fifty two Feet of Assize, little more or less, and being in the Parish of Saint John IVafping; also a certain other angular Piece of Ground, together with Part of a Shed thereon, also constituting and forming Part of the said Yard, and containing on the South Eastern Side thereof Sixty two Feet of Assize, little more or less, and likewise situate on the Western Side of the fame Yard; and also a certain Piece of Land or Ground now vacant and unoccupied, and a Messuage or Dwelling House, Work-(hop and Yard, with the Appurtenances thereto belonging, now also vacant and unoccupied, situate on the Southern Side of Redmead Lane, and numbered Eighteen and Nineteen, the fame being situate in the Parish of Saint George, Middlesex, commonly called Saint George in the Eafi; and all the said Pieces or Parcels of Land, Messuages or Dwelling Houses, Workshops, Yards and Premises, being within the Limits in the said first recited Act mentioned and set forth 5 and also all those Five Messuages or Dwelling Houses, with their respective Appurtenances, situate on the Northern Side of Wapping High Street aforesaid, and numbered respectively Seven, Eight, Nine, Ten and Eleven; and also all those Five Messuages or Dwelling Houses, with their respective Appurtenances, situate in Half Moon Courty numbered respectively Eight, Nine, Ten, Eleven and Twelve, together with the Messuage or Tenement with the Appurtenances, in the said Court, numbered Thirteen, and extending Eastward from the said Court to the Rear or Back Part of the Messuage or Dwelling House numbered Ten, on the Western Side of Little Hermitage Street; and also the Messuage or Dwelling House, with the Appurtenances, situate on the Western Side of Little Hermitage Street aforesaid, now or late in the Occupation of Gloag; all which said Twelve Messuages or Dwelling Houses,

and Premises last mentioned, are in the Parish of Saint John Wapping aforesaid, and lie without and beyond the Limits in the said first recited Act mentioned, and together with the said Pieces or Parcels of Land or Ground, Messuage or Dwelling House, and Premises hereinbefore mentioned, are found requisite to be purchased, taken, pulled down and removed, and the Ground or Soil thereof made use of for the forming, making and completing of the Bason and Entrance to the said Docks at or near the Hermitage aforesaid, and the surrounding Wall or Space, and other Works necessary thereto.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if the Owner or Owners, Lessee or Lessees, Occupier or Occupiers of the Dwelling House, Counting House, Workshops, Cooperage, Sheds, Garden and Yard on the Northern Side of Great Hermitage Street, known by the Name of Hovil and Tumor's Cooperage, and now in their Occupation, should be unwilling to sell or dispose of the several Pieces or Parcels of Land or Ground herein-. before described as a certain angular Piece of Land or Ground on the Western Side, and being Part of the Yard belonging to the said Cooperage, and as a certain other angular Piece of Land or Ground, together, with Part of a Shed thereon? and constituting and forming other Part of the said Yard, or of their Rights or Interesta therein, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Directors and Managers of the Concerns of the London Dock Company, or any Thirteen or more of them, and they are hereby authorized and required, at the Option of any Owner or Owners, Lessee or Lessees, Occupier or Occupiers thereof, to purchase the whole of such Ground, Messuages, Cooperage, Buildings and Premises, and the Rights and Interests of any of such Persons therein respectively; and if such Owner or Owners, Lessee or Lessees, Occupier or Occu-

?iers, or any of them respectively, shall not or cannot agree with the said London Dock Company for the rice or Prices to be paid for the Purchase of the whole of such Ground, Messuages, Cooperage, Buildings and Premises, Rights and Interests respectively as aforesaid, then the Value thereof respectively shall be settled and ascertained by a Jury or Juries, in such manner as the Price for any Land to be taken in pursuance of the said recited Acts and this Act is directed to be settled and ascertained by the said first recited Act and this Act; and all such other Proceedings shall take place respecting the said Ground, Messuages, Cooperage, Buildings and Premises, Rights and Interests aforesaid respectively, and the Money to be paid for the Purchase thereof respectively, as are mentioned and directed in the said first recited Act and this Act with respect to the Premises the Value whereof shall be ascertained by a Jury or Juries in manner aforesaid.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Directors and Managers of the Concerns of the said Company, or any Thirteen or more of them, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, by themselves, their Engineer, Surveyors, Agents and Workmen, and any other or others with whom they shall or may contract and agree in the Premises, to have, use and exercise, from henceforth and during the said further Period of Five Years, hereby granted, such and the fame or the like Powers and Authorities for the Completion of the said Entrance at the Hermitage aforesaid, and for the making, enforcing, and completing of such Purchases as aforesaid, and carrying into Execution the Purposes of the said Acts and of this Act, and for the obtaining, taking Possession of, and using and employing the said Dock called Hermitage Dock, and Bridge, with all its Rights and Boundaries in the said first recited Act mentioned, and also all and singular the said Pieces or Parcels of Land or Ground, Messuages or Dwelling Houses, Yard, Hereditaments and Premises hereby authorized to be purchased as aforesaid, as by the first Act recited were given to the said Directors during the Term of Years by the said Act limited as aforesaid; and all and Angular the Powers, Authorities, Provisiona*«Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, matters and things in the said recited Acts or any of them contained, shall be in full Force and Effect in relation to and for the Purposes of the said re-» cited Acts and of this Act, from henceforth and during the said further Period of Five Years hereby granted, as fully, beneficially and effectually, and in the fame or the like manner in all Respects (except as far as the fame is or are by this Act altered or varied), as if the fame and every Part thereof had been included in the said first recited Act, and as if the said further Period of Five Years had been granted by the said first recited Act* and continue d by the said subsequestt Acts or any of them, and a3 if the fame were severally and specially t iz re-enacted

A.D. 1818. 58° GEORGII III. c.lxii. 6*7

re-enacted in and formed Part of this Act; any thing in the said recited Acts or any or either of them contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Jury or Juries to be summoned and sworn pursuant to the Expences of Directions and under the Authority of the said recited Acts and of this Act, shall give in and deliver a Ver- Juries how to b % dist or Assessment for more Money, as a Recompence and Satisfaction to any Person or Persons for his, her or their Right, Interest or Property in any such Lands or Hereditaments as aforesaid, or for any Loss or Damage to be sustained by any such Person or Persons, than what shall have been agreed to and offered by or on behalf of the said London Dock Company, as a Recompence and Satisfaction for any such Right, Interest and Property, or for any Loss or Damage as aforesaid, before the summoning and returning of such Jury, then and in every such case of Difference the Colts and Expences of summoning and maintaining the Jury and Witnesses, and all other Expences attending the hearing and determining of such Difference, shall be borne and paid by the said London Dock Company, or their Treasurer for the time being; but if any Jury or Juries so to be summoned and sworn shall give in and deliver a Verdict or Assessment for no more or for less Money than shall before the summoning and returning of such Jury or Juries have been agreed to and offered by or on the behalf of the said London Dock Company, as a Recompence and Satisfaction for any such Right, Interest or Property, or Loss or Damage as aforesaid, that then the Costs and Expences of summoning and maintaining the Jury and Witnesses, and all other Expences as aforesaid, shall be borne and paid by the Person or Persons with whom the said London Dock Company shall have such Difference, which Costs and Expences (having been ascertained and settled by some one Justice of the Peace of the said County of Middlesex, not interestea in the matter in question, who is hereby required to examine and settle the fame at a time and Place to be by him appointed, after summoning the Parties interested to attend him for that Purpose) shall and may be deducted out of the Money so assessed and adjudged, as so much Money advanced to and for the Use of such Person or Persons, and the Payment or Tender of the Remainder of such Monies shall be deemed and taken, to all Intents and Purposes, to be a Payment or Tender of the whole Sum or Sums so assessed and adjudged; or otherwise such Costs and Expences, in case the fame be not paid upon Demand, after being so ascertained and settled as aforesaid, shall and may be recovered by the Treasurer of the said Company, by such Ways and Means as in and by the said recited Acts are provided for the Recovery of Penalties and Forfeitures incurred under the said recited Acts: Provided always, that in all cases where any Person or Persons shall by reason of Absence have been prevented from treating, the whole of such Costs and Expences shall be borne by the said London Dock Company, and paid by their Treasurer for the time being,

VII. And Whereas in and by the said Act passed in the Fortieth Year of the Reign of His Majesty, it 40G*3. c. xbii.

was among other things enacted, that if the said Dock Company Should at any time make a Cut across §9*

Wapping Street> at or near the Hermitage, into a Bason or Basons within the same, they Should be compel- 'i*

lable to make, set up and maintain in perpetual Repair, a Bridge, Drawbridge or Swingbridge, in the Line of Wapping Street, across the said Hermitage, and also on the Wharf or Space between the said intended Bason or Basons, Dock or Docks, at or nearly adjoining the Line of Direction from Hermitage Street to the South End of Nightingale Lane, so as to preserve the Certainty of constantly passing to and r through the Hermitage, by one of the Bridges being shut at the time that the other might be open: And c Whereas it Is found that such Two Bridges as in the said Act mentioned will not be attended with any Benefit One Swillg qu_ 4 or Convenience to Commerce, or to the Inhabitants of the Parishes and Parts adjoining; Be it therefore riage Bridge to further enacted, That so much of the said Act as directs the making of the said Two Bridges in the said beereftedneir Act mentioned, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed; and that in lieu thereof the said Dock Company the Hermitage, shall be compelled to make, and shall make, erect, set up and maintain in perpetual Repair, over and across ^w^Bridxe* the Entrance Lock now forming and making or about to be formed and made at the Hermitage Dock aforesaid, and as near as may be to the Centre of the said Lock, One Swing Carriage Bridge for Carts, Car- 40 G. 3. c. xlvii. riages, Horses and Persons passing over and across the said Lock. §29.

VIII. And Whereas by the making of the Bason and Entrance Lock at the Hermitage hereinbefore 47 G. 3. Sess. a.

mentioned, the aqueducts, Mains or Service Pipes belonging to the Company of Proprietors of the East c. lxxii.

London Waterworks", incorporated by an Act made in the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for better Supplying with Water the Inhabitants of the Parishes of Statford Bow, otherwise Stratford le Bow, Saint John Hackney, Saint Mary Islington, Saint Matthew Bethnal Green, and federal other Parishes> Hamlets, Townships and Places adjacent or near thereunto in the Counties of Middlesex and Essex, and which now supply with Water the Inhabitants of that Part of the Parish of Saint John Wapping, in the County of Middlesex, which lies between the said Hermitage Bason and Entrance Lock, and the Entrance of the London Docks at Bell Dock, will be cut off, whereby the said Inhabitants would be deprived of the said Supply of Water, and the said Company of Proprietors of the East London Waterworks sustain great Injury, unless Provision be made to prevent the fame; Be it therefore enacted, That wherever the said Bason or Entrance Lock shall cross, intersect or cut through any of the In what case the aqueducts, Mains or Service Pipes of the said Company of Proprietors of the East London Waterworks London Dock which shall have been sunk, laid or used for supplying any of the Inhabitants aforesaid with Water, the said London Dock Company shall and they are hereby required to provide, lay down and carry through, under of aqueducts,

or across such Bason or Entrance Lock, and for the Space of Twenty Feet at the least on each Side thereof, &c.;

a new Line or Lines of good and sufficient aqueducts, Mains and Service Pipes, in lieu and instead of those which shall or may be so crossed, interfefted, cut through or removed, and join and conncft or caiife the same to be properly joined and connected with the aqueducts, Mains and Service Pipes, from whence the said aqueducts, Mains and Service Pipes so crossed, interfefted or cut through shall be removed, all which new

4 L 2 Line

6a8 Clxii. 58° GEORGII III. A.D. 1818.

to be made of C*fl Iron, Di-re&iont for laying down the lame, &c.; and also to provide Cocks, Valves, kc. 5

and to give Notice of removing Aquedu&i, &c.

East London Company may have Acceli to cleanse, &c. Aqueducts, &c.

Proviso where necessary to empty Hermitage Dock for repairing any of the said Aqueducts, &c.

Loodoo Dock Company not to cut off Supply of Water to the East London Company.

Mode of executing the Works at the* Expence of the London Dock Company for preceding the JLaft London Waterworks.

Proviso for Rights of £a(l London Water Company.

Line or Lines of Aquedu&s, Mains and Service Pipes shall be made of Cast Iron, of not less than Seven Inches Diameter in the Bore, and shall be laid down and carried in the fame Line or Direction as the Aqueducts, Mains and Service Pipes which shall be so eroded, intersected, cut through or removed, or as near thereto as shall be convenient; and the said London Dock Company shall and they are hereby also required to find and provide and cause to be connected with the said new or other Aquedu&s, Mains and Service Pipes, at or near the Place or Places where the same shall cross or interfe& the Bason or Entrance Lock aforesaid, such and so many fit and proper Cocks, Valves, Pumps or other Devices or Contrivances, as shall or may be necessary for the preventing of Stoppages or Obstructions, and for the more convenient and effectual Removal thereof from and out of the said Aquedu&s, Mains and Service Pipes; and Fourteen Days' Notice in Writing shall be given to the Clerk of the said Company of Proprietors, previous to the Removal or Alteration of any Aquedu&s, Mains or Service Pipes belonging to the said Company of Proprietors, or the laying down of any new or other Aquedu&s, Mains or Service Pipes; and aH such new and other Aquedu&s, Mains and Service Pipes, Cocks, Plugs, Valves and other Works, Devices and Contrivances, shall from thenceforth become and be deemed and taken to be the Property of the said Company of Proprietors, and to which they the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors and Assigns, or their Engineers, Officers, Servants and Workmen, shall at all seasonable times have full, free and convenient Accefg for the Purpose of examining, cleansing, renewing, reinstating and repairing the fame, as often as there may be Occasion, the said London Dock Company making reasonable Compensation and Satisfaction to the said Company of Proprietors for any extra Cods, Charges or Expences which they the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors or Assigns, shall or may be put to in the repairing, cleansing, renewing or reinstating of such new or other Aquedu&s, Mains or Service Pipes, and other Works as aforesaid; provided also, that whenever it may be necessary for the Repair or Alteration of any of the said Aquedu&s, Main9 or Service Pipes, that the Dock called the Hermitage Dock should be emptied of the Water contained therein, and that Ships or Vessels should at that time be lyiijg in the said Dock, of such a Built or Construction as to render it dangerous for such Ships or Vessels not to lie afloat therein, then the said London Dock Company shall not be required to draw off the Water from the said Dock until after the Expiration of Three Tides from the Delivery of Notice, to be given for that Purpose by the said Company of Proprietors of the East London Waterworks to the said London Dock Company, at the Superintendant's Office in the said Docks, or at the House of the Dock Master of the said London Dock Company, and the said London Dock Company shall then cause the Water to be drawn off from the said Dock within the Period before mentioned.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in the said recited Acts or in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to authorize or empower the said London Dock Company or any Person acting under them, to cut off, break, alter, remove or take away any of the Aquedu&s, Mains, Service Pipes or other Works of or belonging to the said Company of Proprietors of the East London Waterworks, or do any Act, matter or thing whatsoever, to impede the Passage or Supply of Water into or through such Aquedu&s, Mains or Service Pipes, until a new Line or Lines of good and fuffiicent Aquedu&s, Mains and Service Pipes, with all such Cocks, Valves, Pumps or other Devices and Contrivances as aforesaid, shall be made and conflru&ed, fixed, laid down and ready to be joined and con-ne&ed with the Aquedu&s, Mains and Service Pipes, from which the same shall be, or shall be intended to be cut off, broken or removed; and such Aquedu&s, Mains or Service Pipes so cut off, fevered or divided, shall be joined and connected with as much Expedition as the Nature of the Work will admit, so as to occasion as little Inconvenience as possible to the Inhabitants of the Places supplied with Water by Means of the said Aquedu&s, Mains and Service Pipes.

X. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the Works hereby directed to be done or performed by the said London Dock Company for the Protection and Security of the said Aqucdu&s, Mains, Service Pipes and other Works of the said Company of Proprietors of the East London Waterworks, shall be executed at the Expence of the said London Dock Company, to the mutual Satisfaction of Two Engineers, one to be appointed by the said London Dock Company, and the other by the said Company of Proprietors of the East London Waterworks; and in case such Two Engineers cannot agree in re(pt& to all or any of the several matters aforesaid, then the same shall be determined by a Third indifferent Engineer, to be appointed by the Two first named Engineers, as Umpire, before they shall proceed to act in the Execution of the Powers hereby vested in them, other wise than by the Appointment of such Umpire, who shall and he is hereby required to determine any matter in dispute that may be referred to him by the said Engineers, within Seven Days after such Reference, and his Determination therein shall be final and conclusive.

XI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall be construed or taken to hinder or obstruct the Company of Proprietors of the East London Waterworks, their Successors or Assigns, from holding, using, exercising or enjoying all such Right, Title, Estate, Interest, Powers, Privileges and Advantages whatsoever, which the said Company of Proprietors oow lawfully have or may claim, or which they, their Successors or Assigns at any time hereafter may, can or ought lawfully to have, hold, claim, use, exercise or enjoy by virtue of the said last recited Act, made in the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and also by virtue of an Act made in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the East London Waterworks to furebafe certain other Waterworks, and to amend an Act of the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty, relating to the said East London Waterworks, or either of them; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

A.D. 1818. 5$° GEORGII III. lxii, lxiii 639

XII. And be it further enacted, That in all Actions, Suita at Law or in Equity and in all Proceedings Treasurer may

under the said Acts or this Act or otherwise, for say'Claim or Compensation against or for or on behalf of give Releasesto the said Company, and also in all Prosecutions commenced or instituted by or on behalf of the said London PcTfoos pro-Dock Company, and in all Arbitrations, References or other Proceedings in or consequent upon or arising' neflSs to Ac" out of any of such Actions and Suits or Proceedings, it shall be lawful for the Treasurer for the time being byor

of the said London Dock Company, in his own Name, for and on behalf of the said Company*.tQ make, on behalf of sign, seal, execute and deliver all and every such general or other Release or Releases as may be or be London Dock deemed to be necessary for the Purpose of exonerating, releasing and discharging all and every or any Company* Person or Persons who shall or may be produced as a Witness or Witnesses in any such Actions, Suits,

Prosecutions, Arbitrations, References or other Proceedings as aforesaid, from all or any Claims or Demands,

which may be necessary to be released by the said Company, to qualify such Person or Persons to give Evidence as a Witness or Witnesses in any such Actions, Suits, Prosecutions, Arbitrations, References or other Proceedings aforesaid; and also in any such Action, Suit, Prosecution, Arbitration, Reference or other Proceedings, to do any other Act, matter or thing which any Plaintiff or Defendant might do in any Action,

Suit, Prosecution, Arbitration, Reference or other Proceeding; and every such Release, Ad, matter and thing respectively, shall be as valid and effectual in all Respects, and to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, if any Lighter, Boat or Regulations is

other Craft, either after having any Goods taken or unladen thereout, or which shall enter or be in the said to Lighten and Docks for the Purpose or under Pretext of taking or carrying Goods from or out of the said Docks, or Craft remaining, for any other Purpose or under any other Pretext whatsoever, shall remain or continue empty in the said lhe

Docks for any longer Space or time than Twenty four Hours, it shall be lawful for the Dock Master'c*

or Dock Matters of the said Company, or their or any of their Assistants or Servants, to give Notice in Writing to any Owner or Owners of such Lighter, Boat or other Craft, by Delivery of such Notice to him, her or them, or by leaving the fame atliis or their Dwelling House, Counting House or Place of carrying on Trade, or by Delivery thereof to the Person or Persons in charge of such Lighter, Boat or other Craft, if any there shall be, to remove such Lighter, Boat or other Craft from and out of the said Docks; and if any such Lighter, Boat or other Craft shall not be removed from and out of the said Docks If not removed within Twelve Hours after such Notice shall be given, the Owner or Owners of every such Lighter, Boat or 00 Notice by other Craft, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Forty Shillings for the First Twenty Dock.Master, four Hours, and the Sum of Twenty Shillings for every further Period of Twenty four Hours, during which enaly' any such Lighter, Boat or other Craft shall remain and continue in the said Docks contrary to the Provinces herein contained, the Payment whereof shall and may be enforced and recoverable in such manner as any other Penalty or Penalties of the like Amount or Amounts is or are recoverable by or under the said recited Acts.

XIV. And be it further eaaded, That all Goods, Wares or Merchandize which, from and after the Good* landed in passing of this Act, shall be landed in the said Docks called The London Dockt, shall, when so landed, continue London Docks and be subject or liable to such and the fame Claim for Freight, -in favour of the Master and Owner or Owners of the respective Ships or Vessels from or out of which such Goods, Wares or Merchandize shall be

so landed, as such Goods, Wares or Merchandize respectively were subject and liable to whilst the fame were on board such Ships or Vessels, and before the landing thereof; and the Directors of the said London indmaybcde-Dock Company, or their Servants or Agents, shall and may and they are hereby authorized, empowered and tained by JJi-required, upon due Notice in that behalf given to them by such Master or Masters, or Owner or Owners, rC^°g*0^Nodcs to detain and keep such Goods, Wares and Merchandize in the Warehouses of the said London Dock {yom persont Company, until the respective Freights to which the same shall be subject and liable as aforesaid shall be claiming Freight, duly paid or satisfied, together with the Rates and Charges to which the same shall have become subject and liable.

XV. And Whereas under the Provisions contained in the Schedule (A.) annexed to the said recited Act,

passed in the Fifty first Year of His Majesty's Reign, the Importers or Owners of Wines in Store in the said Docks have been subjected to pay for the tatting of all such Wines: And Whereas great Inconvenience

and Lodes to the Proprietors of such Wines have accrued in consequence thereof; Be it therefore further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, every Person making Application at the said Docks to Payment for taste Wines in Store, under any written Order from the Proprietor thereof, shall, at or before the time of tailing of Wines, such tatting, pay for every Cask of Wine to be so tatted, the Charge by the said Act required to be paid in respect of such tatting.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case the Works intended to be carried into If Work* are effect under the Authority of this Act, shall not be completed so as to answer the Objects of this Act within n<* completeo, the time by this Act limited for the Completion thereof, all the Powers and Authorities given by this Act ^0*fc°* for purchasing Lands and Hereditaments, and erecting the Works hereby authorized, shall thenceforth cease tocele*

and determine, save only as to so much of such Land as shall have been purchased, or such Works as shall have been completed, within that time.

[Public Act.]

XVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and other*, without being specially pleaded.

Cap. lxiii.

An Act for making a Railway from the Hay Railway near Eardifley> in the County of Hereford, to the Lime Works near Burlinjob, in the County of Radnor.

[23d May 1818.]

Cap

C. lxiv — lxvlii,

58° GEORGII HI

A.D. 1818.

jlO 3 C.dx.i.

S3 0.3-c. lxxxvii.

56 G. 3. c. x\.

Power to raise an additional Sum of Money.

Company may grant Bonds.

Power to fell such Bonds.

Holders of Bonds to ft and on equal Foot-

h*

Company may renew Promissory Notes issued under former Acts.

General Power to raise Money Remaining to be

Cap. Ixiv.

An Act for lighting with Gas the University and City of Oxford, and the Subnrbs of the said City.

[23d May 1818.]

Cap. lxv.

An Act for lighting with Gas the Town and Parish of Sheffield, in the County of York* [23d May 1818.]

Cap. lxvi.

An Act for lighting with Gas the Port and Town of Liverpool and Township of Toxteth Park, in the County of Lancqfier* [23d May 1818.]

Cap. lxvii.

An Act for lighting the City and Suburbs of Edinburgh and Places adjacent with Gas.

[23d May 1818.]

Cap. lxviii.

An Act for enabling the Southwark Bridge Company to raise a further Sum of Money, and to amend the Acts for building the said Bridge.

[23d May 1818.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fifty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for ereSing a Bridge over the River Thames, from or near The Three Cranes in the Parishes

of Saint James, Garlick Hithe, and Saint Martin Vintry, in the City of London, to the opposite Bank of the said River, in the Parish of Saint Saviour, in the County of Surrey, and for making proper Streets and

Avenues to communicate therewith: And Whereas an Act was passed in the Fifty third Year of the Reign

of His said Majesty, intituled An Act to amend an Act passed in the Fifty first Year of His present Majesty,

for ereSing a Bridge over the River Thames, from the City of London, to the opposite Bank, in the Parish of

Saint Saviour, in the County of Surrey s And Whereas an Act was passed in the Fifty sixth Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, intituled An Act to amend Two Acts of His present Majesty* for ereSing a Bridge over the River Thames, from the City of London to the opposite Bank in the County of Surrey: And

Whereas the said Company have proceeded in the Execution of the several Works authorized by the said recited Acts, and have nearly completed the said Bridge, and Part of the Roads therein mentioned: And

Whereas for the more speedy and effectual Completion of the Remainder of the said Bridge, Roads and

Works, it will be expedient that the said Company should be authorized to raise a further Sum of Money, c and that the said Acts should be amended May it therefore please Your Majesty, that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to raise a further Sum of Money not exceeding One hundred thousand Pounds over and above the Sums authorized to be raised by the said Acts, in manner herein after mentioned; and by all, or any or either of the Ways or Means by which the said Company are authorized to raise any Money, by virtue oi the said recited Acts, or either of them.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, from time to time to grant any Bond or Bonds, under the Common Seal of the said Company of Proprietors, for any Sum or Sums of Money, not being less than the Sum of One hundred Pounds on each Bond, with Interest for the fame not exceeding the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum upon the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be raised and collected by virtue of the said recited Acts, not exceeding in the whole the said Sum of One hundred thousand Pounds.

III. And be it further enacted, That ir shall and may be lawful to and for the Committee or Court of Direction of the said Company, from time to time to make Sale and dispose of all or any of the said Bonds to be granted as aforesaid, either by Private Contract or Public Sale, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, for the best Price or Prices in Money that can be reasonably had or obtained for the fame, or to hypothecate, mortgage and assign the same as a Security for any Sum or Sums of Money lent or advanced thereon, such Assignments to be entered by the Clerk to the said Company in manner directed by the said first recited Act, with respect to Assignments of Mortgages or Annuities.

JV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Holders of such Bonds shall Hand upon the fame Footing the one with the other, in respect of their Right to the Payment of the Interest upon such Bonds, without any Priority among themselves, not with (landing the Sums of Money for which such Bonds shall have been issued may have been advanced at different times.

V. And Whereas the said Company were authorized in and by the said recited Acts, or some or one of«them, to raise Money by Promissory Notes under the Common Seal of the said Company, and it may be

found convenient for the Purposes of the said Company that such Notes should be renewed from time to

time; Be it therefore further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Company, from time to time as Occasion shall require, to renew any Promissory Notes already issued, or which shall or may be hereafter issued by the said Company, .by ifiiiing other Promissory Note or Notes under the Common Seal of the said Company in lieu thereof, as to the said Company or their Committee or Court of Direction shall seem meet and convenient.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company to raise all or any Part of the Monies authorized to be raised by the said recited Acts, or either of them, and which now

remains

A.D. 1818. 58° GEORGII III. lxviii — lxxv.

remains to be raised by all or any of the Ways by which the said Company are authorized to raise any Money by the said recited Acts, or either of them, or by this Act, and also to dispose of any of the Shares authorized to be created in and by the said recited Acts, as now remain unfold or unappropriated; and also the Shares authorized to be created by this Act, or such Part or Parts thereof as they may deem expedient, at and for such Price and Prices per Share, and to such Person or Persons as the said Committee shall from time to time think proper.

VII. And be it further enacted, That no Toll shall be demanded or taken for any Horses or Carriages belonging to Their Majestiesor any of the Royal Family, or any of the Horses of His Majesty's Guards, or any Horses or Carriages conveying Persons regularly attending their Majesties or any of the Royal Family.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said recited Acts of the Fifty Grft, Fifty third and Fifty Gxth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, and all and every the Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Regulations, Privileges, Penalties, Forfeitures, matters and things whatsoever therein contained, so far as the same are not hereby altered or repealed, shall extend, and be deemed and construed to extend, to operate and be in full Force and Effect with respect to all matters and things to be done, or which shall arise in the Execution of this Act, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the fame and every of them, and every Part thereof, were repeated and re-enacted in this Act, and made Part thereof.

1 IX. And Whereas the said Company have made and constructed certain Parts of the Roads at each End*of the Bridge upon Arches, Be it further enacted, That the said Company shall have full Power and Authority to grant a Lease or Leases of the said Arches, or any of them, to any Person or Persons whom- soever, for such Term or Terms of Years, and for such ConGderations, or Rents or other Compensations as to the said Company shall seem meet; and the Amount of such ConGderations, Rents or Compensations shall be paid, applied and disposed of as the Tolls received upon the said Bridge are by the said recited Acts directed x to be applied and disposed of.

X. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

Cap. lxix.

An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from Bramity in the County of Surrey, to RiJgewici in the County of Sussex. (a) [23d May 1818.]

[One Half additional Toll on Sundays.]

Cap. lxx.

An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from the Turnpike Road leading from Ulverfone to KtndaU into the Turnpike Road leading from Millthorp to Kendal, and a Continuation of the said Road from the last mentioned Turnpike Road tojoin the Turnpike Road leading from Lancaster to Kendal. (b)

[23d May 1810.]

[One Half additional Toll on Sundays.']

Cap. lxxi.

An Act for more effectually converting into Money the Statute Labour in the Stewartry of Kirkcudbright; for repairing the Highways, Bridges and Ferries therein; and for making and maintaining certain Turnpike Roads within the said Stewartry. (£) [23d May 1818.^|

Cap. lxxii.

An Act for repairing the Road from Chipping Campden, in the County of Gloucester, to Clifford Side Gate in the Parish of Old Stratford, in the County of Warwick, (b) [23d May 1818.]

Cap. lxxiii. 1

An Act to continue the Term and enlarge the Powers of several Acts for repairing the Roads from Basing. ' flokty through Popham Lane9 Sutton Scotney and Stocibridge, in the County of Southampton to a Plaqe'called Lobcomb Cornery in the County of Wilts. (r) [23d May 1818.]

[Additional Trustees.]

Cap. lxxiv.

An Act to alter and amend an Act passed in the Forty third Year of His Majesty's Reign, for raising a Fund for making Provision for the Widows of the Writers to His Majesty's Signet in Scotland.

[23d May 1818.]

Cap. lxxv.

An Act to explain and artiend an Act of the Fifty second Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the Improvement of the Harbour of Kidwelly, and for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal or Tramroads in Kidwelly and Llanelly, and other Parishes therein mentioned, in the County of Carmarthen; and to altft: and enlarge the Powers thereof.

[28th May 1818.]

Cap.

63 i

raised under former Acts.

Royal FamOy free from Toll.

Former Acts extended to this Act.

Company may lease Arches under the Roads.

[Public Act.]

20 G. 3. c. 24-37 G. 3. c. 15. repealed.

29 G. 2. c. 46. 16 G. 3. c. 67. 37 G. 3. c. 15c. continued for 2X Years, &c.

43 G. 3. c. evii.

G. 3. c.clxxiii.

{joc le

63 i

C. lxxvi — lxxx,

58° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1818.

4 % G. 3. c. lxxvi. continued for xc Years, &c.

4i0.3.(U.K.) c. civi.

a8 G.». c. 31. repealed as to power to Trustees to administer Oaths, §33-iy G. 3. c. 96.

3t O.3. c. 4*.

50 G. 3. c. 164.

53 O.3. c. 14.

lxxvi.

An Act to continue the Term, and to amend, alter and enlarge the Powers of an Act passed in the Forty second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for repealing an Act of the Twenty fifth Year of His said present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from the Stones, End m Blackman Street in the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey, to Highgate in the County of Sussex, and other Roads therein mentioned; and for making a new Road from Kensington Lane to Camberwell Green, in the said County of Surrey, (t)

[28th May 1818.]

[Additional Trustees.]

Cap. lxxvii.

An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act passed in the Forty first Year of His present Majesty, for draining, dividing and inclosing a Common called Crowland Common, otherwise Goggushland, and certain Open Half Years Meadow, Commonable and Waste Grounds, called the IVaJhes and Fodder Lots, in, adjoining or near the Township of Crowland, in the County of Lincoln.

[30th May 1818.]

Cap. lxxviii.

An Act for repairing, widening and improving the Lower Road leading from the Town of Greenwich to the Town of Woolwich, in the County of Kent (J) (30th May i8r8.]

[The Royal Family free from Tolls.]

Cap. lxxix.

An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of Four Acts of His late and present Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading to, through and from the Town of Monmouth; and for making Two Pieces of Road to communicate therewith, (c) [1A June 1818.]

[One Half additional Toll on Sundays.']

33 G. 3. c. 169. 50 G. 3. c. xcvii. continued for ai Years, ftc.

Cap. lxxx.

An Act to provide additional Salaries to the present Clerks in the Report Office of the High Court of Chancery, and to provide additional Clerks for the said Office; and for making further Provision for the Clerks in the said Office.

[3d June 1818.]

WHEREAS by virtue of an Act passed in the Thirty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to empower the High Court of Chancery to lay out a further Sum of the Suitors, Money upon proper Securities, and for applying the Interest towards discharging the Expenses of the Office of the Accountant General, and for budding Offices for the Masters in Ordinary in Chancery, and a 4 public Office for the Suitors of the feud Court, and Offices for the Secretaries of Bankrupts and Lunatics, and for building Repo/itorics for securing the Title Deedi of the Suitors of the said Court, and the Records and Proceedings of the Commissioners of Bankrupts and Lunatics; and of several Acts in the said Act mentioned;

divers Sums of Money have been, by virtue of several Orders of the said Court of Chancery, taken out of the common and general Cash belonging to the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery, which lay dead and unemployed in the Bank of England, and have been placed out in the Name of the Accountant General of the said Court, on Government or Parliamentary Securities, and such Government or Parliamentary Securities have been, in pursuance of the said Act passed in the Thirty second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, carried to an Account, intituled, Account of Monies placed out for the Benefit and better Security 0? the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery 5* and out of the Dividends and Interest of the Securities purchased in pur*

fuance of the said several Act of Parliament, the several Annual Sums and Salaries, and the several other < Payments directed to be made and to be paid, have been from time to time made and paid, and the furolos*Interest and annual Produce arising from the said Securities, beyond what was sufficient to answer the Purposes of the said several Acts, and also the Interest produced from the Securities purchased with such surplus Interest and annual Produce, have been from time to time in pursuance of the said last mentioned Act, laid out*4 in the Purchase of Government or Parliamentary Securities, in the name of the Accountant General of the said Court, and placed to the Credit of an Account, intituled Account of Securities purchased with surplus Interest arising from Securities carried to an Account of Monies placed out for the Benefit and better Security of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery : And Whereas by another Act passed in the Fiftieth Year of His said Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for building certain Offices for the Examiners,

Curjttors, Clerk of the Crown, and Clerks of the Petty Bag of the High Court of Chancery, and for making certain Regulations in the Examiners, Office of the said Court, and for making Provision for such of the Ex*

amsners, Deputy Examiners and Clerks, as from length of Service, or from Age or Infirmity, are or shall be incapacitated from the due Execution of their Office, and for making Provision for other Officers of the feud Court, and jor making other Payments in respect of the said Offices; and also by another Act of Parliament passed in the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled An 4 AS to facilitate toe Admtnjjlration of Justice; divers other Sums of Money have been, by virtue of ffyeral ' other Orders of the said dourt of Chancery, taken out of the common and general Cash belonging to the said Suitors, which lay dead and unemployed in the Bank of England\ and have been placed out io the

6 1 Name

A.D. 1818. 58° GEORGII III. C.kxx;

Name of the Accountant General of the said Court of Chancery, according to the General Rules and Orders of the said Court, on Government or Parliamentary Securities; and such Government or Parliamentary Securities have been, in pursuance of the said last mentioned Acts, carried to an Account, intituled Account of Monies placed out for the Benefit and better Security of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery and out of the Interest and Dividends of the Securities purchased in pursuance of the said last mentioned Acts, the several annual Sums and Salaries, and the several other Payments directed to be made and to be paid, have been from time to time made and paid, and the surplus Interest and annual

Produce arising from the said Securities, beyond what was sufficient to answer the Purposes of the said several last mentioned Acts, and also the Interest produced from the Securities purchased with such surplus Interest and annual Produce, have been from time to time, in pursuance of the said last mentioned Acts, laid out in the Purchase of Government or Parliamentary Securities, in the Name of the Accountant General of the said Court, and placed to the Credit of an Account, intituled Account of; Securities pur-'

chafed with surplus Interest arising from Securities, carried to an Account of Monies placed out for the Benefit*and better Security of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery And Whereas

4 by an Act made and passed in the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An

4 A3 for making Provision for such of the Sub Registrars or Deputy Registrars of the Hight Court of 4 'Chancery, as from Age or Infirmity Joall be affiiQcd with permanent Disability, and be incapacitated for the due Execution of their Office; and for making further Provision for the Two Seniors of the said Registrars for the Clerks in the Registrars, Office, for the Mqfler of the Report Office, and for providing additional Clerks on the Report Office of the said Court, and for making Payments and Regulations in respe3 of the said Offices; it

was amongst other things enacted, that out of the Interest and Dividends of the Government or Parliamentary Securities aforesaid carried to the said Account, intituled Account of Interest arising from Monies

placed out for the Benefit and better Security of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery and out of the Interest and Dividends of the Government or Parliamentary Securities carried to the said Account, intituled Account of Securities purchased with surplus Interest arising from Securities carried to an Account

of: Monies placed out for the Benefit and better Security of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery, and out of the Interest and Dividends of any Government or Parliamentary Securities thereafter to be purchased and placed to the last mentioned Account, there should be paid (but subject and without Prejudice to the Payment of all Salaries and Sums of Money by any Act or Acts of Parliament theretofore passed, directed or authorized to be paid thereout) by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, by virtue of any Order or Orders of the High Court of Chancery, to be made for that Purpose, by Quarterly Payments on the Fifth Day of January, the Fifth Day of April, the Fifth Day of July, and the Tenth Day of 0Sober, in every Year, such yearly Sums as after mentioned to the several Persons after mentioned, (that is to say, ) 4 amongst other Persons to Four additional Clerks to be employed in the said Report Office for the Purposes therein mentioned, and to be .appointed by the Filer and Keeper of the said Reports and Certificates, and Keeper of the said Books of Entries of the said Office for the time being, the several yearly Sums therein*

after mentioned, (that is to say, ) to the First of the said derkv the yearly Sum of Three hundred and thirty Pounds, to the Second of the said Clerks the yearly Sum of Two hundred and twenty Pounds, to the Third of the - said Clerks the yearly Sum of One hundred and ninety eight Pounds, and to the Fourth of the said

Clerks the yearly Sum of One hundred and thirty two Pounds, and also a proportionable Part of such Quar*

terly Payments as ffiouhL accrue due between the lafLQuarterly Payment thereof and the time of the Death or other Removal of such Clerks; and such Allowances and Payments to the said Clerks in the Report Office, to be a full Compensation and Satisfaction for their Labour and Attendance in the said Office: And Whereas the Money and Effects belonging to the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery, Under the Care and Direction of the said Court, have very greatly increased, by reason whereof the necessary Accounts and Business of the Report Office have of late Years greatly increased and are still increasing, and the present

Establishment of Clerks in the said Office is inadequate to transact the Business thereof, with such Accuracy and Difpfttch as is necessary for the Public Service; and several of the Clerks in the said Office have been many Years employed therein, and their present Salaries, considering the great Increase in the necessary

Expences of Living, are not a sufficient Compensation for their Length of Service, having regard to the Nature and Importance of duch Service, and the Attendance, Qualifications and Responsibility necessary to enable them to fulfil the Duties of their Employment with. Advantage to the Public May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and' by the Authority of the same, That out of the common and general Cash belonging to the Suitors of the Court of Chancery, which how lies or shall hereafter lie dead and unemployed in the Bank of England, a Sum not exceeding Two hundred thousand Pounds, shall and may by virtue of any Order or Orders of the said Court to be made for that Purpose, from time to time be placed out in One entire Sum, or in Parcels, in the Name of the Accountant General of the (9ld Court, according to the.General Rules and Orders of the said Court, on such Government or Parliamentary Securities as by such Order or Orders shall be directed, and such Securities shall be carried to an Account raised in pursuance of former Acts of Parliament, and intituled*Account of Monies placed out for the Benefit and better Security of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery, ' and shall be made Part of the fame Account; and out of the Interest and Dividends of all or any of the Securities purchased out of the said common and general Cash in pursuance of former Acts, and to be purchased in pursuance of this Act, there shall be paid (but subject and without Prejudice to the Payment of all Salaries and Sums of Money by any former Act or Acts of Parliament heretofore passed, directed or authorized to be paid thereout) by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England,

- 58 Geo. III. 4 M by

49 G. 3. C. 69.

For placing out at Interest a certain Part of the dead Cacti belonging to the Suitors of the Court of Chancery.

And out of the Interest thereof additional Salaries to he paid to the present Clerics in the Report Office. Additional Clerks to be appointed in the said Office.

Power of appointing Three more Additional Clerks in the said Office.

Clerks to produce Certificates of their having* faithfully executed their Offices, before they shall be entitled to the Payments hereby directed.

Clerks mty be removed as heretofore.

Clerks to be appointed in the Place of such as shall receive an Annuity, or be displaced. Expences of this Act and of all Proceedings provided for.

Surplus Interest to be placed out upon Security.

Securities may be changed.

Money to be called in when wanted to supply the Demands of the Suitors.

C.lxxx. 58° GEORGII III. A.D. 1818.

by virtu* of any Order or Orders of the High Court of Chancery to be made for that Purpose, by Quarterly Payments, on the Fifth Day of January, the Fifth Day of Abril* the Fifth Day of July, and the Tenth Day of October, in every Year; such additional yearly Sums or Salaries to be from time to time paid to the first Four Clerks in the Report Office for the time being, as herein after mentioned, (that is to say, ) to the First of the said Four Clerks One hundred and seventy Pounds, to the Second Clerk One hundred and eighty Pounds, to the Third Clerk One hundred and fifty two Pounds, and to the Fourth Clerk One hundred and sixty eight Pounds; the First Quarterly Payment thereof to commence on the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eighteen; and also such several yearly Sums or Salaries as are herein after mentioned, to be from time to time paid Quarterly on the several Days hereinbefore mentioned, to Three additional Clerks for the time beings namely, a Fifth, Sixth, and Seventh Clerk to be appointed; that is to say, to the Fifth Clerk One hundred and fifty Pounds, to the Siith Clerk One hundred and fifty Pounds, and to the Se-venth Clerk One hundred and fifty Pounds; and also like yesurly Sums or Salaries of One hundred and fifty Pounds each, to Three more additional Clerks in the said Office, in case it shall at any time hereafter appear necessary to the said Court of Chancery to appoint such Three additional Clerks, or any of them, in pursuance of the Clause for that Purpose herein after contained 5 the First Quarterly Payment to such additional Clerks respectively to commence from the Day of the Date of their respective Appointments.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal of Great Britain for the time being, upon the Requisition of the Master of the Report Office of the said Court of Chancery for the time being for that Purpose, and upon its being made appear to the Court that additional Assistance is necefEiry in the Uid Office for transacting the said Business of the Suitors of the said Court therein, to appoint not exceeding Three more Persons to be Clerks in the said Office, who shall have and be entitled to the yearly Salaries of One hundred and fifty Pounds each, hereby provided for the additional Clerks in the said Office; to be paid and payable out of the fame Funds, and in the same manner as is directed and provided by the Clause hereinbefore contained.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Clerks in the said Report Office, and each and every of them for the time being, shall from time to time, as and when he'or they apply at the proper Office in the Bank of England for Payment of the several yearly Sums hereinbefore provided and directed to be paid to them respectively, produce a Certificate, signed by the Master of the Report Office for the time being, that such Clerk bath diligently and faithfully in all things performed and fulfilled the Duty and Office of a Clerk to the said Master of the Report Office for the time being, up to the time specified in such Certificate; and by reason thereof is entitled to have and receive the yearly Sum or Payment hereby provided, up to the time mentioned in such Certificate; and in case the said Master for the time being of the said Report Office shall decline or refuse to sign such Certificate, such Clerk shall be at Liberty to apply to the said Court of Chancery by Petition or otherwise, and the said Court shall have full Power and Authority to make such Order therein as to the said Court shall appear to be expedient or just.

IV. Provided always, au«l be it further enacted, That uothing herein contained shall extend, or be deemed or taken to prevent or hinder any present or future Clerk in the said Report Office from being removed or displaced at any time, in such manner and by such Authority as Clerks in the said Office can now be removed or displaced.

V. And be it farther enacted, That in the Place of any Clerk who may he so removed or displaced, or to whom any Annuity or yearly Sum shall be ordered to be paid in pursuance of this Act, some other Person of sufficient Ability shall or may be appointed a Clerk in the said Office, in the manner and by the Authority in and by which the Clerks in the said Report Office have heretofore been appointed.

VI. And be it further enacted, That out of the Interest and Dividends of the Government or Parliamentary Securities purchased and to be purchased as aforesaid, the Costs incurred in procuring and passing this Act, and the Costs, Charges and Expences of all Proceedings to be had in Execution and in pursuance thereof, shall be paid by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, by virtue of any Order or Orders of the High Court of Chancery to be made for that Purpose.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the surplus Interest and annual Produce which shall arise from the Money placed out and to be placed out on Securities, pursuant to the several Acts of Parliament hereinbefore mentioned or referred to, or any of them, beyond what shall be sufficient to answer the Purposes of the said Acts, shall from time to time be placed ont on Government or Parliamentary Securities, and shall be placed to the Credit of the said Account, raised in pursuance of the said Act of the Thirty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled*Account of Monies placed out for the Benefit and better Security of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery $' and which Fund shall be applied to answer the Demands of the said Suitors of the said Court of Chancery, in ease it shall at any time be necessary to call in any Money of the said Suitors, which hath been or may be placed out on Securities.

VIII. And be it further enactfd, That it shall be lawful to and for the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, or Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal of Great Britain for the time being, by any Order or Orders of the said Court of Chancery, to change the Security or Securitiea or any Part of the Securities purchased or to be purchased pursuant to the fever3 Acts of Parliament hereinbefore mentioned or referred to, or pursuant to this Act.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared, That for and notwithstanding any of the Provision8 contained in this Act, if at any time hereafter the Whole or any Part of the Money placed out pursuant to the said several Acts of Parliament, or any of them, or to be placed out in pursuance of this Act, shall be wanted to answer any of the Demands of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery, then and in

13 such

A.D. 1818. 5&° GEORGII III. lxxx — lxxxvii.

such case the said Court may and shall direct the Whole or any Part of such Money to be called in, and the Securities in which the fame and the surplus Interest and Dividends hereinbefore mentioned shall be placed, to be sold and disposed of, in order that the Suitors of the said Court may at all times be paid their respective Demands out of the common and general Calli belonging to such Suitors*

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall prejudice, delay, binder or prevent any Reform or Abolition of all or any of the Offices herein mentioned, by any Person or Persons having Authority to reform or abolish the same.

XI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

Cap. lxxxi.

An Act for paving the Footways, and cleansing, lighting and watching the Streets, in the Town of Monmouth.

[3d June 1818.]

Cap. lxxxii.

An Act to continue the Term and enlarge the Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road at or near Beckhampton9 and other Roads in the said Act mentioned, in the County of Wilts, (e)

[$d June 1818.]

[Former Tolls made to eeafe. New Tolls granted.]

Cap. lxxxiii.

An Act for lighting the Borough of Kidderminster9 in the Country of Worcester, with Gas.

[5th June 1818. J^.. Cap. lxxxiv.

An Act for lighting with Gas the City of Worcester, and the Liberties, Precincts and Suburbs thereof \ and those Parts of the several Parishes of Saint Peter tie Great, Saint Martin, Saint Michael in BedwartHuef Saint John in Bedwardinet Claims and Saint Clement, which lie contiguous to, but without the Liberties of the said City and in the County of Worcester.

[5th June 1818.]

Cap. lxxxv.

An Act for better supplying the Inhabitants of the Town of Monmouth with Water.

[5th June ill 8.]

Cap. lxxxvi.

An Act for building a Chapel of Ease in the Township of Pendleton and Parish ol Eccles, in the County palatine of Lancaster. [ 10th June 1818.]

Cap. lxxxvii.

An Act for lighting with Gas the Town of Brighthelmftone9 in the County of Sujfen.

[10th June 1818.]

*1

4 M 4

PRIVATE

635

Proviso for Reform, &c. of Offices.

[Public Act.]

39 0.3. c. xliau continued for 21 Years, &c.

Pr.C.i — 9. 58° GEORGII III. A.D. 1818.

PRIVATE ACTS,

PRINTED BY THE KING'S PRINTER,

AND WHEREOF THE PRINTED COPIES MAY BE GIVEN IN EVIDENCE.

N.B. To each of theft Acts is annexed a Clause in the Form following:

" And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the several Printers to The King's Most " Excellent Majesty, duly authorized to prin* the Statutes of the United Kingdom, and that a Copy thereof,< so printed by any of them, shall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Justices and others."

Cap.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Cranford, in the County of Middlesex.

[17th March 1818.]

Cap. 2.

An Act for enabling the Trustees a ding under Letters Patent granted by King Charles the Second, to dispose of certain old Almshouses and other rremifes, held in Trust for the Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, in the County of Middlesex; and for veiling Part of the new Burial Ground belonging to the said Parish, at or near Camden Town, in the said Trustees, as a Site for erecting new Almihouies thereon; and for other Purposes.

[8th May 1818.]

Cap. 3.

An Act for inclosing Lands within the Parish of Laverstock, including the Tithing of Ford, in the County of Wilts.

[8th May 1818.]

Cap. 4.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Damerham South, in the County of Wilts.

[8th May 1818.]

Cap. 5.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Warfop, in the County of Nottingham.

[8th May 1818.]

(t Commissioners to ascertain the value of Tithes, £22. Allotments in lieu of Tithes, §23. Declaring the " Exoneration of Tithes. Tithes payable till Possession of Allotments delivered, f 24.

Cap. 6.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Thelnetham, in the County of Suffolk.

[8th May 1818.]

" Commissioners to set the Tithes in Thelnetham for the first Three Years, §33.

Cap. 7.

An Act for inclosing Lands in Middop, otherwise Midhope, in the Parish of EcclesJUld, in the County of York.

[8th May 1818.]

Parties enabled to agree for a Commutation of Tithes before execution of Award, §28.

Cap. 8.

An Act for inclosing Lands in Oxfpring, in the Parish of Pemjlone, and County of York.

[8th May i 818.3 c< Parties enabled to agree on a Commutation for Tithes before execution of Award, §30. Allotments to " Tithe Owners to be ring fenced, §31.

Cap. 9.

An Act for inclosing Lands within the Manor of Ainjiable, in the Parish of Ainflable, in the County of Cumberland.

[8th May 1818.]

u Allotment to the Vicar for Tithes, f 17. Allotment for Tithes of Hay, Wood Lands, See. §23.

11 Cap.

A.D. 181 8.

v58° GEORGII III.

Pr. C. io — -2i

Cap. 10.

An Act to amend , an Act made in the Fifty third Year of His present Majesty, for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Isleworth, Hefton and, Twickenham) in the County of Middlesex.

[8th May 1818.]

Cap. n.

An Act for allotting Lands in the Parish of Note, in the County of Oxford.

[8th May 1818.]

Cap. 12. 5

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Erpingham, Colby, Banning bam and Ing worth, in the County of Norfolk.

[8th May 1818.]

M Compensation for Tithes of Allotments for Three Years to be fixed by Commissioners, §3a.

Cn/. 13.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Ittcringham, Quit on, Wick mere and Wood Dolling, in the County of Norfolk.

[8th Jftly 1818.]

Cap. 14.

An Act for inclosing Lands within the Parish of Great Melton, otherwise Melton Saint Mary, and All Saint/, in the County of Norfolk.

[8th May 1818.]

u Proviso for Right to Tithes, §48.

Cap. 15.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Moreton Valence, and in the Hamlet or Tithing of Putloe, in the Parish of Standish, both in the County of Gloucester.

[8th May 1818.]

Cap. 16.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Norbury, in the County of Derby.

[8th May 1818.]

Cap. 17.

An Act to amend and enlarge the Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Mar den, Sutton Saint Michael, Sutton Saint Nicholas and Withington, and certain Chapelries* Townshipa and Parishes adjacent thereto, in the County of Hereford.

[8th May 1818.]

w Commissioners empowered to ta «*Kat TitW .certain Larulaare and Tithes to be paid

" according to Declaration of Commissioners, §2.

Cap. 18.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of South Moreton, in the County of Berks [8th May 1818.]

" Allotment to Rector, See. in lieu of Tithes, §24. Compensation to be made in lieu of Tithes for old " Inclosures, where Owners have Dot Lands in Common Fields sufficient to discharge the fame, f 25. " Proviso for Rector's Right to Tithes claimed by John Sadgrove and John Kerby, §27. Tithes to remain " until a certain Period, j 28. Allotments to Rector in lieu of Tithes to be secured, §32.

Cap. 19.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Waljhom-le-Willows, in the County of Suffolk.

[8th May 1818.]

" Extinguishment of Tithes of Land on Allwood Green by the Act directed to be allotted to Trustees, §23.

Cap. 20.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Etton, in the Parish of Etton, in the East Riding of the County of York.

[8th May 1818.]

u Tithe Allotment, §17. Annual Rents as a further Compensation for Tithes ascertained, §18. When " the Tithes are to cease, §21. Modules or fixed Money Payments to continue payable, §22. Tithe

Allotments to be fenced, §28.

Cap. 21.

An Act to enable Peter Penniall, and others therein mentioned, to grant a Building Lease of certain Premisea situate in High Street, in the Parish of Saint Mary Newington, in the County of Surrey.

[Sth May 1818.]

Pr. C. 22 — 31

58° GEORGII 1IL

A.D. 1818.

Cap. 22.

An Act to Enable the Trustees of Saint PauPo School, in the City of London, to purchase Buildings and Land adjoining or near to the said School, for the better Accommodation of the Scholars, and for ether Purposes.

[23d May 1818.]

Cap. 23.

An Act to enable the Governors of the Free Grammar School of King Charles the Second, at Bradford in the County of York, to fell the old School House, and to fell certain Lands belonging to the said Foundation, and to apply the Money arising by such Sales in the Building of a new School House, and in the Purchase of other Estates, to be vested in the Governors on the Trulls of the said Charity, and to convey the Inheritance in Fee Simple, for building, upon xeferved Rents, or to make building Leafea of certain Parts of the Estates of the said School; and also to enable the Governors to increase the number of Masters, and allow proper Salaries, and for enlarging the Trulls and Powers of the said Governors.

[23d May 1818.]

Cap. 24*'

An Act for effecting an Exchange of an Estate in the County of Norfolk, devised by the Will of Robert Harvey Esquire to John Harvey Esquire, under certain Limitations, for an Estate belonging to the said John Harvey Esquire, in Fee Simple, to be subjected to the like Limitations* [23d May 1818.]

Cap. 25.

An Act for dividing and allotting Lands in the Parish of Lakenheath, in the County of Suffolk.

(23d May 1818.]

u Lands allotted for Lands Tithe free or covered by a Modus, to be Tithe free or covered by such Modus.

Cap. 26.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Bradford, in the County of Wilts, [23d May 1818.]

Cap. 27.

An Act for amending an Act of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for dividing and inclosing Heworth Moor, in the Manor or Township of Heworth, in toe North Riding of the County of York; and for entire* guishing the Rights of Stray and Average over certain Lands, called Half Year Lands, situate in the Suburbs or ProcinSs of the City of York; and for extending the Provisions of the said Act» to the Inclosure of Certain Lands in th# Suburbs nr Pvaauida of the City- of 7r*L [23d May 1818.

Cap. 28.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Kilmcdnham, Saint Jams, Clondalkin, Crumlin, Newcastle and in the County of [23d May 1818.]

Cap. 29.

An Act for extinguilhiag a limited Right of Common over certain Coppices or Woodlands and Grounds in the Parish of Hurfbome Tarrant, in the County of Southampton $ and for allotting and letting out a Part of the fame, to be subject to a more extensive Right of Common, in lieu of the Right extinguished.

[23d May 1818.]

Cap. 30.

An Act for empowering Trafters to join, as to one undivided fourth Part of certain Estates deviled by the Will of Edward Barnard, Gentleman, deceased, in the Sale of the Entirety of the fame Estates, and to par*, chafe other Lands to be settled to the same Uses; and also for enabling the fame Trustees to join as to the fame undivided fourth Part in making a Partition of the fame Estates; and also for empowering certain Trustees to join in granting Leases of the Entirety of the fame Premises, and for other Purposes.

[28th May 1818»3

Cap. 31.

An Act for repealing^ Act passed in the Fifty third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for vesting Part of tie settled Estates of Sir Charles Knightley Baronet, which were aevifed by the Will of Lucy Knightley Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money arising thereby in the Purchase of other E/latcs to be settled in Ren thereof, and to toe fame Uses, and for other Purposes; and for veiling that Part and other Parts of the said settled Estates in other Trustees to be. Ibid.

and for applying Part of the Money arising thereby in the Discharge of certain Incumbrances thereon, and laying out the Residue of the fame Money in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses, 128th May 1818.]

Cap.

58° GEORGII III.

Pr. C. 32 — 39.

Cap. 32.

An Act to render effectual a Conveyance of the legal Fee as to a Moiety of certain Hereditaments in the Parishes of Llanidloes, Llangerrig and Llandinam, in the County of Montgomery, belonging to Robert Ingram Esquire. [*8th May 1818.]

Cap. 33.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Lytchet Mat ravers, and Lytcbet Minfier, in the County of Dorset [28th May 1818.]

Lands to be discharged of certain Tithes for first five Years after Improvement.

Cap 34*

An Act for effecting and establishing an Exchange between the Reverend Robert Philip Geodenough, Rector of Carlton in Lindriek, in the County of Nottingham, and Henry Gaily Knight Esquire, of Glebe and other Lands in Carlton aforesaid.

[3d June 1818.]

Cap. 35.

An Act for vesting in the surviving and new Trustees certain Estates and Property in Ireland, of the Most Honourable Walter Marquis and Earl of Ormonde in Ireland, and Baron Butler in England, which have not been (old or disposed of under and by virtue of Three Acts of Parliament, made in the Thirty fifth, Forty fifth, and Forty eighth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty.

[3d June 1818.]

Cap 3*

An Act for settling a Moiety of a yearly Rent of Four hundred Pounds, discharged from certain Entails created therein, upon William Danby Esquire, and Caroline his Wife, and their Issue.

[3d June 1818.]

Cap. 37.

An Act for confirming an Exchange of certain EHates in the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk, of which Sarah Hetherfett, Spin Her, is Tenant for Life under the Will of her late Uncle John Barber Esquire, for certain Estates in the said Counties to which the said Sarah Hetherfett and her Sifters Jane Maria Hemsworth

(Wife of Henry DfEJlerre Hemsworth Esquire), Ann Amelia Hetherfett Spinster, and Isabel Huntington Wife of John Marker Huntington Esquire), became entitled by Descent from their late Father James Hetherfett Esquire.

[5th June 1818.]

__ Cap 38.

An Act for effecting the Sale of the settled Freehold Estates of Thomas Leech the Elder, Esquire, situate in the Counties of Lincoln, Kent and Surrey, and for applying the Monies to arise by such Sale, in manner therein mentioned. [yth June 1818.]

Cap 39.

An Act for vesting certain Pieces or Parcels of Land, and other Hereditaments, belonging to Sidney Suffen College, in the University of Cambridge, in Trustees for Sale, with Powers to lease on Fines, and for applying the Purchase Monies, and Monies to arise from Fines, in manner therein mentioned.

[xotheAf*i 1818.)

[Index removed.]

THE

STATUTES at Large, &c.

Anno Regni GEORGII III. Britanniarum Regis, Quinquagesimo Nono.

AT the Parliament begun and holden at Westminster, the Fourteenth Day of January* Anno

1 Domini 1819, in the Fifty ninth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith;

being the First Session of the Sixth Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

CAP. I.

An Act to provide for the Care of His Majesty's Royal Person during the Continuance of His Majesty' Illness.

[12th February 1819.]

WHEREAS an Act passed in the Fifty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An g. 3. c. i<

Act to provide for the Administration of the Royal Authority, and for the Care of His Majesty's Royal

Person, during the Continuance of His Majesty's Illness; and for the Resumption of the Exercise rf the Royal Authority by His Madefy: And Whereas another Act passed in the Fifty second Year of the Reign of His pre-

lent Majesty, intituled An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty's Household, and enabling Her Majesty the g. 3. c. 8.

Queen to meet the increased Expence to which Her Majesty may be exposed during His Majesty's Indifpoftion, and for the Care of His Majesty's Real and Personal Property; and to amend an A 8 of the last Session of Parliament,

4 to provide for the Adminfration of the Royal Authority during His Majesty's Illness: And Whereas another Act passed in the, last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to alter and amend certain of the Provisions of an Act eg g 3 c. 90.

PaJfefinbe Fifty frf Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled ' An Act to provide for the Administration of the recited.

Royal Authority, and for the Care of His Majesty's Royal Person, during the Continuance of His Majesty's

Illness; and for the Resumption of the Exercise of the Royal Authority by His Majesty: 9 And Whereas it is expedient, in consequence of the Demise of Her late Most Excellent Majesty, that the Care bf His Majesty's

Royal Person, and of such Portion of His Majesty's Household as shall be deemed requisite and suitable to

the due Attendance upon His Majesty's Sacred Person, and the Maintenance of His Royal Dignity, should '

be committed to His Royal Highness Frederick Duke of York and Albany, during the Continuance of His Majesty's Indisposition : Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled,

and by the Authority of the same, That the Care of His Majesty's Royal Person, and the disposing, ordering Care of Hia and managing of all matters and things relating thereto, shall be and the same are hereby veiled in His Royal Majesty's Per-Highness the Duke of York and Albany, during the Continuance of His Majesty's Indisposition; and that the foie Direction of such Part of His Majesty's Household as shall be deemed requisite and suitable to the due Attendance upon His Majesty's Sacred Person, and the Maintenance of His Royal Dignity, shall be and is York* hereby vested in His said Royal Highness; and all such Officers of the Household, and such Number of Attendants and Servants as may be requisite and suitable for the due Attendance on His Majesty's Sacred Person, shall be under the foie Direction and Controul of His said Royal Highness, for the Care and Attendance upon His Majesty's Sacred Person, and the regulating, ordering and managing all things relating thereto; and His said Royal Highness shall have the full and foie Power and Authority to order and direct all matters and things relating to the Management of such Part of His Majesty's Household as shall be in Attendance upon His Majesty's Person, and the respective Duties and Attendances of all such Officers of the Household and Attendants and Servants aforesaid; and shall also have full Power and Authority, by any Instrument or who may in Instruments in Writing signed and sealed by His said Royal Highness, to remove, nominate and appoint, in uniting appoint the Name and on the behalf of His Majesty, all the Persons who shall be in Attendance upon His Majesty's 0cer8>c* Person, and in like manner to supply all Vacancies arising by Removal, Resignation or Death of any such Officers of the Household or Attendants, and Servants or Persons aforesaid; except such as heretofore have 59 Geo. III. 4 O been

Proviso for Appointments in the Lore Chamberlain, &c.

Appointment by Power of Officers of the Household limited.

Appointment of Council to assist the Duke of York.

Proviso for Death or declining to act of any of the Council.

Members of the Council to take the following Oath.

Oath.

Council, or any Three of them, may examine the Physicians and others upon Oath.

Council to meet, and to declare the State of His Majesty's Health; and transmit a Copy of such Declaration to President of Privy Council, &c.

When it shall appear to the Duke and the Council, or any

C.I. 59° GEORGII III. A.D. 1819.

1mmLtd Chamberlain, or Lord Steward of His Majesty's Household,

or the Matter of His Majesty's Robes, respectively; and the First Gentleman of His Majesty's Bedchamber, commonly called The Groom of the Stole, appointed to attend upon His Majesty's Person, shall nominate and appoint to all such Vacancies as shall arise by Removal, Resignation or Death of any such Officers, Attendants or Servants aforesaid as have heretofore been nominated or appointed by the Lord Chamberlain or Lord Steward respectively of His Majesty's Household, or by The Maltenof the Horse to His Majesty; and such Groom of the Stole shall have all such Jurisdiction, Power and Authority over such Officers, Attendants and Servants, as have heretofore been and are now usually exercised by the Lord Chamberlain and Lord Steward of His Majesty's Hbufehold respectively, and by The Matter of the Horse to His Majesty.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall no* be Ifewftil so* any Officer in His Majesty's Household, who is by this Aftfc pnU^und*r the Direction of His said Royal HigJkneIsrto make any Appoint-nwnt to aay Office* to which such Officer may have the Power of Appointment, for any lbnger Period than during His Majesty's Pleasure.

III. And Whereas the Execution of the weighty and arduous Trusts by this Act committed to His Royal 1 Highness, may require the Assistance of a Council, with whom His Royal Highness may consult £nd advise; T Be it therefore enacted, That in order to assist and advise His said Royal Highness in the several matters aforesaid, there shall be, during the Continuance of His Majesty's Illness, a Council confiding of all the Persons who were. Members of the Council to Her late Most Excellent Majesty, under the said recited Acts, who may be living at the time of passing this Act, and also Jolm Jeffreys Marquess Camden, in the Room and Place of Edward Lord Ellenborough deceased; which Council shall from time to time meet as His Royal Highness shall be pleased to direct, and shall also have Power to meet in manner by this Act directed; and if it should happen that any of the Members of such Council should depart this Life, or by Instrument in Writing communicated to His said Royal Highness, signify their Intention to decline to act, then and in such case it shall be lawful for His Royal Highness the Duke of York and Albany y from time to time, by an Instrument iir Writing, signed and sealed by His said Royal Highness, revocable at His Will and Pleasure, to nominate and appoint some One Person, being or having been a Member of His Majesty's Most Honourable Privy-Council, to be a Member of the said Council to His said Royal Highness, to advise and assist His said Royal Highness as aforesaid, in the Room and Place of each and every of the said Councillors so departing this Life, or declining to act as aforesaid; which Nomination and Appointment shall be forthwith certified, by an Instrument in Writing signed and sealed by His said Royal Highness, to the Lords of His Majesty's Most Honourable Privy Council, and shall be entered in the Books of the said Privy Council.

IV. And be it further enacted, That each and every Member of Hia said Royal Highness's Council shall, within the Space of Ten Days after his Appointment by virtue of this Act, or by virtue of His Royal Highness's Nomination and Appointment in manner aforesaid, take an Oath before the Lord High Chancellor or Keeper of the Great Seal, or Commissioners for keeping the Great Seal of Great Britain, or the Lord President of His Majesty's Privy Council, or the Chief Justice of the Court of King's Bench for the time being, respectively, or either of them, who are hereby severally and respectively required and empowered to administer the same, when required so to do by any Person so appointed a Member of His said Royal Highness's Council as aforesaid; and the Person administering such Oath shall give to the Member of His Royal Highness's Council taking the fame, a Certificate of the fame having been so taken, signed with his Hand, which Certificate shall be forthwith transmitted to His Majesty's Privy Council; and such Oath shall be in the Form foftowing; (that is to say),

I A.B. do solemnly promise and swear, That I will truly and faithfully counsel and advise His Royal ' Highness the Duke of York and Albany, according to the best of my Judgment, in all matters and things ' relating to the Trusts committed to His Royal Highness, touching the Care of His Majesty's Royal Person,

and the Resumption of the personal Exercise of the Royal Authority by His Majesty.'

V. And be it further enacted, That His said Royal Highness's Council, or any Three or more of them, shall have Power and Authority, at all times, when they shall judge it necessary, to meet and call before them, and to examine upon Oath, the Physicians, and all other Persons attendant on His Majesty during the Continuance of His Majesty's Illness, touching the State of His Majesty's Health, and all matters relating thereto, (which Oath any Member of the said Council is hereby authorised and empowered to administer, ) and to ascertain the State of His Majesty's Health by all such other ways and means as shall appear to them to be necessary for that purpose.

VI. And be it further enacted, That Three or more of the Members of the Council appointed to assist His said Royal Highness in the Execution of the Trusts committed to His said Royal Highness by this Act, shall, in case such Trusts shall then be in force, meet on some Day in the First Week of April next, and the same Day in the First Week of every Third Month thereafter; and shall, whilst the said Trusts shall continue in force, at every such Meeting declare the State of His Majesty's Health at the time of each of such Meetings respectively; and shall forthwith transmit a Copy of such Declaration to the President of His Majesty's Most Honourable Privy Council, or in his Absence to One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, who shall thereupon cause the same to be inserted in the Books of the Privy Council.

VII. And Whereas it is necessary that effectual Provision should be made that His Majesty may resume the

personal Exercise of His Royal Authority as soon as His Majesty is restored to such a State of Health as to 1 be capable of resuming the fame; Be it therefore enacted, That when it shall appear to His Royal Highness the Duke of York and Albany, and to any Four or more of the Council appointed by this Act to assist

His

A.D. 1819. 59° GEORGII III.

C.

1.

647

Council and entered in their Books.

His said Royal Highness in the Execution of the Trust committed to His said Royal Highness by this Act, Four of them, assembled at any Meeting held in pursuance of His said Royal Highness'a Will and Pleasure signifred for that His Ma-purpose, or assembled under the Direction of this Act, or in p irrfuance of His Majesty's Royal Will and*5

Pleasure signified to His said Royal Highness and his Council for that purpose, which Council of His said ^metotenotiL Royal Highness is hereby required to assemble in the Presence of His said Royal Highness, upon His Ma- fied to the Privy jesty's Royal Will and Pleasure being signified for that purpose, that His Majesty is restored to such a State of Health as to be capable of resuming the personal Exercise of the Royal Authority, it shall and may be lawful for His said Royal Highness, by the Advice of any Four or more of His said Coancil, to notify the fame by an Instrument under His Royal Highness's Hand, and signed also by the said Four or more of His find Royal Highness's Council, and addreffea by the Lord President of His Majesty's Most Honourable Privy Council for the time being, or in his Absence to One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State; and the said Lord President or Secretary-of State shall and is hereby required, on the Receipt thereof, to communicate the same to His Royal Highness The Prince Regent, and to summon forthwith a Privy Council; and the Members of His Majesty's Most Honourable Privy Council are hereby required to assemble in consequence of such Summons; and the said Lord President, or in his Absence the said Secretary of State, is required, in the Presence of any Four or more Privy Councillors so assembled, to cause the said Instrument to be entered on the Books of the said Privy Council.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if at any time after the said Instrument under the Hand of His said After such Royal Highness, and of Four or more of His said Council, shall have been received and entered as aforesaid,

His Majesty shall think proper, by an Instrument under His Sign Manual, to require the Lord President of His Majesty's Most Honourable Privy Council for the time being, or in his Absence One of His Majesty's nuB\t require Principal Secretaries of State, to summon a Council in His Majesty's Presence, confiding of any Number of the Privy Persons not less than Nine whom His Majesty (hah name, and who shall be, or who shall have been Members Council to of His Majesty's Most Honourable Privy Council, not being Members of His said Royal Highness's Council, the said Lord President or Secretary of State shall and he is nereby required to summon such Persons accord- jJiembere Gf ingly; and as well the said Lord President or Secretary of State, as the other Persons so summoned, shall and the Duke's they are hereby required to attend at the time and Place appointed by His Majesty; and such Persons so Council, assembled shall be and be deemed to be a Privy Council for the purpose herein after mentioned.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if His Majesty, by the Advice of Six or more of such Privy Council Powers of Act

so assembled, shall signify His Royal Pleasure to resume the personal Exercise of His Royal Authority, and de-

to issue a Proclamation declaring the fame, such Proclamation shall be issued accordingly, countersigned by the ciari^fby laid Six or more of the said Privy Council; and all the Powers and Authorities given by this Act shall from Proclamation, thenceforth cease and determine; and the personal Exercise of the Royal Authority by His Majesty shall, not- his Resumption withstanding any thing in this Act, or in the said recited A6fcs, or any of them, contained or provided, be andh* Roy*i be deemed to be resumed by His Majesty, and shall be exercised by His Majesty to all Intents and purposes, as Authority-

if this Act had never beep made.

X. And be it further enacted, That in case of the Death of His said Royal Highness the Duke of York In ewe of

and Albany, during the time that the Care of His Majesty's Person shall be committed to His said Royal ^uke oMfork Highness, according to the Provisions of this Act, the Care of His Majesty's Royal Person, and all and every of Hla

the Powers and Authorities in and by this Act vested in His said Royal Highness, touching the Care of His Majesty's Per- Majesty's Royal Person, and the disposing, ordering and managing all matters and things relating thereto, son vested in shall become and continue vested in His said Royal Highness's Council until due Provision shall have been made Duk«*s

in relation thereto by Parliament: Provided nevertheless, that in such case nothing in this Act contained shall p°o^QnU^de extend, or be construed to extend, to empower His Royal Highness The Prince Regent, or the said Council, by°ParUarnenU to nominate, appoint or remove any of the Officers or Persons of His Majesty's Household, by this Act proviso for made subject to the Nomination, Appointment or Removal of His Royal Highness the Duke of York and Continuance of Albany, until due Provision shall have been made by Parliament in that Behalf. - Officers.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if His Royal Highness the Duke of York and Albany should depart And in such this Life during the time that the Care of His Majesty's Person shall be committed to His said Royal High- c^t

nefo, according to the Provisions of this Act, and the Parliament in being at the time shall then be separated,

His Royal Highness The Prince Regent shall forthwith oause to be issued and published a Proclamation, under f0rthe Meeting the Great Seal of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, declaring that such case hath happened, of Parliament, and requiring the said Parliament to meet and fit at WeJlnunjUr at the Day to which such Parliament had been: Ti'-

adjourned or prorogued, or upon some Day to be mentioned in such Proclamation, and being within Eighty Days, to be computed from the Date of such Proclamation $ and the Parliament shall thereby be deemed and taken to be duly prorogued to such Day so to be mentioned in such Proclamation.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if such case as aforesaid shall happen, and there shall be no Parlia- Regulations for raent in being at the time, and the same shall happen before the Day appointed by any Writs of Summons then calling a new issued for calling and assembling a new Parliament, then and in such case His Royal Highness The Prince Regent shall forthwith cause to be issued and published a Proclamation, under the Great Seal aforesaid, dfc- pe^daring that such case hath happened, and requiring such new Parliament to convene and fit at Weshmnfler, Day appointed either upon the Day appointed by such Writs of Summons for assembling the new Parliament, or upon some by Writs of Day to be mentioned in such Proclamation, and being within Eighty Days, to be computed from the Date of Summons; such Proclamation; and in such latter case, upon the Day appointed by the said Writs of Summons for assembling the new Parliament, the some shall in the due and accustomed manner be prorogued to such Day so to be mentioned in such Proclamation.

4 O a

XIII. And in case the Parliament be not sitting.

648 C.i, 2, 3. 59° GEORGII III. A.D. 1819.

or where the Event shall happen upon or after the Day appointed by Writ of Summons.

In what cases this Act not to alter or affect former Acts for meeting of Parliament, in case of the Demise of the King, &c.

Act may be altered. &c. this Session.

XIII. And be it enacted, That if such case as aforesaid shall happen upon or after the Day appointed by any Writ of Summons then issued for calling and assembling a new Parliament, and before such new Parliament shall have met and fat as a Parliament, then and in mch case His Royal Highness The Prince Regent shall forthwith cause such a Proclamation as aforesaid to be issued and published, declaring that such case hath happened, and requiring the new Parliament either to convene and fit at Westminster immediately after such Proclamation shall have been published, or upon some Day to be mentioned in such Proclamation, and being within Eighty Days, to be computed from the Date of the said Proclamation; and in each case the Parliament so convemng and fitting shall be and be deemed to be a Parliament to all Intents and purposes, under the Provisions of this Act.

XIV. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing herein contained, nor any Act which shall be done by virtue hereof, shall be deemed or taken to repeal, or in any manner to alter or affect, otherwise than is herein expressly provided, the Provisions of any Act or Acts of Parliament heretofore passed and now in force, so far as the fame regulate, require or provide for the meeting, convening and fitting of Parliament, in case of the Demise of His Majesty, or His Heir or Heirs, Successor or Successors, or in case The Regent shall depart this Life or cease to be Regent, or to repeal, alter or affect the Provision heretofore made by any Act now in force, for shortening the time which had before been required for giving Notice of the Royal Intention that the Parliament should meet and be holden for the Dispatch of Business.

XV. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, varied or repealed by any Act or Acts to be passed in this Session of Parliament.

CAP. II.

An Act for reviving and further continuing, until the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, an Act made in the Fifty first Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to extend an Act made in the Eighteenth Year of His late Majesty King George the Second, to explain and amend the Laws touching the Elections of the Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for England, respecting the Expences of Huflings and Poll Clerks, so far as regards the City of Westminster. [ 1 ath February 1819.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that an Act, passed in the Fifty first Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to extend an Act made in the Eighteenth Year of His late Majesty King George the Second, to

' explain and amend the Laws touching the Elections of Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for England,

respecting the Expences of the Huflings and Poll Clerks, so far as regards the City of Westminster, which was 53 G. 3. c. 15a;continued by an Act made in the Fifty third Year of His present Majesty, until the First Day of January

One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, should be revived and further continued Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Tem-

51 G. 3. c. 126. poral, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said revived. Act, and all the Provisions thereof, shall be and the same are and is hereby revived.

Continuance of

II. And be it further enacted, That the said Act, and all the Provisions thereof, shall continue and be in this Act. force until the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and nineteen.

Act altered.

III. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, amended or repealed during the present

Sec. tins Ses- Session of Parliament.

uon.

CAP. III.

An Act for continuing to His Majesty certain Duties on Malt, Sugar, Tobacco and Snuff, in Great Britain; and on Pensions, Offices and Personal Estates, in England; for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and nineteen. Q18th February 1819.]

[This Act is the same as 58 G. 3. c. 3. except as to Dates, and as to the Sessions that are here retained. Duties upon Sugar imported, to be accounted for and applied according to this Act, c. 52. §10. pof. Proviso for Duties of this Act on Malty Tobacco and Snuff, c. 53. §2. pof."]

Commissioners

XIX. And be it further enacted, That for the better assessing, ordering, levying and collecting of the of Land Tax several Sums of Money so as last aforesaid limited and appointed to be raised and paid in the aforesaid Part of

appointed by^Great Britain called England, Wales and Berwick upon Tweed, in respect of Personal Estates, and in respect

and 55 G. 3?*Offices or Employments of Profit and Annuities, Pensions, Stipends and other yearly Payments, and for c. 150. shall put the more effectual putting this Act in Execution in reference to the fame, all and every the Person and Persons this Act in who, in and by an Act of Parliament made and passed in the Fifty fourth Year of His Majesty's Reign, inti-

Execution. tilled An Act for appointing^ Commissioners for carrying into Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, for granting to His Majesty a Duty on Persons and Offices in England, and an Act made in the Thirty eighth Year of His present Majesty, for granting an Aid to His majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for toe Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety eight; or in and by one other Act made in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for reSifying Mistakes in the Names of toe Land Tax Commissioners, and for appointing additional Commissioners, and indemnifying such Persons as have a8ed without due Authority in Execution of the Acts therein recited; were named and appointed Commissioners for putting in Execution the fame Acts within the several Counties, Ridings, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque Ports, To qualify as Towns, Divisions and Places of England, Wales and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, duly qualifying themselves \ y2 — C* acc°rding to the said Act passed in the Thirty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An

A.D. 1819. 59° GEORGII III. C. 3, 4, 5. 649

Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax to be rasfed in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety eight, in that behalf, shall be Commissioners for putting in Execution this present Act, and the Powers therein contained, within and for all and every the Parishes, Constablewicks, Divisions, Allotments and Places situate within the same Counties, Ridings, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque Ports,

Towns, Divisions and Places respectively, unless before the Day herein after appointed for the First Meeting of the Commissioners for putting this Act into Execution, some Act or Acts of Parliament shall be passed for naming and appointing special Commissioners for putting into Execution this present Act, in which case no Person or Persons shall be empowered by virtue of any Nomination or Appointment by any former Act, or by this Act, to act as a Commissioner for putting this present Act into Execution.

XXXIV. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That this Act or any thing herein contained The Royal shall not charge or be construed to charge any of the Royal Family for or in respect of any Annuities or yearly Payments granted to their Royal Highnesses; but that such Sums of Money, Annuities or yearly Qf m

Payments, and their Royal Highnesses, and their Treasurers, Receivers General, and Servants for the time Annuities, being, in respect of the lame, mall be free and clear from all Taxes, Impositions and other Charges whatsoever: Provided also, that this Act, or any of the several Clauses herein contained, shall not extend to charge Superannuated the Pensions of any Superannuated Commission or Warrant Sea or Land Officer, or the Pensions of Widows of Sea or Land Officers flain in the Service of the Crown; or the Revenue of the Most Noble Order of the Jfe1 Garter; or the Pensions of the Poor Knights of Windsor, payable out of the Exchequer only; or to charge'a certain Pension of One hundred Pounds, granted by the late King Charles the Second to the Poor Clergy of the Isle of Man; or to charge the Pensions or Salaries of His Majesty's Pages of Honour, or of the Officers and Persons employed or to be employed in collecting the Tolls and Duties payable by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament for making, repairing or maintaining any Public Roads, by reason of their said Offices or Employments, or any Salary arising thereby.

CAP. IV.

An Act for raising the Sum of Twenty Millions, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and nineteen.

[23d March 1819.]

" TREASURY may raise 20, 000, ooool. by Exchequer Bills, in like manner as is prescribed by 48 G. 3.

c. 1. — §1. Clauses, &c. in recited Act extended to this Act. §2. Treasury to apply the Money raised. §3.

" Exchequer Bills to be payable out of the Supplies for next Session. §4. Interest 3^d .per Cent. per Diem. $ 5.

Exchequer Bills to be current at the Exchequer after April5, 1820. §6. Bank of England may advance 44 15, 000, 0001. on the Credit of this Act, notwithstanding the Act 5 & 6 W. & M. — §7.

CAP. V.

An Act to ascertain the Tonnage of Vessels propelled by Steam* [23d March 1819.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled 13 G. 3. c. 74.

An Act for the better ascertaining the Tonnage and Burthen of Ships and Vessels importing and exporting § I#

Goods into and from this Kingdom, or hovering upon the Coqjls thereof; for amending so much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for lowering the Duty payable upon the Importation of Oak Bark, as relates to the suing for the Penalties and Forfeitures thereby infiided in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland; for appropriating the Duty on Oak Bark, granted by the said Act; and for obviating Doubts which have arisen with respect to the allowing the Drawback upon certain Callicoes; and the Bounty upon British made Cordage exported to the Islands of Madeira, the Canary Islands, and the Azores or Western Islands; and by another Act, passed in the Twenty6 G. 3. c. 6<v

sixth Yelr of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the further Increase and Encouragement of $l

Shipping and Navigation, certain Rules are settled and established for ascertaining the Tonnage of Ships or

Vessels for the purposes therein mentioned: And Whereas Ships or Vessels have been built and constructed to be propelled by Steam, and the Rules prescribed by the before recited Act are not suitable to ascertain the true Tonnage of such Ships or Vessels Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Rule for admeasuring Ships or Vessels to be propelled by How the Ton-Steam shall be as follows; that is to say, the Length shall be taken on a straight Line along the Rabbet of the Keel of Vessels of the Ship, from the Back of the Main Stern Foft to a perpendicular Line from the Forepart of the Main Stem

under the Bowsprit, from which deducting the Length of the Engine Room and fubtrafting Three fifths of the Breadth, the Remainder shall be esteemed the just Length of the Keel to find the Tonnage; and the

Breadth shall be taken from the Outside of the outside Plank in the broadest Place of the Ship or Vessel, be

it either above or below the Main Wales, exclusive of all manner of Doubling Planks that may be wrought

upon the Sides of the Ship or Vessel; then multiplying the Length of the Keel by the Breadth lo taken, and

that Product by Half the Breadth, and dividing the Whole by Ninety four, the Quotient shall be deemed the

true Contents of the Tonnage, according to which Rule the Tonnage of all such Ships and Vessels shall be

measured and ascertained 5 any thing in any Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always. No Goods to

that it shall not be lawful to stow or place any Goods (Fuel for the Voyage excepted}, in the said Engine be stowed in

Room; and if any Goods shall be so flowed or placed, such Ship or Vessel shall from tnenceforth be deemed

and taken to be a Ship or Vessel which has not been admeasured according to the Rules of this Act, and liable pueTforShe

to all the Consequences thereof. Voyage.

650 C. 6, 7.

59° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1819.

Rewards not

f xceeding act. awarded by the Commissioners of Customs or Excise to Officers, &c. of the Army or Navy, to be divided as His Majesty shall appoint by Order in Council or by Proclamation.

Where Articles are formed by the Hammer, Manufacturers to have the Privilege of marking them with the Figure of a Hammer.

Persons having manufactured Articles in their Possession, empowered to mark the same with the Figure of a Hammer.

Persons caging Cutlery Wares, Edge Tools,

CAP. VI.

An Act to enable His Majesty to dire£fc the Distribution of any Reward awarded by the Commissioners of the Customs or Excise to the Officers of the Army, Navy or Marines, for apprehending Smugglers, in such manner as His Majesty shall be pleased to appoint.

[23d March 1819.]

WHEREAS by the Laws now in force for the Prevention of Smuggling, it is lawful for the Com-

YV missioners of Customs or Excise of England, Scotland and Ireland, respectively, and they are thereby' ' required, in certain cases, to award to every Officer or other Person arresting any Person for Breach of those Laws, so that he shall be convicted or committed to Prison on account thereof, any Sum not exceeding

Twenty Pounds for each Man so convicted or committed to Prison: And Whereas it is expedient that His Majesty should be empowered in certain cases to direct the Distribution of such Reward by His Order or Orders in Council, or by His Royal Proclamation in that behalf, in such manner as He shall be pleased

thereby to appoint* Be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That in all cases wherein the Commissioners of the Customs or Excise of England* Scotland and Ireland, respectively, shall award any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds as aforesaid, to any Officer or Officers, Non Commissioned Officers, Petty Officers, Seamen or Privates of His Majesty's Army, Navy or Marines, or acting under the Orders of the Lord High Admiral, or of the Commissioners for executing the Office of the Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, for any Person arrested, convicted or committed to Prison as aforesaid, the same shall be divided and distributed in such Proportions, and according to such Rules, Regulations and Orders, as His Majesty shall by His Order or Orders in Council, or by His Royal Proclamation m that behalf, be pleased to direct and appoint.

CAP. VII.

An Act to regulate the Cutlery Trade in England.

[23d March 1819.]

WHEREAS Knives, Forks, Razors, Scissors, Shears, and other Cutlery Wares, Edge Tools and Hardware requiring a cuttingEdge, forged and formed of Wrought Steel, and Iron and Steel, have for many Years been a great Branch of Trade in England; and such Articles being esteemed in Foreign Countries for their superior Quality, great Quantities thereof have been sent to Foreign Markets: And Whereas a Practice prevails of casting or forming in a Mould from Cast Iron, Knives, Knife Blades, Forks, Razors, Razor Blades, Scissors, Shears, and other Articles of Cutlery, Edge Took and Hardware requiring a cutting Edge, and some of such Articles are, by a Chemical Process, previous to the frniffiing and poliffiing thereof, made to resemble so nearly the like Sort of Articles wrought of Steel, and Iron and Steel, as scarcely to be distinguisfiable from Wrought Steel, and Iron and Steel, even by Persons (killed in the Manufactory of Cutlery, Edge Tools and Hardware Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this ASt it shall be lawful for all and every Person and Persons who shall make, forge, form or manufacture, or cause, direct or procure to be made, forged, formed or manufactured, by means of the Hammer, any Knives, Knife Blades, Forks, Razors, Razor Blades, Scissors, Shears, and other Articles of Cutlery, Edge Tools and Hardware requiring a cutting Edge, of Wrought Steel, or of Iron and Steel, to mark, strike, stamp, grave or impress, or cause, direct or procure to be marked, (truck, damped, graved or impressed, in or upon any Part of every such Knives, Knife Blades, Forks, Razors, Razor Blades, Scissors, Shears, and other Articles of Cutlery, Edge Tools and Hardware requiring a cutting Edge, so forged aBd formed by means of the Hammer, of Wrought Steel, and of Iron and Steel, the Figure or Form of a Hammer, at any time, and not at any other time except as herein after provided, after the forging, and previous to the fame respectively being ground or poliffied, so as to denote that such Knives, Knife Blades, Forks, Razors, Razor Blades, Scissors, Shears, and other Articles of Cutlery, Edge Tools and Hardware requiring a cutting Edge, are so formed by means of the Hammer, of Wrought Steel, and Iron and Steel, and fe as to distinguisfi the fame Articles from such Articles cast or formed in a Mould, or otherwise than by means of the Hammer.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for all and every Person and Persons who shall, on the passing of this Act, have in his, her or their Custody or Possession, any Knives, Knife Blades, Forks, Razors, Razor Blades, Scissors, Shears, and other Articles of Cutlery, Edge Took and Hardware requiring a cutting Edge, made, forged, formed or manufactured by means of the Hammer, of Wrought Steel, or of Iron and Steel, at any time within the Space of Six Calendar Months next after the passing of this Act, to mark, strike, stamp, grave or impress, or cause, direct or procure to be marked, (truck, damped* graved or impressed, in and upon any Part of such Knives, Knife Blades, Forks, Razors, Razor Blades, Scissors, Shears, and other Articles of Cutlery, Edge Tools and Hardware requiring a cutting Edge, Co forged and formed by Means of the Hammer, of Wrought Steel, and of Iron and Steel, so in his, her or their Possession, the Figure or Form of a Hammer, so as to denote that such Knives, Knife Blades, Forks, Razors, Razor Blades, Scissors, Shears, and other Articks of Cutlery, Edge Tools and Hardware requiring a cutting Edge, were so formed by means of the Hammer, of Wrought Steel, or of Iron and Steel, and so as to distinguisfi the fame Articles from such Articles cast or formed in a Mould or otherwise than by means of the Hammer.

III. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons to cast, mark, strike, stamp, grave or impreis, or cause, direct or procure to be cast,

marked.

A.D. 1819. 59° GEORGII III. C. 7. 651

marked, ft ruck, stamped, graved-or impressed, in or upon any Part of any Knives, Knife Blades, Forks, Razors, and Hardware Razor Blades, Scifiors, Shears, or any other Cutlery Articles whatsocrver, Edge Tools or Hardware requiring*

a cutting Edge, which shall be cast or formed in a Mould, or formed otherwise than by means of the Hammer, either at the time of caftrog or forming such Articles in the Mould, or otherwise than by means of the Hammer,

or subsequently thereto, and previous to the bond side Sale thereof to the User, the Figure or Form of a Figure of a Hammer, or any Symbol or Device resembling a Hammer, or haring any Similitude thereto, nor to have in Hammer, ftf. His, her or their Possession, for the purpose of Sale, nor to fell, expose or off^r to sale, or canfe, direct or procure to be sold, exposed or offered to sale, any Knives, Knife Blades, Forks, Razors, Razor Blades,

Scifiors, Shears, and other Articles of Cutlery, Edge Tools and Hardware requiring a cutting Edge, which having in Pos-shall have been cast or formed in a Mould, or otherwise than by means of the Hammer, having marked or session or sell-strack thereon the Figure or Form of a Hammer, or any Symbol or Device resembling a Hammer, or having i*g, &c. stieU any Similitude thereto; and all and every Person and Persons who shall cast, mark, strike, stamp, grave or Cast Articles s» impress, or cause, dire6f or procure to be cast, marked, struck, stamped, graved or impressed, in or upon any marke<i*

Part of any Knives, Knife Blades, Forks, Razors, Razor Blades, Scissors, Shears, and other Articles of Persena offend-Cutlery, Edge Tools and Hardware requiring a cutting Edge, which shall have been cast or formed in a "fr Mould, or otherwise than by means of the Hammer, either at the time of calling or forming thereof, or subsequently thereto, and previous to the bond Jide Sale thereof to the User, the Figure or Form of a Hammer, or any Symbol or Device resembling a Hammer, or having any Similitude thereto; or who shall have in his, her or their Possession for the purpose of Sale, or who shall fell, expose or offer to sale, or cause, direct or procure to be sold, exposed or offered to sale, any Knives, Knife Blades, Forks, Razors, Razor Blades,

Scissors, Shears, and other Articles of Cutlery, Edge Tools and Hardware requiring a cutting Edge, which shall have been cast or formed in a Mould, or otherwise than by means of the Hammer, having marked or struck thereon the Figure or Form of a Hammer, or any Symbol or Device resembling a Hammer, or having any Similitude thereto, shall, in all and every the cases aforesaid, forfeit all and every such Knives, Penalty.

Knife Blades, Forks, Razors, Razor Blades, Scissors, Shears, and other Articles of Cutlery, Edge Tools and Hardware requiring a cutting Edge, having thereon the Figure or Form of a Hammer, or any Symbol or Device resembling a Hammer, or having any Similitude thereto, together with the Sum of Five Pounds for any Quantity not exceeding One Dozen of such Articles so marked, struck, fold or exposed to Sale; and for any Quantity of such Articles exceeding One Dozen, Five Pounds for every One Dozen thereof; such Sum and Sums respectively to be levied, recovered and applied as herein after directed.

IV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act it shall not be lawful for any Person to Person or Persons to cast, mark, strike, stamp, grave or impress, or cause, direct or procure to be call, mark any marked, struck, stamped, graved or impressed, in or upon any Part of any Knives, Knife Blades, Forks, Knives, &c. Razors, Razor Blades, Scissors, Shears, and other Articles of Cutlery, Edge Tools and Hardware requiring forged with the a cutting Edge, forged and formed with the Hammer, of Wrought Steel, or of Iron and Steel, or call in

a Mould, either at the time of forging or casting such Articles, or subsequently thereto, previous to the bond any jfiie Sale thereof to the User, any Word or Words which shall or may denote or indicate the Quality of such Words which Articles to be otherwise than the real and true Quality thereof; nor to have in his, her or their Possession for shall indicate the purpose of Sale, nor to sell or expose or offer to sale, or cause, direct or procure to be sold, exposed or offered to sale, any Knives, Knife Blades, Forks, Razors, Razor Blades, Scissors, Shears, and other Articles ^an the true of Cutlery, Edge Tools and Hardware requiring a cutting Edge, forged and formed with the Hammer, of Quality; or Wrought Steel, and Iron and Steel, or call in a Mould, having marked thereon any Word or Words which have in his shall or may denote or indicate the Quality of such Articles to be otherwise than the real and true Quality Possession any thereof; and all and every Person or Persons who shall cast, mark, strike, stamp, grave or impress, or cause ?uch Articles or procure to be cast, marked, struck, stamped, graved or impressed, in or upon any Part of any Knives, y

Knife Blades, Forks, Razors, Razor Blades, Scifiors, Shears, and other Articles of Cutlery, Edge Tools aid Hardware requiring a cutting Edge, forged or formed with the Hammer, of Wrought Steel, or Iron and .rersons offend-Steel, or cast in a Mould, either at the time of forging or calling, or subsequently thereto, previous to the ln' bond Jide Sale thereof to the User, any Word or Words which shall or may denote or indicate the Quality of such Articles to be otherwise than the real and true Quality; or who shall have in his, her or their Possession for the purpose of Sale, or shall fell, expose or offer to sale, or cause, direct or procure to be sold, exposed or offered to sale, any Knives, Knife Blades, Forks, Razors, Razor Blades, Scissors, Shears, and other Articles of Cutlery, Edge Tools and Hardware requiring a cutting Edge, forged and formed with the Hammer, of Wrought Steel, or Iron and Steel, or cast in a Mould, having thereon any Word or Words which shall or may denote or indicate the Quality of such Articles to be otherwise than the real and true Quality thereof, shall, in all and every the cases aforesaid, forfeit all and every such Knives, Knife Blades, Penalty*

Forks, Razors, Razor Blades, Scissors, Shears, and other Articles of Cutlery, Edge Tools and Hardware requiring a cutting Edge, being marked, possessed, fold or exposed to sale, contrary to the Directions of this Act, together with the Sum of Five Pounds for any Quantity not exceeding One Dozen of such Articles so marked, fold or exposed to sale; and for any Quantity of such Articles exceeding One Dozen, Five Pounds for every One Dozen thereof; such Sum and Sums respectively to be levied, recovered and applied as herein after directed.

V. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act it shall not be lawful for any No PersoiMo Person or Persons to call, mark, strike, stamp, grave or impress, or cause, direct or procure to be cast, cast, mark, &c. marked, struck, stamped, graved or impressed, in or upon any Part of any Knives, Knife Blades, Forks,

Razors, Razor Blades, Scissors, Shears, and other Articles of Cutlery, Edge Tools and Hardware requiring x^>ndon"° a cutting Edge, forged and formed with the Hammer, of Wrought Steel, or of Iron and Steel, or cast in»&«London

Mould, made" thereoi;

652

except made within the City of London, or a certain Distance thereof, nor to have in Possession, sell, &c. such Articles.

Persons offending.

[Penalty.]

Proviso for Persons having in their Possession, selling, &c. Articles marked contrary hereto before the passing of this Act.

Proviso for Persons having in their Possession Articles marked contrary to Act, who shall, before Information laid, prove upon'Oath the Purchase without knowing that the Articles were improperly marked.

Two Justices may determine Offence.

C. 7. 59° GEORGII III. A.D. 1819.

Mould, either at the time of forging or calling such Articles, or subsequently thereto, previous to the bond Jide Sale thereof to the User, the Word or Words " London " London made, " or any Word or Words having any Similitude thereto, unless the Articles so call, marked, (truck, stamped, graved or impressed, shall have been manufactured within the City of London, or within Twenty Miles Diitance therefrom; nor to have in his, her or their Possession, for the purpose of Sale, nor to fell, or expose or offer to sale, or cause, direct or procure to be sold, exposed or offered to sale, any Knives, Knife Blades, Forks, Razors, Razor Blades, Scissors, Shears, and other Articles of Cutlery, Edge Tools and Hardware requiring a cutting-Edge, forged and formed with the Hammer, of Wrought Steel, and Iron and Steel, or call in a Mould, having marked thereon the Word or Words, " London , " M London made, " or any Word or Words having any Similitude thereto, unless the Articles so cad, marked, (truck, stamped, graved or impressed, shall have been manufactured within the City of London, or within Twenty Miles Diitance therefrom; and all and every Person or Persons who shall cad, mark, drike, damp, grave or impress, or cause or procure to be cad, marked, druck, damped, graved or impressed, in or upon any Part of any Knives, Knife Blades, Forks, Razors, Razor Blades, Scissors, Shears, and other Articles of Cutlery, Edge Tools and Hardware requiring a cutting Edge, forged or formed with the Hammer, of Wrought Steel, or Iron and Steel, or cad in a Mould, either at the time of forging or calling, or subsequently thereto, previous to the bond Jide Sale thereof to the User, the Word or Words €t London, " €i London made, " or any Word or Words having any Similitude thereto, unless the Articles so cad, marked, druck, damped, graved or impressed, shall have been manufactured within the City of London, or within Twenty Miles Distance therefrom 5 or who shall have in his, her or their Possession, for the purpose of Sale, or shall tell, expose or offer to sale, or cause, direct or procure to be sold, exposed or offered to sale, any Knives, Knife Blades, Forks, Razors, Razor Blades, Scissors, Shears, and other Articles of Cutlery, Edge Tools and Hardware requiring a cutting Edge, forged and formed with the Hammer, of Wrought Steel, or Iron and Steel, or cad in a Mould, having thereon the Word or Words " London, " " London made, " or any Word or Words having any Similitude thereto, unless the Articles so cad, marked, druck, damped, graved or impressed, shall have been manufactured within the City of London, or within Twenty Miles Didance therefrom, shall, in fill and every the cases aforesaid, forfeit all and every such Knives, Knife Blades, Forks, Razors, Razor Blades, Scissors, Shears, and other Articles of Cutlery, Edge Tools and Hardware requiring a cutting Edge, being marked, possessed, fold or exposed to sale contrary to the Directions of this Act, together with a Sum of Ten Pounds for any Quantity not exceeding One Dozen of such Articles so marked, fold or exposed to sale 5 and for any Quantity of such Articles exceeding One Dozen, Ten Pounds for every Dozen thereof; such Sum and Sums respectively to be levied, recovered and applied as herein after directed.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, in case any Person or Persons shall have in his, her or their Possession, for the purpose of Sale, or shall fell, expose or offer for Sale, or cause, direct or procure to be sold or offered for Sale, any Knives, Knife Blades, Forks, Razors, Razor Blades, Scissors, Shears, or any other Cutlery Articles whatsoever, Edge Tools and Hardware requiring a cutting Edge, formed with the Hammer, or cad in a Mould in a nnished State, having marked thereon any Word or Words contrary to the Directions of this Act, shall, at or upon any Information or Complaint being laid or made against him, her or them, prove satisfactorily, by the Oath of himself or her-self, or any other Person, before One or more cf His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, that such Knives, Knife Blades, Forks, Razors, Razor Blades, Scissors, Shears, or any other Cutlery Articles whatsoever, Edge Tools and Hardware requiring a cutting Edge, were purchased or came into the Possession of him, her or them, or were made, foi^ned, caff or manufactured before the passing of this Act, then and in such case the Person or Persons so having the said Articles in a (inished State in his, her or their Possession, for the purpose of Sale, or felling, exposing or offering the fame for Sale, or causing, directing or procuring the same to be sold or offered for Sale, shall not be liable to the Pains and Penalties aforesaid.

VII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, in case any Person or Persons shall have in his, her or their Possession, for the purpose of Sale, or shall fell, expose or offer for Sale, or cause, direct or procure to be sold or offered for Sale, any Knives, Knife Blades, Forks, Razors, Razor Blades, Scissors, Shears, or any other Cutlery Articles whatsoever, Edge Tools or Hardware requiring a cutting Edge, call or formed in a Mould, or forged and formed with the Hammer, which shall not have been made, formed, caff or manufactured before the passing of this Act, having marked thereon the Figure or Form of a Hammer, or any Word or Words contrary to the Directions of this Act, shall, at or before any Information or Complaint shall be laid or made against; him, her or them, prove satisfactorily by the Oath of himself, herself or themselves, before One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, that he, she or they purchased such Articles, with the Figure, Words or Marks thereon respectively, without knowing at the time of such Purchase that the fame were Articles marked contrary to the Directions of this Act, and shall discover to any Two or more Justices of the Peace the Name or Names of the Person or Persons of whom he or she purchased the fame, so that such Person or Persons shall be prosecuted to Conviction for the fame, then and in such case the Person or Persons who shall have in his, her or their Possession any of such Articles as aforesaid, for the Purposes aforesaid, shall not be liable to the Pains and Penalties aforesaid, but shall be entitled to Two third Parts of the Penalty as other Informers.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Two or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County, City or Place where the Offender or Offenders shall reside, or where the Offence shall be committed, to hear and determine any Offence or Offences against this Act; and all such Justices are hereby authorised and required, upon any Information exhibited or Complaint made in that behalf, to summon the Party or Parties accused, and the Witnesses on each Side, and to examine into

the

A.D. 1819. 59° GEORGII III. C. 7.

the matter of such Complaint; and upon due Proof thereof, either by Confession of the Party complained of, or by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, to give Judgment or Sentence for the pecuniary Penalty, with Costs, to be allowed by such Justices, and to award and issue out their Warrant under their Hands and Seals for the levying such Penalty and Costs on the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, and to cause Sale to be made thereof in case such Goods and Chattels shall not be redeemed within Five Days inclusive of the Day of the Seizure, rendering the Overplus (if any) after defraying the Expences of such Distress and Sale, to the Person or Persons whose Goods and Chattels shall have been so distrained and fold; and for want of a sufficient Distress, such Justices shall and may commit such Offender or Offenders to His Majesty's Gaol for the County, City or Place where such Offence shall be committed as aforesaid, there to remain for any time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unless Payment shall be sooner made of the said Penalty and Costs.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think himself, herself or themselves aggrieved by the Judgment of such Justices, he, she or they may (upon giving Security with a sufficient Surety to the Amount of the Value of such Penalty or Penalties and Costs, together with such further Costs as shall be awarded in case such Judgment shall be affirmed) appeal to the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the County, City or Place where such Conviction shall be made; and the Justices at such Sessions are hereby empowered to summon and examine Witnesses on Oath, and to hear and finally determine the matter of the said Appeal, and to award such Costs as the said Court shall think reasonable to the Party in whose Favour such Appeal shall be determined.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Justices of the Peace, before whom any Information may be laid, and also for the said Justices in Quarter Sessions assembled (if they respectively should think fit), to mitigate the said Penalties in such manner as to them shall seem expedient; provided that such Penalties shall in no case be mitigated to less than One Half, or where such Penalties shall be less than the Sum of Fifty Pounds to less than Twenty five Pounds.

XI. And be it further enacted, That no Conviction made upon any Offence or Offences in this Act mentioned or created, shall be set aside in or by any Court whatsoever, for want of Form, or through the Mistake of any Fadl, Circumstance or other matter whatsoever; provided that the material Fadls alleged in such Conviction, and upon which the same shall be grounded, be proved to the Satisfaction of the said Court; any Law, Statute or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XII. And be it further enacted, That a Conviction in the Form and to the Effect following, (mutatis mutandis) as the case may require, shall be good and effectual to all Intents and purposes whatsoever, without further stating the case, or the Fadls or Evidence in any particular manner; (that is to say),

BE it remembered, That on the Day of in the Year of our Lord , at in the County of A.B. came

before us C.D. and E. F. of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County, [City or

Place, as the case may be-\ and informed us, that G. H'. of on the Day of

now last past, at in the said County, [City or Place, as the case

may be; here set forth the Fa8 for which the Information is laid]. Whereupon the said G. H. after being duly ' summoned to answer the Charges, appeared before us on the Day of at

in the said County, [City or Place], and having heard the Charge contained in the said Information,

declared he was not guilty of the said Offence [or, as the case may happen to be> did not appear before us, pursuant to the said Summons, or, did neglect and refuse to make any Defence against the said Charge]

but the fame being fully proved before us, upon the O&th of J'. K. a credible Witness [or, as. the case

may happen to be] acknowledged and voluntarily confessed the same to be true 5 and it manifestly appeared to 4 us, that the said G. H. is guilty of the Offence charged upon him in the said Information; We do therefore hereby convict him of the Offence aforesaid, and do declare and adjudge that he the said G. H» hath forfeited the said [here describe the Articles formed, cajl, fold or offered to Sale, not being marked according to the Directions of this Afi] together with the Sum of of lawful Money of Great Britain, for the Offence aforesaid, to be distributed as the Law directs, according to the Form of the Statute in that case made and provided. Given under our Hands and Seals the Day of .'

653

One Witness.

Penalty recovered by Distress.

If no Distress, Imprisonment.

Appeal.

Costs.

Mitigation of Penalties.

Proceedings not quashed for Want of Form only.

Conviction.

Form of Conviction.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall be summoned as a Witness to give Evidence Compelling before such Justices of the Peace, touching any of the matters relative to this Act, either on the Part of the Attendance the Informer or of the Person or Persons accused, and shall neglect or refuse to appear at the time and Witnesses. Place, to be for that purpose appointed, without a reasonable Excuse for such his, her or their Neglect or

Refusal, to be allowed of by such Justices of the Peace, or appearing shall refuse to be examined on Oath and give Evidence before such Justices, then every such Person shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Ten Pounds, to be levied and paid in such manner and by such means as are herein directed as to other Penalties.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Justice of the Peace of Justice by the County, City or Place where the Offence is committed, or where the Offender or Offenders reside, by Warrant may Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause any such Knives, Knife Blades, Forks, Razors, Razor Blades, 2c"u^etobe Sciffor8, Shears, or any other Cutlery Articles whatsoever, Edge Tools or Hardware requiring a cutting forfeited. Edge, as shall be liable to be forfeited by virtue of this Act, to be seized, and the fame when seized to

keep in safe Custody, for the purpose of producing the fame in Evidence upon any Prosecution to be instituted or carried on for the pecuniary Penalties incurred in respect thereof; and when and as soon as the further Produced in Production thereof in Evidence shall become unnecessary, then the fame shall, by Order of such Justices, Evidence, and 59 Geo. III. 4 P^then Court

654 C. 7, 8, 9.

59° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1819.

limitation of Informations.

Application of Penalties.

Parishioners may be Witnesses.

Persons disclosing by whose Order any thing punishable under Act was

may dispose be destroyed, or disposed of in toy manner as the Court before which such Articles shall be produced thereof! may direct.

XV. Provided always, and it is hereby farther enacted, That no Information shall be exhibited for any of the Offences aforesaid, unless within the Space of Six Calendar Months after the CommifBon of such Offences respectively.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That One Third Part of the pecuniary Penalties to be recovered as aforesaid shall be paid and payable to the Poor of the Parish, Township or Place where the Offence shall be committed, and the other Two Third Parts of such Penalties to the Person or Persons who shall inform of any the Offences aforesaid.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in all Informations, Complaints and other Proceedings, in pursuance of this Act, or in relation to any matter or thing herein contained, any Inhabitant of the Parish, Township or Place in which any Offence or Offences shall be committed, contrary to the true Intent and meaning of this Act, shall be admitted to give Evidence, and shall be deemed competent Witnesses, notwithstanding his, her or their being an Inhabitant or Inhabitants of the Parish, Township or Place wherein any such* Offence or Offences shall be supposed to have been committed.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons who shall be liable to any of the Penalties aforesaid, by reason of any thing done by him, her or them, under the Order, Direction or Procurement of any other Person or Persons, shall, before any Information or Complaint shall be laid or made against him, her or them, discover to any Two or more Justices the Name or Names of the

____ __ Person or Persons by whose Order, Direction or Procurement he, she or they shall have done such Act,

done, not liable which shall have made him, her or them liable to any of the Penalties, so that the Person or Persons by to Penalty. whose Order, Direction or Procurement he, she or they shall have done such Act, shall be prosecuted to Conviction for the fame, then and in such case such Person or Persons who shall give such Information, or make such Complaint, shall not be liable to the Pains and Penalties aforesaid, but shall be entitled to Two Third Parts of the Penalty, as other Informers.

CAP. VIII.

An Act to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty, an Act of the lass Session of Parliament, for preventing Aliens from becoming naturalized, 'or being made or becoming Denizens, except in certain cases.

[23d Marsh 1819.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to prevent Aliens, until the Twenty'fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, from becoming naturalized, or being

made or becoming Denizens, except in certain cases: And Whereas it is expedient that the said recited Act and the

Provision therein contained should be continued for a further Period Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Act and the Provisions therein contained shall be and the fame is and are hereby continued in force from the said Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nineteen until the Twenty* fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty; and that until the said Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty no Alien shall become a naturalized Subject, or be made or become a Denizen, or become entitled to the Privileges of a naturalized Subject or Denizen contrary to the Provisions of the said recited Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said recited Act and this Act may be altered, amended or repealed by any Act or Acts to be passed in this Session of Parliament.

CAP. IX.

An Act for punUhing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army, and their Quarters.

[23d March 1819.]

[This Act is the fame, and all the Schedules are also the fame, as 58 G. 3. c. II. except as to Dates, Number of Forces, &c. and the Sections that are here inserted.]

XXVIII. PROVIDED always, and be it further enacted, That m all Trials by General Courts Martial to be held by virtue of this Act, every Member assisting at such Trial, before any Proceedings be had thereupon, shall take the following Oaths upon the Holy Evangelists, before the Judge Advocate or his Deputy (who are hereby authorised to administer the same); that is to say,

1 VOU shall well and truly try and determine according to your Evidence, in the matter now before you. c So help you GOD.'

J do swear, That I will duly administer Justice, according to the Rules and Articles for the better

' Government of His Majesty's Forces, and according to an Act of Parliament now in force for the Punishment of Mutiny and Desertion, and other Crimes therein mentioned, without Partiality, Favour or Affec-

tion; and if any Doubt shall arise, which is not explained by the said Articles or Act of Parliament, according to my Conscience, the best of my Understanding, and the Custom of War in the like cases: And I further

swear. That I will not divulge the Sentence of the Court until it shall be approved by His Majesty, or by

some Person duly authorised by Him; neither will I, upon any account, at any time whatsoever, disclose

or discover the Vote or Opinion of any particular Member of the Court Martial, unless required to give Evidence thereof as a Witness, by a Court of Justice or a Court Martial, in a due Course of Law.

So help me GOD/ And

5S G. 3. c. 97.

continued.

Act altered, &c. this Session.

Officers to be sworn.

Oaths to be taken by all Members of a General Court Martial.

A.D. 181g. 59° GEORGII III. C. 9.

And so soon as the said Oaths shall have been admiaiftened to the respective Members, the President of the Court is hereby authorised and required fca administer ta the Judge Advocate* or the Person officiating as such, an Oath in the following Words.

4 T do swear, That I will not upon any account, at any time what foe ver, disclose or discover

the Vote or Opinion of any particular Member of the Court Martial, unless required to give Evidence thereof as a Witness, by a Court of Justice or a Court Martial, in a due Course of Law.

'So help me GOD.*

And no Sentence of Death shall be given against any Offender in such case by any General Court Martial, unless Nine Officers present shall concur therein, (except such General Court Martial shall be holden in any Plhce beyond the Seas out of His Majesty's Dominions, or out of any of the Settlements belonging to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, or in Africa, or in Now South Wales as aforesaid); and in all cases where a Court Martial shall conhft of more Officers than Thirteen, and also in any Place beyond the Seas out of His Majesty's Dominions, or out of any of the Settlements belonging to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, or m Africa and in New South Wales as aforesaid, when the same shall consist of a Lesser Number of Officers, then such Judgment shall pass by the Concurrence of Two Thirds at the least of the Officers present; and no Proceeding or Trial shall be had upon Hours of TriaL. any Offence but between the Hours of Eight of the Clock in the Morning and Four in the Afternoon, except in cases which require an immediate Example: Provided also, that all Witnesses duly summoned by the Judge Witnesses at-Advocate, or the Person officiating as such, shall, during their necessary Attendance in such Courts, and in tending Courts going to and returning from the same, be privileged from Arrett in like manner as Witnesses attending any to h

of His Majesty's Courts of Law are privileged; and that if any such Witness shall be unduly arrested, he frOD*

shall be discharged from such Arrest by the Court out of which the Writ or Proeefs issued by which such*

Witness was arrested; or if the Court out of which the Writ or Proeefs issued- be not fitting, then by any

Judge of the Court of King's Bench in London or in Dublin, or Court of Sessions in Scotland, or Courts of

Law in the West Indies, according as the case shall require, upon its being made appear to such Court or

Judge by Affidavit in a summary Way, that such Witness was arrested in going to or returning frjm or

attending upon such Court Martial; and that all Witnesses so duly summoned as aforesaid, who shall not attend Witnesses no*

on such Courts, shall be liable to be attached in the Court of King's Bench in London or Dublin, or Court of attending li«W*

Session or Sheriffs Depute or Stewards Depute, or their respective Substitutes, within their several Shires and t0k attached*

Stewartries, in Scotland, or Courts of Law in the West Indies respectively, upon Complaint made to the said

Courts of King's Bench, or Court of Session in Scotland, or Courts of Law in the West Indies, -in like manner as

if such Witness had neglected to attend on a Trial in any Criminal Proceeding in that Court.

XXXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That every Judge Advocate, or Person officiating as such at Proceedings, any General Court Martial, do. and he is hereby required to transmit, with as much Expedition a6 the Opportunity &c. of Court of time and Distance of Place can admit, the original Proceedings and Sentence of such Court Martial to the MarUa} to b Judge Advocate General in London, or if the Court? Martial shall have been held in Ireland, to the Judge Ad- Advocate General in Dublin; and the said original Proceedings and Sentences are to be carefully kept and pre- vocate General*

served in the respective Offices, to the end that the Persons entitled thereto may be enabled, upon Application to such Office, to obtain Copies thereof, according to the true Intent and meaning of this A A.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That no Officer shall muster any Regiment, Troop or Company within No Muster in the City of Westminster, and Borough of Southwark and Liberties thereof, but in the Presence of Two or more .Westminster* Justices of the Peace, not being Officers of the Army, under the Penalty of Fifty Pounds, and of being dif- ^c* but m charged from his Office, unless such Justices, upon Forty eight Hours' Notice being given to Six of His Ma- Tw^rmoi* jesty's Justices of the Peace residing within the City and Liberties aforesaid respectively, shall neglect to attend Justices, such Muster; and in case of such Neglect, such Officer may proceed to muster such Regiment, Troop or Company; provided that Oath be made before any of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace within Forty eight Hours after such Muster taken, that such Notice was given to Six Justices of the Peace as aforesaid, which Justices so attending are hereby empowered to sign the said Muster Rolls, and to take Recognisance of such Muster, and to examine the Truth thereof, before they sign the same.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That every Officer that shall make any false or untrue Muster of Man Penalty on or Horse, or shall wittingly or willingly allow or sign the Muster Roll wherein such false Muster is contained, mak*

pr any Duplicate thereof; and also every Officer who shall directly* or indirectly take or cause to be taken dusters £C* any Sum or Sums of Money, or any other Gratuity, on or for the muilering any Regiment, Troop or Com- '

pany, or on or for the signing of any Muster Rolls, or any Duplicate thereof, upon Proof thereof upon Oath made by Two Witnesses before a General Court Martial, to be thereupon called (which is hereby authorised and required to administer such Oath), shall for such Offence be forthwith cashiered, and shall be thereby utterly disabled to have or hold any Civil or Military Office or Employment within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or in His Majesty's Service.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That if any Officer shall knowingly muster any Person by a wrong Penalty for Name, upon Conviction thereof before a General Court Martial, the said Officer shall be subject to such mustering Per-Penalties as are directed and inflicted by this Act upon those who shall make false Musters. NamelWr0DS

CXII. And be it further enacted, That no Officer of His Majesty's Forces residing in Barracks or elsewhere under Military Law, shall be deemed liable to have any Parish Poor Child bound Apprentice to him; but that every such Officer shall be wholly exempt from taking or receiving, or from having bound to him any p^j^j such Child as ail Apprentice, any Law, Statute or Usage to die contrary notwithstanding. apprenticed to

4 P 2 CLX. And them.

6#5

The Judge

Advocate

sworn.

The Oath.

In Sentences of Death, what Number of Officers shall concur, &c.

[Continuance of Act.]

Persons making false Representations in taking the Oath marked (A.), and obtaining Bounty, deemed guilty of obtaining Money under false Pretences. 30 G. 2. c. 24.

Penalty for Concealment of Infirmity.

Officers not liable to have Parish Children apprenticed to them.

C. 9, 10. 59° GEORGII III. A.D. 1819.

CLX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be and continue in force within Great Britain from the Twenty fourth Day of March in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, until the Twenty firth Day of March in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and twenty; and shall be and continue in force within Ireland, and in Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark and Isle of Man, and the Islands thereto belonging, from the First Day of April in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, until the First Day of April in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and twenty; and shall be and continue in force within the Garrison of Gibraltar, and in Spain and Portugal, from the Twenty fifth Day of June in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, until the Twenty fifth Day of June in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and twenty; and shall be and continue in force in all other Parts of Europe where His Majesty's Forces may be serving, and in the West Indies and America, from the Twenty fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, to the Twenty fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty; and shall be and continue in force within the Cape of Good Hope, the IfU of France and Bourbon, and Islands thereto belonging, Saint Helena and the Western Coast of Africa, from the Twenty fifth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, to the Twenty fifth Day of 03ober One thousand eight hundred and twenty; and shall be and continue in force in all other Places from the Twenty fifth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and twenty, to the Twenty fifth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and twenty one.

CAP. X.

An Act for the regulating of His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore.

[23d March i8r9*3

[This Act is the fame, and all the Schedules are also the fame, as 58 G. 3. c. 12. except as to Dates, the Sections that are here inserted, and the Omission of Sections 67. and 79. of 58 G. 3. c. 12.-\

LXXVII. AND be it further enacted, That any Person who shall knowingly, wilfully and designedly make any false Representation of any Particular contained in the Form of Oath marked (A.) in the Schedule annexed to this Act, before the Justice of the Peace at the time of his Attestation, for the purpose of obtaining, and shall thereupon obtain any Enlisting Money, or any Bounty or Part of a Bounty, for enlisting into His Majesty's Royal Marines, or any other Money, shall be deemed guilty of obtaining Money under false Pretences, withini the true Intent and meaning of an Act passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for the more effectual Punishment of Persons who shall attain or attempt to attain Possession of Goods or Money by false or untrue Pretences; for preventing the unlawful pawning of Goods; for the easy Redemption of Goods pawned; and for preventing Gaming in Public Houses by Journeymen, Labourers, .Servants and Apprentices; and that the Production of such Oath, and Proof of the Justice's Hand Writing thereto, shall in any Prosecution to be instituted against the enlisting Person or Recruit therein named, be sufficient Evidence of such Person having represented the several Particulars contained in such Oath at the time of his being attested; and in case such Person shall be an Apprentice, he shall immediately after the Expiration of his Apprenticeship, or other sooner Determination of it, whether he shall have been convicted and punished or not, be deemed duly enlisted, and be liable from thenceforth to serve as a Marine; and if, on the Expiration or other sooner Determination of his Apprenticeship, he shall not deliver himself up to some Officer at the Head Quarters of one of the Divisions of His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces, or to some Royal Marine Officer authorised to receive Recruits, he shall be liable to be apprehended and dealt with as a Deserter from His Majesty's said Royal Marine Forces.

LXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Two Justices of the Peace or Magistrates before whom any Person shall be brought who has enlisted, and who shall be proved upon Oath before them and convicted of having wilfully concealed any Infirmity upon being attested, to adjudge such Person to be a Rogue and Vagabond, and such Person shall thereupon be subject to such Punishment as by and under any Statutes or Laws now in force may be inflicted upon Rogues, Vagabonds, and Vagrants and incorrigible Rogues, to be adjudged by the Justices of the Peace or Magistrates io convicting any such Person as aforesaid.

LXXXII. And be it further enacted, That no Officer of His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces, residing in Barracks or elsewhere, under Military Law, shall be deemed liable to have any Parish poor Child bound Apprentice to him, but that every such Officer shall be wholly exempt from taking or receiving, or from having bound to him, any such Apprentice; any Law, Statute or Usage to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

A.D. 1819. 59° GEORGII III. C. 11, 1 2. 657

CAP. XI.

An Act to indemnify such Persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and for extending the time limited' for certain of those purposes respectively, until the Twenty Fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty; and to permit such Persons in Great Britain as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, to make and file the fame on or before the First Day of Hilary Term One thousand eight hundred and twenty, and to allow Persons to make and file such Affidavits, although the Persons whom they served shall have neglected to take out their Annual Certificates.

[23d March 1819.]

[This Act is the same as 58 G. 3. c. 5. except as to Dates^and as to the SeHion here inserted.]

III. AND Whereas several Persons have inadvertently, and without any corrupt or interested Motives, x acted as Trustees in the Execution of divers Acts of Parliament for the making or repairing of divers«Turnpike Roads in England, without being possessed of the Qualifications required respectively by the several Acts of Parliament under which such Persons were appointed or elected to be Trustees, and without having

taken and subscribed the Oaths or Affirmations of their Qualifications required by such Acts respectively

Be it further enacted, That all Persons who have incurred any Penalty or Incapacity mentioned in or inflicted Persons acting By any Act or Acts of Parliament for the making or repairing of any Turnpike Road or Roads in England,* Trustees for by acting as Trustees in the Execution of any such Act or Acts without being possessed of the Qualifications ^required by any such Act or Acts respectively, or by neglecting to take and subscribe any Oath or -

-Affirmation required to qualify them as such Trustees, according to any such Act or Acts respectively, shall be and are hereby indemnified, freed and difehareed from all Incapacities, Disabilities, Penalties and Forfeitures, incurred by reason of such acting, or of such Omission or Neglect as aforesaid; and that no Act, matter or thing, done by any of them in the Execution of any such Act or Acts of Parliament, and not yet avoided, shall be questioned or avoided by reafoa of such acting, or of such Omission or Neglect as aforesaid, but that all such Atfts, matters and things, shall be, and are hereby declared to be, as good and effectual to all Intents and purposes whatsoever, as if such Persons respectively had been duly qualified to act as such Trustees, and had taken and subscribed such Oaths or Affirmations at such Place and in such manner as is required respectively by the several Acts under which such Persons shall have acted as Trustees as aforesaid; any thing in the said Acts, or any of them, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding: Provided always, that such Person or Persons do and shall take and subsenbe the Oaths or Affirmations of Qualification required by the respective Act or Acts under which such Person or Persons shall act as a Trustee or Trustees, in such manner and Form, and in such Place or Places respectively, as are directed and appointed by the said Acts respectively, before any such Person or Persons shall act as such Trustee or Trustees at any time after the Expiration of Two Calendar Months next after the passing of this Act.

Qualification,

indemnified.

CAP. XII.

An Act to amend tfhe Laws for the Relief of the Poor.

[31st March 1819.]

|/iOR the better and more effectual Execution of the Laws for the Relief of the Poor, and for the

X" Amendment thereof May it please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, Parishes en»-and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for the Inhabitants of any Parish, in Vestry assembled, and they are hereby empowered, to establish a for

Select Vestry for the Ctmcerns of the Poor of such Parish; and to that end to nominate and elect, in the Concerns of the iame or in any subsequent Vestry, or any Adjournment thereof respectively, such and so many substanlial Poor. Uoufeholders or Occupiers within such Parish, not exceeding the Number of Twenty nor less than Five, as shall in any such Vestry be thought fit to be Members of the Select Vestry 5 and the Rector, Vicar or other Constitution Minister of the Parish, and in his Absence the Curate thereof (such Curate being resident in and charged to ^Sel.ect the Poor's Rates of such Parish), and the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor for the time being, estoes* together with the Inhabitants who shall be nominated and elected as aforesaid (such Inhabitants being first Members thereto appointed by Writing under the Hand and Seal of One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, which elected, being Appointment he is herety authorised and required to make), shall be and constitute a Select Vestry for the

Care and Management 01 the Concerns of the Poor of such Parish, and any Three of them (Two of whom gtitute* Select* shall neither be Churchwardens nor Overseers of the Poor) shall be a Quorum; and when any Inhabitant Vestry-elected and appointed to serve in any such Select Vestry shall, before the Expiration of his Office* die or remove from the Parish, or shall become incapable of serving, or shall refuse or neglect to serve therein, the

Vac/mcy which shall be thereby occasioned shall, as soon as conveniently may be, be filled up by the Election and Appointment, in manner aforesaid, of some other substantial Householder or Occupier 01 such Parish, and so from' time to time as often as any such Vacancy shall occur; and every such Select Vestry shall continue and be empowered to act from the time of the Appointment thereof until Fourteen Days after the next Annual ye-lr£^t Appointment of Overseers of the Poor of the JPariffa shall take place, and mar be from Year to Year, and in j>owee^any future Year, renewed in the maimer hereinbefore directed; and every such Select Vestry shall meet once Renewal, in every Fourteen Days, and oftener if it shall be found necessary, in the Parish Church, or in-some other Meetings and convenient Place within the Parish; and at every such Meeting a Chairman fir all be appointed by the Majority Dudes of

of Select

6$8

59° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1819.

Overseen (Exception) to give no other Relief than as ordered by Select Vestry.

Proceedings by Justice of Peace, upon Complaint of JtfMt of Relief.

Overseers summoned to appear before Two Justices.

One Justice may order temporary Relief, in cases of urgent Necessity.

Minutes kept of Proceedings of Select Vestries.

Minutes and Reports of Proceedings, ldid before Inhabitants in General Vestry. Notice of holding Vestries, Election of Members, &c.

Orders for Relief, where no Select Vestry, made by Two or more Justices.

J2*ccpt^p. Liinituition of Order for Relief.

Power to Special Sessions to appoint non resident Overseers.

of the Members present, who shall preside therein; and in all cases of Equality of Votes upon any Question there arising, the Chairman shall have the calling Vote; and every such Select Vestry is hereby empowered and required to examine into the State and Condition of the Poor of the Parish, and to inquire into and determine upon the proper Objects of Relief, and the Nature and Amount of the Relief to be given; and in each case shall take into Consideration the Character and Conduct of the poor Person to be relieved, and shall be at liberty to distinguish, in the Relief to be granted between the deferring, and the idle, extravagant or profligate Poor; and such Select Vestry shall make Orders in Writing for such Relief as they fhafi think requiute, and shall inquire into and superintend the Collection and Administration of all Money to be raised by the Poor's Rates, and of all other Funds and Money raised or applied by the Parish to the Relief of the Poor; and where any such Select Vestry shall be established, the Overseers of the Poor are required, in the Execution of their Office, to conform to the Directions of the Select Vestry, and shall not (except in cases of sudden Emergency pr urgent Necessity, and to the Extent only of such temporary Relief as each case shall require, and except by Order of Justices, in the cases herein after provided for, ) give any further or other Relief or Allowance to the Poor, than such as shall be ordered by the Select Vestry.

II. And be it further enacted, That when any Complaint shall be made to any Justice of the Peace, of the Want of adequate Relief, b.y or on the behalf of any poor Inhabitant of any Parish for which a Select Vestry shall be established by virtue of this Act, or in which the Relief of the Poor is or shall be under the Management of Guardians, Governors or Directors appointed by virtue of Special or Local Acts, such Justice shall not proceed therein, or take Cognisance thereof, unless it shall be proved on Oath before him* that Application for such Relief hath been first made to and refused by the Select Vestry, or by such Guardians, Governors or Directors; and in such case, the Justice to whom the Complaint shall be made may fumraon the Overseers of the Poor, or any of them, to appear before any Two of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, to answer the Complaint; and if upon the hearing thereof it shall he proved on Oath, to the Satisfaction of the Justices who shall hear the fame, that the Party complaining, or on whose behalf the Complaint shall be made, is in need of Relief, and that adequate Relief hath been refused by the Select Vestry, or by such Guardians, Governors or Directors, or that such Select Vestry shall not have assembled as by this Act directed, it shall be lawful for such Justices to make an Order, under their Hands and Seals, for such Relief as they, in their just and proper Discretion, shall think necessary (Reference being also had by such Justices to the Character and Conduct of the Applicant); provided, that in every such Order the special Cause of granting the Relief thereby directed shall be expressly. Hated, and that no such Order shall be given for or extend to any longer time than One Month from the Date thereof: Provided that it shall be lawful for any Justice to make an Order for Relief in any case of urgent Necessity, to be specified in such Order, so as such Order shall remain in force only until the assembling of the Select Vestry of the Parish, or of such Guardians, Governors or Directors, as aforesaid, to which such case shall relate.

III. And be it further enacted, That every Select Vestry, to be established by the Authority of this Act, shall cause Minutes to be fairly entered in Books, to be for that purpose provided, of all their Meetings, Proceedings, Resolutions, Orders and Transactions, and of all Sums received, applied and expended, by their Direction; and such Minutes shall from time to time be Signed by the Chairman; and shall, together with a Summary or Report of the Accounts and Transactions of the Select Vestry, be laid before the Inhabitants of the Parish in General Vestry assembled, Twice in every Year, that is to say, in the Month of March and the Month of Odoher^ and at such other times as the Select Vestry shall think fit; and the Minutes, Proceedings, Accounts and Reports of every Select Vestry, shall belong to the Parish, and be preserved with the other Boojts, Documents, Accounts and public Papers thereof.

IV. Provided, and be it further enacted, That the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor shall cause Ten Days' Notice, at the lead, to be publicly given, in the usual manner, of every Vestry to be holden for the purpose of establishing any Select Vestry, or of nominating and eleding the Members, or any Member thereof, and of every Vestry to be holden for the purpose of receiving the Report of the Select Vestry; and every Notice of any such Vestry shall (late the special purpose thereof.

V. And be it further enacted, That every Order to be made, after the First Day of Afay next, for the Relief of any poor Person by the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of any Parish not having a Select Vestry, under the Authority of this Act, shall be made by Two or more Justices, who shall, in making every such Order, take into their Consideration the Character and Conduct of the Person applying for Relief; provided that in every such Order th^ special Cause of granting the Relief thereby directed shall be expressly dated, and that no such Order shall be given for or extend to any longer time than One Month from the Date thereof: Provided also, that in cases pi Emergency and urgent Distress, it shall be lawful for One Justice to order such Relief as the case shall require, dating in his Order the Circumstances of the case; but no such last mentioned Order shall entitle any Person to claim Relief by virtue thereof more than Fourteen Days from the Date of the Order^ nor shall the fame have any Force or Effect after the next Petty Session to be holden within the Hundred or other Division or District in which the Parish to which the same shall apply shall be situated.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, in their respective Special Sessions for the Appointment of Overseers of the Poor, upon the Nomination, and at the Recjueft of the Inhabitants of any Parish in Vestry assembled, to appoint any Person who shall be assessed to the Relief of the Poor thereof, and shall be a Householder resident within Two Miles from the Church or Chapel of such Parish, or, where there shall be no Church or Chapel, shall be resident within One Mile from the boundary of such Parish, to be an Overseer of the Poor thereof, although the Person so to be appointed shall not be an Househplder within the Parish of which he shall be so appointed an Overseer of the Poor; and it ftiaH be sufficient, in every such Appointment, to describe the Person appointed by his Name and Residence;

A.D. 1819. 59° GEORGII III.- C. ie. 659

provided that no Person shall be appointed to, or be compellable to serve the Office of Overseer of the Poor of, Consent neces-ny Parish or Place in which be shall not be a Householder, unless he shall have consented to such sary* Appointment.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Inhabitants of any Parish in Vestry Inhabitants in assembled, to nominate and elect any discrete Person or Persons to be Assistant Overseer or Overseer of the ei^r^IJdxwo Poor of such Parish, and to determine and Specify the Duties to be byf or them executed and performed, and to justice may fix such yearly Salary for the Execution of the said Office as shall by such Inhabitants in Vestry be thought appoint Aauft-fit; and it shall be lawful for any Two of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, and they are hereby empowered, Ofenor by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to appoint any Person or Persons who shall be so nominated and witfa*Salary, elected to be Assistant Overseer or Overseers of the Poor, for such purposes, and with such Salary, as shall t Sic» have been fixed by the Inhabitants in Vestry; and such Salary shall be paid out of the Money raised for the Out of what Relief of the Poor, at- such times and in such manner as shall have been agreed upon between the Inhabitants Mney Salary in Vestry and the respective Persons. so to be appointed; and every Person to be so appointed Assistant e*"* Overseer shall be and he is hereby authorised and empowered to execute all such of the Duties of the

Office of Overseer of the Poor as shall in the Warrant for his Appointment be expressed in like manner and as

fully, to all Intents and purposes, as the fame may be executed by any ordinary Overseer of the Poor; and Conthfciance In

every Person or Persons so appointed shall continue to be an Assistant Overseer of the Poor until he or they 5UC*1

shall resign such Office, or until his or their Appointment shall be revoked by the Inhabitants of the Parish in Overseer.

Vestry assembled, and no longer; and it shall be lawful for the Inhabitants of any Parish, upon the Nomination

and Election by them of an Assistant Overseer or Overseers, to require and take Security for the faithful^t]^e^may

Execution of Ins or their Office, by Bond, with or without a Surety or Sureties, and in such Penalty as they shall think fit; and every such Bond shall be made to the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor, and may,

on any Breach of the Condition thereof, be put in Suit by and in the Names of the Churchwardens and

Overseers of the Poor for the rime bein^r, by the Direction of the Vestry or Select Vestry, for the Benefit of the Parish, in the manner herein after provided.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in any Parish not having a Workhouse for the Poor thereof, or Power to where the Workhouse shall be found insufficient or inconvenient, it shall be lawful for the Churchwardens and Ch*\rch- Overseers of the Poor, by the Direction of the Inhabitants in* Vestry assembled, to erc& and build in such buji/orenlarge Parish a suitabie Workhouse, or to alter and enlarge any Messuage or Tenement belonging to such Parish for Workhouses, that purpose, and to purchase or take on Lease any Ground within the Parish for the purpose of such

Building, or for enlarging any such other Messuage or Tenement belonging to such Parish for that purpose; or such Churchwardens and Overseers may and they are hereby authorised to add to and enlarge any such insufficient Workhouse, as the Inhabitants of the Parish in Vestry shall think fit and direct.

IX. And Whereas it would be advisable to enable Parishes to sell and dispose of their present Workhouses,

or any other Houses or Tenements belonging to such Parishes, in cases where the same are insufficient and

incapable of being enlarged or used as Workhouses, and to apply the Produce thereof in aid of building new

Workhouses Be it therefore enacted, That it shall fend may be lawful for the Churchwardens and Overseers Workhouse* of the Poor of any Parish, and they are hereby authorised, by the Direction of the Inhabitants in Vestry insufficient may assembled, and with the Consent of Two Justices, to he certified under their Hands, to sell and dispose of any Qiureh^Workhouse, or any other Houses or Tenements belonging to such Parish which shall be found to be insufficient wardens, &c. or unfit for the purpose, with the Scite thereof, and the Outhouses, Offices, Yards and Gardens thereto with Consent of belonging, for the bell Price and Prices that can be reasonably obtained, and to convey and assure the same to Two Justices, the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, his, her or their Heirs and Assigns, or as he, she or they shall direct, and

to apply the Produce of such Sale, after deducting the reasonable Expences thereof, towards the Purchase or Produce of Building of a new Workhouse, or in or towards the Payment of any Money to be borrowed under the Sale how Authority of this Act, as the Inhabitants m Vestry shall dire<5. applied.

X. And Whereas there maybe Parishes in which no sufficient Poorhouse or Workhouse can be procured

for the Accommodation of the Poor thereof; Be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for Where no the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of every such Parish, by the Direction of the Inhabitants Poorhouse, &c. thereof, in Vestry assembled, to purchase or hire any suitabie* and convenient House or Houses, Building or Buildings, for that purpose, in any adjoining Parish, with the Consent of Two or more Justices, such Con- ^joining p^. lent to be written upon or annexed to the Agreement for purchasing or hiring such House or Houses, Building nsb may be or Buildings: Provided always, that no such House or Building mall be situate more than Three Miles from resorted to the Parish for which the same shall be purchased or hired.

XI. And be it further enacted, That every House and Building which shall be so purchased or hired, shall Such Buildings in all Questions relative to the Settlement of Persons born or lodged therein, be deemed and taken to be Part as to Settle-of the Parish on behalf of which the same shall be purchased or hired, and by which the same shall be used as0.

a Poorhouse or Workhouse.

c XII. And Whereas, by an Act passed in the Forty third Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, the or hiring.

Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor are directed to set to work certain Persons therein described: And^£^z a 4 Whereas by the Laws now in force sufficient Powers are not given to the Churchwardens and Overseers, to § x.

enable them to keep such Persons fully and constandy employed* Be it further enacted, That it shall be Parishes may lawful for the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of any Parish, with the Consent of the Inhabitants provide Land thereof in Vestry assembled, to take into their Hands any Land or Ground which shall belong to such Parish, for the Em-or to the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of such Parish, or to the Poor thereof, or to purchase or Payment of the to hire and take on Lease for and on account of the Parish, any suitabie Portion or JPortions of Land within oor*

or near to such Parish, not exceeding Twenty Acres in the whole; and to employ and set to work in the Cul-

tivation 20 cres'

66o C.

12.

59° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1819.

and may let Portions of .Land to poor Inhabitants.

Amount to be raised for Buildings, and Purchase of Lands, &c. limited.

Power to raise further Sums by Loans, or*by the Sale of Annuities.

Future Rates charged with Loans and Annuities.

No greater Rate than is. in the Pound shall be charged on future Rates, unless with Consent of Two Thirds in Value of the Proprietors of Premises.

Churchwardens and Overseers may take and aue as Bodies Corporate.

tivation of such Land, on account of the Parish, any such Persons as by Law they are directed to set to work, and to pay to such of the jfoor Persons so employed as shall not be supported by the Parish, reasonable Wages for their Work; and the poor Persons so employed shall have such and the like Remedies for the Recovery of their Wages, and shall be subject to such and the like Punishment for Misbehaviour in their Employment, as other Labourers in Husbandry are by Law entitled and subject to.

XIII. Provided, and be it further enacted, That for the Promotion of Industry amongst the Poor, it shall be lawful for the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of any Parish, with the Consent of the Inhabitants in Vestry assembled, to let any Portion and Portions of such Parish Land as aforesaid, or of the Land to be so purchased or taken on account of the Parish, to any poor and industrious Inhabitant of the Parish, to be by him or her occupied and cultivated on his or her own Account, and for his or her own Benefit, at such reasonable Rent and for such Term as shall by the Inhabitants in Vestry be fixed and determined.

XIV. Provided, and be it further enacted, That no Sum exceeding the Amount of a Rate or Assessment at One Shilling in the Pound upon the Annual Value of the Property in any Parish assessable to the Rates for the Relief of the Poor, shall be raised, expended or applied in any One Year, in purchasing, building and repairing any Buildings or Land by this Act authorised to be purchased, taken, built or repaired, and in fitting up, preparing and furnishing such Buildings, and in flocking such Land, or for any One or more of such purposes or Objects, unless the major Part of the Inhabitants and Occupiers assessed to the Relief of the Poor, in Vestry assembled, shall consent thereto, nor until Two Third Parts in Value of all the Inhabitants and Occupiers so assessed as aforesaid (whether present in Vestry or not) shall have also signed their Consent thereto in the Vestry or Parish Book.

XV. And be it further enacted, That in every case where the Inhabitants of any Parish shall in manner aforesaid consent that a greater Sum than the Amount of a Rate or Assessment of One Shilling in the Pound will raise, shall be expended in One Year for all or any of such purpose3 and Obiedls, it shall be lawful for the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of such Parish, with the Consent of such Majority as aforesaid of the Inhabitants and Occupiers thereof, to be given and signed in the manner hereinbefore directed (after the Rate or Rates at or amounting to One Shilling in the Pound shall have been actually levied and applied for such purposes or some of them), to raise any additional Sum or Sams, by Loan, or by Sale of an Annuity or of Annuities or any Life or Lives, not being under the Age of Fifty Years respectively, or for any certain Term not exceeding Fifteen Years, so as the whole Sum to be raised for all or any of such purposes by Loan, and by the Sale of Annuities, or by either of such means, shall not be more than Five Shillings in the Pound of or upon the true Annual Value of the Property which shall in such Parish be assessed to the Poor's Rates (every Proposal for any such Annuity being first Hated to and approved by the Inhabitants and Occupiers of such Parish in Vestry assembled); and the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor shall and they are hereby authorised, in the Names and on the behalf of the Inhabitants of the Parish, to sign and execute Securities for the Money which shall be so borrowed, and for the Annuities to be so granted; and by every such Security to charge the Produce of the future Rates to be made for the Relief of the Poor of every such Parish with the Repayment of the principal Sum which shall have been so borrowed, and the Interest thereof, or with the Payment of the Annuity thereby granted (as the case may beL at and upon the Days and times, and in such manner and Proportions, as in and by the Security for every such Loan and Annuity respectively shall be appointed and expressed for the Payment thereof; and the Money to be raised by such future Rates shall be subject and liable to the Payment of every such Loan and the Interest thereof, and of every such Annuity accordingly.

XVI. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, That no greater Sum in the Whole than the Amount of a Rate or Assessment at One Shilling in the Pound, shall in any Parish be charged upon the future Rates thereof, unless Two Third Parts in Value of the Proprietors of Messuages, Lands and Tenements within such Parish (whether for Estates of Freehold or Copyhold, or by virtue of Leases for Terms of not less than Fifteen Years absolute or determinable upon a Life or Lives) shall have consented to raise the Money for which the Charge or Security shall purport to be made; such Consents to be given by Writing under the Hands of all Persons and Corporations Sole, and the Consent of every Corporation Aggregate under the Hand of the President, Head or Chief Member thereof for the time being, and the Consents of Femes Covert, Minors, Insane Persons, and Persons out of the Kingdom, by and under the Hands of their respective Husbands, Guardians, Committees, Trustees, Attornies or Agents, who are respectively authorised to give such Consents, and the Consent of the major Part of the Trustees for any charitable or other purpose shall be sufficient in respect of the Trust Estates.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That all Buildings, Lands and Hereditaments, which shall be purchased, hired or taken on Lease by the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of any Parish, by the Authority and for any of the purposes of this Act, shall be conveyed, demised and assured to the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of every such Parish respectively, and their Successors, in trust for the Parish; and such phurchwardens and Overseer9 of the Poor and their Successors, shall and may and they are hereby empowered to accept, take and hold, in the Nature of a Body Corporate, for and on behalf of the Parish, all such Buildings, Lands and Hereditaments, and also all other Buildings, Lands- and Hereditaments belonging to such Parish; and in all Actions, Suits, Indictments and other Proceedings for or in relation to any Rich Buildings, Land or Hereditaments, or the Rent thereof, or for or in relation to any other Buildings, Lands or Hereditaments belonging to such Parish, or the Rent thereof, and in all A6Uons and Proceedings upon or in relation to any Bond to be given for the faithful Execution of the Office of an Assistant O veneer, it shall be sufficient to name the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor for the time being, describing them as the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the Parish for which they shall act»

and

A.D. 1819. 59° GEORGII III.

C.

12.

661

and naming such Parish; and no Action or Suit, Indictment or other Proceeding, shall cease, abate, or be Action, Ac, not discontinued, quashed, defeated or impeded, by the Death of the Churchwardens and Overseers named in to*»te by such Proceeding, or the Deaths or Death of any of them, or by their Removal or the Removal of any of JJf*11*&c.of them from, or the Expiration of, their respective Offices or QvC1^!^11

XVIII. And it is hereby further enacted, That the Clauses, Powers, Provisions and Directions contained _ '

in an Act passed in the Twenty second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for the Relief and Employment of the Poorr for the Purpose of enabling Bodies Politic and Corporate, Trustees, Guardians powered to and incapacitated Persons, to contract for the Sale of and to convey and lease Lands, Tenements and Here- convey, ditaments, for the Purposes in that Act expressed, and for and with regard to the Payment and Application Powers and of the Purchase Money to be paid for the Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments to be purchased by virtue Directions of of the said Act, shall extend and be applied to all Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments to be purchased, aaG*3* hired or taken for the Purposes and under the Authority of this Act, and to the Payment and Application of the Purchase Money for the fame, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if such Clauses, plied to this Powers, Provisions and Directions were herein repeated and contained, and were hereby expressly enacted and Act applied to Lands and Buildings to be purchased and taken on Lease for any of the Purposes of this Act.

XIX. And Whereas in many Parishes, and more especially in large and populous Towns, the Payment of the Poor's Rates is greatly evaded, by reason that great Numbers of Houses within such Parishes are let out in Lodgings, or in separate Apartments, or for short Terms, or are let to Tenants who quit their Relidences or become insolvent before the Rates charged on them can be collected; and it hath been found, tha.t in many

Instances the Persons letting such Houses do actually charge and receive much higher Rents for the fame, upon the Ground and Expectation that the Occupiers thereof cannot be effectually assessed to the Poor's Rates, and will not be charged with or required to pay such Rates, and do thus obtain an undue Advantage to themselves,

and by means of the Premises the other Inhabitants of such Parishes are unjustly compelled to pay much more than their fair and due Proportions of the Charges of relieving and maintaining the Poor; ' For Remedy

thereof be it further enacted, That from and after the First; Day of January One thousand eight hundred and Power to rate twenty, it shall be lawful for the Inhabitants of any Parish, in Vestry assembled, and they are hereby empowered, Owners of cer-to resolve and direct, that the Owner or Owners of all Houses, Apartments or Dwellings in such Parishes, J*11 Houses being the immediate Lessor or Le/Tors of the actual Occupier or Occupiers, which shall respectively be let to &c

the Occupiers thereof at any Rent or Rate not exceeding Twenty Pounds, nor less than Six Pounds by the instead of the Year, for any less Term than One Year, or on any Agreement by which the Rent shall be reserved or made Occupiers, payable at any shorter Period than Three Months, shall be assessed to the Rates for the Relief of the Poor, for or in respect of such Houses, Apartments or Dwellings, and the Outhouses and Curtilages thereof, instead of the actual Occupiers 5 and the Inhabitants so assembled in Vestry may and they are hereby autho- How far In-rifed from time to time to rescind, renew, vary and amend every such Resolution and Direction as they shall ^itants in fee Occasion, so as no such Resolution or Direction shall extend to assess or charge the Owner of any House,

Apartment or Dwelling which shall with the Outhouses and Curtilages thereof be let at a greater Rent than iutions of Twenty Pounds or less than Six Pounds as aforesaid; and the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of former Vestry every such Parish are hereby empowered and required to carry into effect all such Resolutions and Directions in this respect, of the Inhabitants in Vestry assembled, and in pursuance and execution thereof, in all Rates to be by them made for the Relief of the Poor, to assess by a fair and equal Pound Rate the Owner or Owners, being the Mode of immediate Lessor or Lessors of the actual Occupier or Occupiers, of every House, Apartment or Dwelling Assessment to which such Resolution and Direction shall extend, for or in respect of the fame, according to the actual B?c1 Rent at which every such House, Apartment or Dwelling shall be let, after making a reasonable Deduction U ° from such Rent, not exceeding in any Case One Half of the fame; and upon Nonpayment of the Sum or Payment levied Sums so to be assessed, the fame may and shall be levied upon, and the Payment thereof be enforced against, M PoorTU* such Owner and Owners, Lessor and Lessors, so to be assessed, and his and their Goods and Chattels, in like manner as Rates for the Relief of the Poor may by Law be levied and recovered, and the Payment thereof enforced, upon and against any actual Occupier on whom the same are charged.

XX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the Goods and Chattels of every Occupier of any such Goods of Occu-

House, Apartment or Dwelling, wrhich shall be found in and about the fame, shall be liable to be distrained and fold for raising so much of any such Rate or Assessment being in Arrear, as shall have become due during j^tes^ the Occupancy of the Person or Persons whose Goods and Chattels shall be so distrained (to be ascertained Amount of the in a summary Way by the Justices granting the Warrant of Distress), so that in no case any greater Sum be Rent actually raised by Distress of the Goods and Chattels of any such Occupier, than shall, at the time of making such <Jue.

Distress, be actually due from such Occupier for Rent of the Premises on which such Distress shall be made;

Provided also, that every Occupier who shall pay any such Rate or Rates, or upon whose Goods or Chattels Occupiers pay-the fame or any Part thereof shall be levied, shall and may deduct the Amount of the Sum which shall be so "g Rates em. paid or levied, out of the Rent by him or them payable 5 and such Payment shall be a sufficient Discharge to every such Occupier for so much of the Rent payable by him as he shall have paid, or as shall have been Amount out levied on his Goods and Chattels, of such Rate, and for the Costs of levying the fame. of their Rent.

XXI. Provided, and be it further enacted, That every Person receiving or claiming the Rent of any such persons receir-House, Apartment or Dwelling, for his or her own Use, or receiving the fame for the Use of any Corpora- ing Rent in tion Aggregate, or of any Landlord or Lessor who shall be a Minor, under Coverture, or insane, or for the certain Cases Use of any Person who shall not be usually resident within Twenty Miles from the Parish in which any such "*» House, Apartment or Dwelling shall be situated, shall for this Purpose be deemed and taken to be and shall Ownen*

be rateable as the Owner thereof.

59 Geo. III.*4 Q XXII. Pro-

662

G. 12.

59° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1819.

appeal; and may vote in Vestries.

"No Owner, not being an Occu* pier, rated, in Places where

Two Justices empowered, in certain Cases, to deliver the Possession of

Mode of Proceeding.

Batsons rated

XXII. Provided aHb, and be it further enacted, That every Person to be rated as the Owner of any such S.2]jiI1W, alnay House, Apartment or Dwelling, who shall think himself or herself aggrieved by any such Rate, shall have such and the like Remedy by Appeal against the fame, as any other Person thereby rated; and every Person so rated shall be entitled, as an Inhabitant of the Parish in and for which he shall be assessed, to be present and to vote in every Vestry or Meeting of the Inhabitants thereof, for the Execution of the Laws for the Relief of the Poor, or for the Consideration of any Matter or Question in relation thereto, in like manner as the Inhabitants of the said Parish.

XXIII. Provided, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to give any Power or Authority to affefe the Owner (not being the Occupier) of any House,

__________ Apartment or Dwelling, in any City, Borough or Town Corporate, in which the Right of voting for the

Right of voting Election of Members to serve in Parliament shall depend upon the Assessment of the Voter to the Poor's Rate, for Members of or to vary or affe6t the manner of assessing and charging any of the Inhabitants or Occupiers of Houses, Parliament de- Lands or Tenements, within any such City, Borough or Town Corporate.

pends on rating.

XXIV. And Whereas Difficulties having frequently arisen, and considerable Expences have sometimes been incurred, by reason of the Refusal of Persons who have been permitted to occupy, or who have intruded*themselves into Parish or Town Houses, or other Tenements or Dwellings built or provided for the Habitation of the Poor, or otherwise belonging to such Parishes, to deliver up the Possession of such Houses, Tenements or Dwellings, when thereto required; and it is expedient to provide a Remedy for the fame Be it further enacted, That if any Person who shall have been permitted to occupy any Parish or Town House, or any other Tenement or Dwelling belonging to or provided by or at the Charge of any Parish, for the Habitation of the Poor thereof, or who shall have unlawfully intruded himself or herself into any such Houfo,

__________ Tenement or Dwelling, or into any House, Tenement or Hereditament belonging to such Parish, shall refuse

Parish Houses, or neglect to quit the fame, and deliver up the Possession thereof to the Churchwardens and Overseers of the from Persons Poor of any such Parish, within One Month after Notice and Demand in Writing for that Purpose, signed intruding by such Churchwardens and Overseers, or the major Part of them, shall have been delivered to the Person iir

wardens P°^e^on> or his or her Absence affixed on some notorious Part of the Premises, it shall be lawful for any

and Overseers. Two of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, upon Complaint to them made by One or more of the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the Parish in which any such House, Tenement or Dwelling shall be situated, to issue their Summons to the Person against whom such Complaint shall be made, to appear before such Justices at a time and Place to be appointed by them, and to cause such Summons to be delivered to the Party against whom the Complaint shall be made, or i» his or her Absence to be affixed on the Premises,

Seven Days at the least before the time appointed for hearing such Complaint 5 and such Justices are hereby

empowered and required, upon the Appearance of the Defendant, or upon Proof on Oath that such Summons hath been delivered or affixed as is hereby directed, to proceed to hear and determine the Matter of such Complaint, and if they shall find and adjudge the same to be true, then by Warrant under their Hands and Seals to cause Possession of the Premises in question to be delivered to the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the Parish, or to some of them.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person to whom any Land appropriated, purchased or taken under the Authority of this Act, for the Employment of the Poor of any Parish, or to whom any other Lands belonging to such Parish, or to the Churchwardens and Overseers thereof, or to either of them, shall have been let for his or her own Occupation, shall refuse ta quit and to deliver up the Possession thereof to the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of such Parish, at the Expiration of the Term for which the same shall have been demised or let to him or her 5 or if any Person or Persons shall unlawfully enter upon, or take or hold Possession of any such Land, or any other Land or Hereditaments belonging to such Parish, or to the Churchwardens or Overseers, or to either of them, it shall be lawful for such Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor, or any of them, after such Notice and Demand of Possession as is by this Act directed in the Case of Parish Houses, to exhibit a Complaint against the Person or Persons in Possession of such Land, before Two of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, who are hereby authorised and required to proceed thereon, and to hear and determine the Matter thereof, and if they shall find and adjudge the same to be true, to cause Possession of such Land to be delivered to the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor, or some of them, in such and the like Course and manner as are by this Act directed with regard to Parish Houses.

XXVI. And Whereas by the said Act passed in the Forty third Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth- for the Relief of the Poor, it was enacted, that the Father and Grandfather, and the Mother and Grand- mother, and the Children of every poor, old, blind, lame and impotent Person, or other poor Person not

able to work, being of a sufficient Ability, shall at their own Charges relieve and maintain every such poor

Person, in that manner and according to that Rate as by the Justices of the Peace of thaft County where such sufficient Persons dwell, or the greater Number of them, at their General Quarter Session, shall be assessed: And Whereas it is expedient to extend the Power which is by the said Act given to Justices in their General ' Quarter Sessions, to Justices in Petty Sessions* Be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Two or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, for the County or other Jurisdiction in which any such sufficient Person shall dwell, and they are hereby empowered, in any Petty Session, to make such Assessment and Order for the Relief of every poor, old, blind, lame, impotent or other poor Person not able to work, upon and by the Father, Grandfather, Mother, Grandmother or Child (being of sufficient Ability) of every such poor Person, as may by virtue of the said Act be made by the Justices in their General Quarter Sessions; and that every such Assessment and Order of Two or more Justices in any Petty Sessions shall have the like Force and Effcdl as if the fame were made by the Justices in their General Quarter Session; and the Disobedience thereof shall be punishable in like manner.

Two Justices empowered to deliver Possession of Land appropriated for the Poor, from Persons intruding thereon, to Churchwardens and Overseers.

43 Elia. c. 2* $7-

Justices in Petty Sessions empowered in like manner to order Relief by Parents, &c.

A.D. 1819. 59° GEORGII III. C. 663

XXVII. And Whereas by the said Adfc passed jrfithe Twenty second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, aa G. 3. c. Sj.

for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, it is enacted, with regard to Parishes which have adopted the Provisions thereof, and for ovfoch a Visitor shall have been appointed, that no Guardian of the Poor shall be summoned to appear before any Just ice of the Peace, upon Complaint or Application to such Just ice for the Relief of any poor Person, unless Application shall have been first made by the Person so complaining to

the Guardian, and upon his Refusal of Redress, to the Visitor: And Whereas in many Cases, by Teafon of the Absence of the Visitor, or the Distance of his Residence, it may not be in the Power of the Complainant

4 to make the Application by the said Act required For Remedy thereof be it further enacted, That if it Cases in \vhkk shall be made to appear to any Justice to whom any such Complaint or Application for Relief shall be made, ^nc that the Visitor of the Parish or United Parishes from which Relief shall be fought is absent from Home, or Gtui^bnMid is resident more than Six Miles from the Place of Abode of the Complainant, and that Application for Relief proceed end hath been made to the Guardian, and hath been refuted, it shall be lawful for such Justice to summon the Guardian make Order to appear before him to answer such Complaint, and to proceed thereon, and make such Order therein, as the without Visitor. Case shall require, in like manner as in Cases where Application hath been made to the Visitor, in the manner by the said Act directed.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace to take in Examination Writing the Examination on Oat}i of any Person having a Wife or Child, who shall be a Prisoner in any Gaol or House of Correction, or in the Custody of the Keeper of any such Gaol or House of Correction, Jurats made or who shall be in the Custody of any Constable or other Peace Officer, by virtue of any Warrant of Evidence. Commitment, touching the Place of his or her lask legal Settlement; and such Examination shall be signed by such Justice taking the fame, and shall be received and admitted in Evidence as to such Settlement before any Justices, for the purpose of any Order of Removal, so long only as the Person so examined shall continue a Prisoner.

XXIX. And Whereas it is expedient to discourage that Reliance upon the Poor's Rates which frequently induces Artisans, Labourers and others, to squander away Earnings which would with suitable Care have afforded sufficient means for the Support of their Families Be it further enacted, That whenever it shall Overseers em*

appear to the Justices, or to the General or Select Vestry, or to such Guardians, Governors or Directors as powered in fcforesaid, or to the Overseers of the Poor, to whom Application shall be made for Relief for any poor Person, fos

that he might, but for his Extravagance, Negkdfc or wilful Misconduct, have been able to maintain hknfelf, by^vay of or to support his Family (as the case may be), it shall be lawful for the Overseers of the Poor (by the Loan only. Direction of the Justices, or of the General or Sekdl Vestry, or of such Guardians, Governors or Directors, where Application shall have been made to them respectively) to advance Money weekly or otherwise, as may be requisite, to the Person so applying, by way of Loan only, and to take his Receipt for, and Engagement to repay every Sum to be so advanced (for which no Stamp Duty -shall be required); and it shall be lawful for any Two Justices, upon the Application (within One Year after any such Loan or Loans) of One or more of the Overseers of the Poor for the time being of the Parish, to summon the Person to whom any Money shall have been so advanced; and if upon Examination by such Justices into his Circumstances, it shall Proceedings appear to them that such Person is able, by weekly Instalments or otherwise, to repay the Whole or any Part of the Money so advanced to him, and for which he shall have given any such Receipt and Engagement, it shall 0 oan* be lawful for such Justices to make an Order under their Hands and &&ls for the Repayment of the Whole or of any Part of such Money, at such time and times, and in such Proportions and manner as they shall see fit 5 and upon every Default of Payment, by their Warrant to commit such Person to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for any time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unless the Sum and Sums which shall be due and payable by virtue of such Order shall be sooner paid.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That when any Person entitled to or in Receipt of any Pension, Super*- Pensions, &-e. annuation or other Allowance, in respect of his Service in the Navy, Royal Marines, Army or Ordnance, S*rrice in shall apply to any Parish for Relief, for himself, or for his Wife or Family, it shall be lawful for the Church- Army Yc. may wardens and Overseers of the Poor to require - the Pensioner or other Person applying for Relief, before the be assigned In fame shall be granted, to assign to them the next Quarterly or other Payment or Allowance which shall become certain Cases payable to him, to the Intent that they may receive the same, and retain for the Use of the Parish so much for the Indem-thereofas shall have been by them advanced for the Relief of such Pensioner, or other Person, or of his Wife or of Parishes. Family residing with him in such Parish; and it shall also be lawful for the Churchwardens and Overseers of the And Church-Poor of any Parish, at the Request of any Person who shall be entitled to or in the Receipt of any such Pension* wardens, &c. Superannuation, or other Allowance, to advance for his Support, Or the Support of foo Family, any weekly may ^vane Sum not exceeding the Rate of his Pension or Allowance, to be repaid by and out of the next Quarterly or Other Payment of such Pension or Allowance, and to take an Assignment thereof by way of Security for the a Money so to be advanced, any thing in any Act or Actio to the contrary notwithstanding; and every Assignment to be made of any such Pension, Superannuation or Allowance, for the Purposes of this Act, shall be exempt from Stamp Dtity, and shall be in the Form, or to the Effect following; tjiat is to say*

1 [naming the Pensioner or other applicant, and Hating such Particulars as shall he requisite] do hereby assign Form of«A to the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the Parish of the next Assignment.

Payment of the Pension, at the Rate of ' as the case may bc-\ granted to me as ia order to secure to the said Parish of

4Q2

per Diem, [or,

and payable from the Repayment of the Sum of

advanced

664

Such Assignment, attested by Justice, transmitted by Churchwarden, &c. to Paymaster General, &c.

Pension assigned to be paid to Churchwardens, &c. for Use of Parish, 'Ac.

Assignment void by Death of Pensioner before Day of Payment

Two Justices may order Payment to Overseers of Pensions, &c. of Persons leaving their Families chargeable.

And Paymaster General, &c. to make such Payment accordingly.

How Churchwardens, &c. to apply the same.

Two Justices empowered to order Payment of Wages of Seaman, whose Family during his Absence has become chargeable, for the Indemnity of Parishes.

C.

12.

59° GEORGII III. A.D. 1819.

advanced to me, [or, of the weekly Sum of ordered

or agreed to be advanced to me, as the case may be-], by such Churchwardens and Overseers.

Signed by the above named "k

before me, One of His Majesty's Justices off

the Peace for

this Day of j

And every such Assignment, attested by One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, of any Quarterly or other Payment payable by the Commissioners for the Affairs of the Royal Hospitals at Chelsea or Greenwich, or by the Paymaster of the Royal Marines, or the Treasurer of the Board of Ordnance respectively, and made as aforesaid to the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of any Parish, shall be transmitted by such Churchwarden or Overseer, at least One Month before such Payment shall become due, under Cover, addressed to the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces, with the Words Chelsea Pensioner" written thereon, or to the Paymaster of Pensions at Greenwich Hospital, with the Words " Greenwich Pensioner" written thereon, or to the Paymaster of the Royal Marines, with the Words Royal Marines Pensioner" written thereon, or to the Secretary to the Board of Ordnance, with the Words Ordnance Pensioner" written thereon; who shall thereupon respectively cause the said Payment to be made to the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor of the Parish for whose Security the Assignment shall have been made, in- the /ame manner as the said Payment would have been made to the Person assigning the fame if no such Assignment had been made; and such Churchwardens and Overseers, or any One or more of them, are and is hereby authorised to receive the same, and to retain thereout for the Use of the Parish so much as shall have been advanced and paid on Security thereof, and forthwith to pay the Residue (if any there shall be) to the Pensioner or Person by whom such Assignment shall have been made; and if any Question shall arise between the Pensioner or Person making any such Assignment and the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of any Parish, touching the Amount which shall be due and payable to them by virtue of any such Assignment, the same shall be determined in a summary Way by One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, and nis Order and Determination therein shall be final and conclusive: Provided that no such Assignment shall entitle the Churchwardens and Overseers to whom the same shall be made, to receive the Pension or Allowance purporting to be thereby assigned, if the Party assigning the same shall die before the time when such Pension or other Allowance would have become payable to him if no such Assignment thereof had been made.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That when any Pensioner, or other Person entitled to or in Receipt of any such Pension or other Allowance as aforesaid, shall leave his Wife or Family chargeable, or suffer them to become chargeable to any Parish, it shall be lawful for Two or more Justices, upon Complaint thereof to them made by any one or more of the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of such Parish, and verified on Oath, by Order under their Hands and Seals to direct that the next Payment which shall become due of such Pension or other Allowance shall be made to the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the Parish to which such Wife or Family shall have become chargeable; and any One or more of such Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor shall transmit such Order to the aforesaid Commissioners for the Affairs of the Royal Hospitals at Chelsea or Greenwich, or the Secretary of the Board of Ordnance respectively, in like manner as any Assignment is hereinbefore directed to be transmitted to the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces, and the Paymaster of Pensions at Greenwich, the Paymaster of the Royal Marines, and the Secretary of the Board of Ordnance, as the case may be; which said Paymaster General, or Paymaster of Pensions at Greenwich, or the Treasurer of the Board of Ordnance, shall thereupon, and upon sufficient Proof being given that the Person whose Pension or other Allowance shall be directed to be paid shall have been living when the same shall become payable, and would have been entitled to receive the same if no such Order had been made, cause the said Payment to be made to the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the Parish for whose Security such Order shall have been made; and the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor receiving any such Pension or other Allowance by virtue of any such Order, shall retain and apply the fame, or so much thereof as shall have been actually expended for the purposes aforesaid, for the Use and Indemnity of the Parish, and shall pay the Overplus (if any there shall be) to the Pensioner or Person entitled thereto; and upon the Receipt of any such Order as aforesaid, by which the Pension, or other Allowance to be mentioned therein, shall be directed to be paid to such Churchwardens and Overseers as aforesaid, the Payment thereof shall be suspended, until sufficient Proof shall have been given to entitle the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the Parish, in such Order named, to receive the Money thereby directed to be paid to them.

XXXII. And Whereas in many Instances the Wives and Families of Seamen employed in the Merchants* 4 Service become chargeable to Parishes, while their Husbands and Fathers ar^ absent on such Service, and it is expedient to provide for the Indemnity of such Parishes by and out of the Wages of such Seamen Be it therefore further enacted, That where the Wife or Family of any Seaman employed in any Voyage or Trip (not being His Majesty's Service) shall, during his Absence on such Employment, become chargeable to any Parish, it shall be lawful for two Justices, upon Complaint thereof to them made by any One or more of the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of such Parish, and verified on Oath, by Order under their Hands and Seals, to direct the acting Owner or Owners, Ship's Husband or Agent of the Ship or Vessel in which such Seaman shall be employed, to pay out of the Wages which shall become due to such Seaman, unto the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the Parish to which his Wife or Family shall have become chargeable, so much as shall have been by such Parish necessarily expended for their Maintenance or Relief, (the Amount, in case of any Dispute, to be ascertained by Two Justices, whose Determination thereon shall

be

A.D. 1819. 59° GEORGII III. C. 12. 665

be final); and upon the Production of any such Order, the Owner, Ship's Husband or Agent, by whom the And the Ow- Wages of the Seaman therein to be named shall be payable, shall pay to such One or more of the Church- »er, &c.to -wardens and Overseers of the Poor of the Parish for whole Indemnity such Order shall have been made, as shall demand the fame, the Sum and Sums to be therein specified and directed to be paid, or so much thereof as the Wag es then due shall amount unto; and the Payment to and Receipt of any such Churchwarden or Overseer, wardens, &c. shall be a good Discharge for so much of such Wages as shall be paid to them or him by virtue of any such accordingly. Order 5 and if any such Ownfer, Ship's Husband or Agent, shall refuse or neglect to pay to the Churchwarden And upon or Overseer producing any such Order, the Money thereby directed to be paid, or so much thereof as shall be ^TOm

actually due for the Wages of the Seaman to be therein named, the fame may be levied and recovered, and the Payment thereof enforced, against the Owner or Owners, Ship's Husband or Agent, by whom the same shall o^er, ateTiiL be payable, in such and the like manner as Poor's Rates in Arrear may be levied and recovered, and the Pay- in the Case of -jnent thereof enforced, against the Parties and Persons chargeable and charged therewith: Provided always, Poor-'s Rates, that nothing herein contained shall authorise or compel the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money by such Proviso, acting Owner or Owners, Ship's Husband or Agent, until the Voyage in which the Vessel shall be so engaged shall be completed, nor beyond the Sum that shall be then actually due to such Seaman, by such acting Owner or Owners, Ship's Husband or Agent, as Wages or otherwise.

XXXIII. And Whereas poor Persons, born in Scotland and Ireland, and in the Isles of Man, Jersey and Guernsey, frequently become chargeable to Parishes in England, and no Provision is made for the Removal of any such poor Person, unless he or she shall have committed some Act of Vagrancy, and shall be adjudged to be 4 a Rogue and Vagabond; and no Person so adjudged can be lawfully removed without having been first publicly whipped or imprisoned in the House of Correction: And Whereas it is expedient to authorise the Removal of such poor Persons, although they may not have committed any Act of Vagrancy, and to authorise Justices of the Peace to cause such of them as may be adjudged to be Rogues and Vagabonds, to be conveyed by a Pass, without having been first whipped or imprisoned 5' Be it therefore further enacted, That it shall Power to Two be lawful for Two Justices of the Peace, and they are hereby required, upon the Complaint of the Church- Justices to rewardens and Overseers of the Poor of any Parish, that any Person born in Scotland or in Ireland, or in either of the Isles of Man, Jersey and Guernsey, hath become chargeable to such Parish, by himself or herself, or his jn Scotland or her Family, to cause such Person to be brought before mem, and to examine such Person, and any other Ireland, &c. Witness or Witnesses, on Oath, touching the Place of the Birth or last legal Settlement of every such Person, although they and to inquire whether he or she, or any of his or her Children, hath or have gained any Settlement in that JJot com" Part of the United Kingdom called England; and if it shall be found by such Justices, that the Person so any Act

brought before them was born in Scotland or Ireland, or in either of the Isles of Man, Jersey and Guernsey, and hath not gained any Settlement in England, and that he or she hath actually become chargeable to the complaining Parish, by himself or herself, or his or her Family, then such Justices shall and they are hereby empowered, by a Pais under their Hands and Seals, in the Form or to the Effect prescribed by the Act pafl*ed in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, to amend the Laws 17 G. 2. c.y. relating to Rogues and Vagabonds (mutatis mutandis), to cause such poor Person, his Wife, and such of his §7 — or her Children so chargeable as shall not have gained a Settlement in England, to be removed to the Place of his or her Birth or last legal Settlement, in the manner by the said Act directed for the Removal of Rogues and Vagabonds to Scotland and Ireland, and the Isles of Man, Jersey and Guernsey; and all Constables and other Officers, and all Masters of Vessels, are hereby required to convey every Person so to be passed in the manner by the said Act directed for the Conveyance of Rogues and Vagabonds.

XXXIV. And it is hereby further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace, who shall Scotch and adjudge any Person born in Scotland or in Ireland, or in any of the Isles of Man, Jersey and Guernsey, (and Irish VagraJ3ts not having gained a Settlement in England, ) to be a Rogue and Vagabond, in his Discretion and according to ^without*0* the Circumstances of the Case, either to order him to be whipped, or him or her to be imprisoned in the House being whipped of Correction, as by the Laws in being are directed, before he or she shall be removed, or to cause such Rogue or imprisoned, and Vagabond to be removed without having been so whipped or imprisoned.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That all Powers and Authorities by this Act given to and vested in Justices to act Justices of the Peace, shall be exercised and executed by such Justices within the Limits of their respective within their Commission8 and Jurisdictions, and not elsewhere; and that all Provisions, Clauses, Authorities and Directions in this Act contained, in relation to Parishes, shall extend and be construed to extend to all Township, Vills «... and Places having separate Overseers of the Poor, and maintaining their Poor separately 5 and that all Acts and Duties required or authorised by this Act to be done and executed by Churchwardens and Overseers of Parishes ap-the Poor, may in every Parish be performed, exercised and executed by the major Part of the Churchwardens plied to Town-and Overseers of the Poor thereof; and that in Township, Vills and Places which have no Churchwarden, &c*i the fame may be performed, exercised and executed by the Overseers of the Poor thereof, or the major Part Majority to act of them 5 and that all the Powers, Provisions and Clauses in this Act contained, which relate to Vestries, or Powers given to the Inhabitants of any Parish in Vestry assembled, shall be construed to extend to all Meetings of the to Vestries Inhabitants of any Township, Vill or Place, having separate Overseers of the Poor, and maintaining its Poor .applied to separately, to be held after due and legal Notice for carrying into Execution the Laws for the Relief of the

Poor, as fully as if in .every such Provision and Clawfe they were severally and respectively named and ° repeated.

XXXVI. Provided, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be con- Proviso for ftrued to extend to take away, abridge, alter, prejudice or affect, further than is hereby expressly enacted, po^ra

any of the Powers, Directions, Provisions or Regulations contained in the said Act passed in the Twenty ^ere the P*£ second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, in or with yuionsare

respect adopted;

'606

an&4or Powers given b f Special Acts:

«od for Select Vestries, by ancient Custom, &c.

Act to extend to England only.

£1.12, 13. 59° GEORGII '111. A.D. 1819.

respect to such Parities, Township and Places as have adopted, or as shall'adopt and become subject to the Provinons of that; nor to take away, abridge, alter, prejudice nr affect any of the Powers or Provisiotia of any special or local Act or Acts, for the Maintefiance, Relief or Regulation of the Poor, in any City, Town, Hundred, Diflri£l, Parish or Place, so nevertheless that in every City, Town, Hundred, DHhi&, Parish or Place, such of the Clattfes, Directions and Powers in this Act contained, as are not repugnant to, nor incompatible with, the Provisions of the said Act of the Twenty second Year of His Majesty's Reign, or of such respective special or local Acts, shall have the like Force and Effect, and may be adopted and applied in like manner, as in other Parities and Places: Provided also, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be conllrued to extend to alter, affe£l or disturb any Select Vestry which in any Parish has been established and acted upon by virtue of any ancient Usage or Cullom.

: ^XXVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall extend only to that Part of the United Kingdom called England,

CAP. XIII.

J6 G. 3. C. 66.

58 G. 3. c. 16.

continued.

Duty on Hones used by Butchers reduced.

48G. 3. c. 55. 5»G-3. c. 93.

Duties on Horses not exceeding Thirteen Hands high.

Proviso'for Exemptions.

Mens kept

for Bree&ng exempted: end Horses bred by She Seller, &c.

Duty on Horse kept for Bailiff, to cease.

New Duty.

An Act to continue Two Acts of the Fifty Sixth and Fifty Eighth Years of His present Majesty, for reducing the Duties payable on Horses used foT the Purposes therein mentioned, to the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and twenty one; and to reduce the Duties chargeable under certain Acts of the Forty Eighth and Fifty Second Years of His present Majesty, in respect of certain Horses, Mares, Geldings and Mules. .[31st March 1819.]

WHEREAS by.an Act passed in thei Fifty sixth Year of the Reign of tHis present Majesty, intituled

YV An Act for reducing the Duties payable on Horses used for the Purposes therein mentioned for Two Tears,

and for repealing the Acts granting Allowances in respect of Children^ certain Duties of Assessed Taxes were

discontinued and suspended, and other Duties substituted in lieu thereof, for the Term of Two Years next after the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixteen; and which Rates of fubditoted Duties were continued by another Act passed in the Fifty eighth Year of the Reign of His said Majesty,

intituled An Act to continue until the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred send nineteen, and amend

an Act of the Fifty sixth Year of His present Majesty, for reducing the Duties payable on Horses used for the ' purposes therein mentioned and extended to other Cases therein mentioned, for the Term of One Year, from the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and eighteen until the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and nineteen: And Whereas it is expedient to continue the fame Rates of Duty in

the said Several Acts mentioned for a further time Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the several Duties, and the Regulations and Provisions for assessing, charging, raising, levying, collecting, applying and accounting for the Tame, in the said several Acts mentioned, shall be and the same are hereby severally continued from the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and nineteen until and upon the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and twenty one.

II. And Whereas it is expedient that the Duties of Assessed Taxes now chargeable under certain Acts, < passed in the Forty eighth and Fifty second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, in respect of

Horses, Mares and Geldings herein after described, should be reduced as herein after is provided Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the said Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, the progressive Duties chargeable on Horses, Mares or Geldings, shall, in the Cases herein after mentioned, be discontinued; and that from and after the said Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, there shall be charged and paid for every Horse, Mare or Gelding which shall be wholly used by any Butcher or his Servant or Servants in his Trade, the annual Sum of Two Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Sixpence; provided that where such Butcher shall so use Two Horses, Mares or Geldings, and no more, there shall be charged for such Seoond Horse, Mare or Gelding, the annual Sum of One Pound One Shilling.

III. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, the Duties chargeable on Horses, Mares or Geldings not exceeding the Height rf Thirteen Hands, used for the Purposes of riding or drawing Carriages, shall cedfe and determine; and that from and after the said Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, there shall be charged and paid for every Horse, Mare or Gelding, not exceeding the Height of Thirteen Hands, and used for the Purposes of riding or drawing any Carriage, the annual Sum of Two Pounds Two Shillings: Provided nevertheless, that nothing in this Act contained shall take away the Exemption or Relief to which any Pertim keeping and using any such Horse, Mare or Gelding is now by Law entitled.

IV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Fifth Day of Apr'd One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, all Mares which shall be kept for the sole purpose of Breeding, shall whilst so kept be wholly exempt from Duty; and that all Persons fluffl and may fell any Horses which shall have been bred by them or kept by them as Farming Stock upon Lands m their Occupation, for the Space of Three Months at the lead, without being liable to be assessed to the Duties payable by Horse Dealers; any thing in any Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, the Duties payable under the said several Acts, in respect of One Horse, Mare or Gelding, bond side kept for and usually employed by any Bailiff upon the Concerns of aity Farm or Farm* with which he may be intruded, shall cease during the Continuance of this Act; and that from and after the

said

A.D. 1819. 59° GEORGII III. C. 13 — 16. 66y

frid Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, there shall be charged far any such Horse',

Mare or Gelding so kept and used, the annual Sum of Two Pounds Ten Shillings.

VI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Fifth Day of Abril One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, the Duties payable under the said feveraf Act, in respect of Mules kept by every Person seeking his or her Livelihood by the Carriage or Conveyance of Ore, Slate or Stone, or Coal) or Culm, to or from the Mine or Pit, shall cease during the Continuance of this Act; and that from and after the said Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, every Person keeping any Mule or Mules' for the Purpose of carrying Ore, Slate or Stope, or Coal or Culm, to or from the Mine or Pit, or for the Purpose of carrying any Lime, Sea Sand, Sea Weed, or other Manure, shall be charged for each such Mule the annual Sum of Three Shillings; provided that such Ore, Slate or Stone, Coal or Culm, Lime, Sea Sand, Sea Weed, or other Manure, be loaded on the Backs of such Mules, and not otherwise.

VII. And Whereas Persons occupying farms in the Cases Specified in the said Act are deprived of the benefit of the reduced Duties if any Hones, Mares or Geldings shall be lent or let by them for Hire; '

Be it therefore enacted, That nothing in the said recited Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend so as to preclude any Occupier of Land therein described from the benefit of the reduced Assessment therein mentioned, by reason of his, her or their lending or letting any Horse or Horses, Mare or Mares, Gelding or Geldings, in respect of which such reduced Assessment shall be made, to be employed solely bond side and for no other Purpose whatsoever except for the Purposes of Agriculture, or for the making or repairing ofj Roads, or for drawing Coal, Wood, Peat or Turf for Consumption as Fuel in any Private House or Houses, and not for the Purposes of Sale.

VIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That any Tenant coming into the Occupation of his or her Farm at or after Midsummer in any Year, may appeal to the Commissioners for executing this Act, and on Proof to their Satisfaction that he or she shall not have kept or used any Horses, Mares or Geldings, by him or her used in the Cultivation of the said Farm, prior to his or her coming into the Occupation of such Farm, shall be entitled to be released and discharged from One Moiety of the Annual Assessment payable in respect of the said Horses, Mares or Geldings.

CAP. XIV.

An Act to continue, until the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty three, an Act of the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty, for permitting the Exportation of Wool from the British Plantations m America. .*£31st March 1819.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the Forty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled 46 G. 3. c. 17. An Act to permit, until the Twenty fifth Day 0/*March One thousand eight hundred and nmef the Exportation to the United Kingdom of Wool from the British Plantations in America; which said Act was continued by an Act of the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, and which is near expiring, and fit to be continued; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act shall be and the fame is hereby continued from the said Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand contbutd. eight hundred and nineteen until the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty three.

Duty on Mules for carrying Ore, &c. from Mines, made to cease.

New Duty.

[Proviso.]

Proviso for lending or letting of Horses for the Purposes of Agriculture* &c.

On Appeal, Tenants coming into Occupation at or after Midsummer discharged* from Moiety of Annual Assessment.

CAP. XV.

An Act to continue, until the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, an Act of the Fifty fourth Year of His present Majesty, for granting certain Duties on Merchandise imported into Ireland from any Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies.

[31st March 1819.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled 54 G. 3. c. 103. An Act to grant, until the Tenth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and nineteen9 certain Duties on Goods, Wares and Merchandise imported into Ireland from any Port or Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies; and to establish further Regulotions for the better Security of the Revenue on Goods so imported; which said Act is near expiring, and fit to be continued; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act shall be and the fame is hereby continued until the First Day of continued*

July One thousand eight hundred and twenty one.

CAP. XVI.

An Act; to carry into Effect the Treaty with the Netherlands, relating to the Slave Trade.

[31st March 1819.]

WHEREAS a Treaty was made between His Majesty and His Majesty the King of the Netherlands, Netherland for preventing their Subjects from engaging in any Traffic in Slaves, and signed at the Hague on the Treaty, 4th 4 Fourth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and eighteen: And Whereas the First Article of the said 1818'

'.Treaty, after reciting that the Laws of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland rendering it. Arki.

already highly penal for th* Subjects. of His Britannic Majesty to carry on or to be in any way engaged in

'Trade

668

Art a.

Merchant Vessels with Slaves may be visited and detained.

Art. 3. Mode and Extent of such Visits; which are not to be made in the Mediterranean, or certain Parts of the Euro; pean Seas.

Art 4. Indemnity for Lrosses by unjust Detention.

Act. 5. Ships not having Slaves not to be detained.

Art 6. Instructions to be annexed to this Treaty.

Art 7. Mixed Courts appointed for Adjudication of detained Vessels.

C. 16. 59° GEORGII III. A.D. 1819.

1 Trade in Slaves, His Majesty the King of the Netherlands, referring to the Eighth Article of the Convention V entered into with His Britannic Majesty, on the Thirteenth of August One thousand eight hundred and

fourteen, engages, in pursuance thereof, and within Eight Months from the Ratification of the said Treaty,

or sooner if possible, to prohibit all his Subjects in the most effectual manner, and especially by penal Law*

the most formal, to take any Part whatever in the Trade of Slaves; and in the Event of the Measures

already taken by the British Government, and to be taken by that of the Netherlands, being found ineffectual or inefficient, His Majesty and His Majesty the King of the Netherlands, mutually engage to adopt such further Measures, whether by legal Provision or otherwise, as may from time to time appear to be heft calculated in the most effectual manner to prevent all their respective Subjects from taking any Share whatever in this nefarious Traffic: And Whereas by the Second Article of the said Treaty, for the more complete Attainment of the Object of preventing all Traffic in Slaves on the Part of their respective Subjects, His Majesty and

His Majesty the King of the Netherlands mutually consent that the Ships of their Royal Navies, which (hdl 4 _ be provided with special Instructions for this Purpose, as thereinafter mentioned, may visit such Merchant Vessels of the Two Nations as may be suspected upon reasonable grounds of having Slaves on board deftmed for an illicit Traffic; and in the Event only of their finding such Slaves on board, may detain and bring a\ypy such Vessels, in order that they may be brought to Trial before the Tribunals established for this Purpose, as thereinafter specified: And Whereas by the Third Article of the said Treaty, for the explaining the Mode of Execution of the preceding Article, it is agreed; First, That such reciprocal Right of Visit and Detention shall not be exercised within the Mediterranean Sea, or within the Seas in Europe lying without the Straits of Gibraltar, and which lie to the Northward of the Thirty seventh Parallel of North Latitude, and also within and to the Eastward of the Meridian of Longitude Twenty Degrees West of Greenwich; Secondly, That the Names of the several Vessels furniftied with such Instructions, the Force of each, and the Names of their several Commanders, shall be from time to time, immediately upon their Issue, communicated by the Power iffuing the same to the other of the said Powers; Thirdly, That the Number of Ships of each of the Royal Navies,

authorised to make such Visit as aforesaid, shall not exceed the Number of Twelve, belonging to either of 4 them, His said Majesty or His Majesty the King of the Netherlands, without the special Consent of the other of them being first had and obtained; Fourthly, That if at any time it should be deemed expedient that any

Ship of the Royal Navy of either of them, His said Majesty or His Majesty the King of the Netherlands, authorised to make such Visit as aforesaid, should proceed to visit any Merchant Ship or Ships under the Flag and proceeding under the Convoy of any Vessel or Vessels of the Royal Navy of the other of them, His said Majesty or His Majesty the King of the Netherlands, that the Commanding Officer of the Ship duly authorised and instructed to make such visit, shall proceed to effect the fame in communication with the Commanding Officer of the Convoy, who it is thereby agreed shall give every Facility to such Visit, and to the eventual'4 Detainer of the Merchant Ship or Ships so visited, and in all things assist to the utmost of his Power in the; 4 due Execution of the said Convention, according to the true Intent and meaning thereof; Fifthly, it is further mutually agreed, That the Commanders of the Ships of the Two Royal Navies who shall be employed on this Service, shall adhere strictly to the exact Tenor of the Instructions which they shall receive for this Purpose: And Whereas by the Fourth Article of the said Treaty, His Majesty and His Majesty the King of the Netherlands, engage mutually to make good any Losses which their respective Subjects may incur unjustly*

4 by the arbitrary and illegal Detention of their Vessels, it being understood that this Indemnity shall invariablybe borne by the Government whose Cruizer shall have been guilty of the arbitrary Detention; and that the Visit and Detention of Ships specified in the said Article shall only be effected by those British or NetherlasuT 4 Vessels which may form Part of the Two Royal Navies, and by those only of such Vessels which are provided with the special Instructions annexed to the said Treaty, in pursuance of the Provisions thereof:

And Whereas by the Fifth Article of the said Treaty it is agreed, That no British or Netherland Cruizer shall detain any Ship whatever, not having Slaves actually on board; and in order to render lawful the Detention of any Ship, whether British or Netherlands the Slaves found on board such Vessel mull have been brought there for the express Purpose of the Traffic: And Whereas by the Sixth Article of the said Treaty it is agreed. That all Ships of the Royal Navies of the Two Nations, which shall hereafter be destined to prevent the Traffic in Slaves, shall be furniftied by their respective Governments with a Copy

of the Instructions annexed to the said Treaty, and which shall be considered as an integral Part thereof

with a Proviso nevertheless in the said Treaty, that His Majesty and His Majesty the King of the

Netherlands, with mutual Consent, may alter the said Instructions in Whole or in Part, according to Circumstances: And Whereas, in order to bring to Adjudication, with the least Delay and Inconvenience, the Vessels which may be detained fot* having been engaged in a Traffic of Slaves, according to the Tenor of the

Fifth Article of the said Treaty, it is by the Seventh Article of the said Treaty agreed, That there shall be established, within the Space of a Year at farthest from the Exchange of the Ratification of the said Treaty,

Two mixed Courts of Justice, formed of an equal Number of Individuals of the Two Nations, named for thi«

Purpose by their respective Sovereigns; that these Courts shall reside, One in a Possession belonging to His

Britannic Majesty, the other within the Territories of His Majesty the King of the Netherlands; and that the Two Governments, at the Period of the Exchange of the Ratifications of the said Treaty, shall declare each

for its own Dominions in what Places the Courts shall respectively reside, each reserving to itself the Right of changing at its Pleasure the Place of Residence of the Court held within its own Dominions: Provided however, That One of the Two Courts shall always be held upon the Coast of Africa^ and the other in One of the Colonial Possessions of His Majesty the King of the Netherlands; and that these Courts shall judge the Causes submitted to them, according to the Terms of the said Treaty, without Appeal, and according tea ' the Regulations and Instructions annexed to the said Treaty, of which they shall be considered as an

integral

A.D. 1819. 59° GEORGII III. C. 16.

integral Part: And Whereas by the Eighth Article of the said Treaty it is agreed, That in case the Commanding Officer of any of the Ships of the Royal Navies of Great Britain and of the Netherlands^ com* ' missioned under the Second Article of the said Treaty, shall deviate in any Respect from the Dispositions of the said Treaty, and shall not be enabled to justify himself, either by the Tenor of the said Treaty, or of the Instructions annexed to it, the Government which shall conceive itself to be wronged by such Condu61, shall be entitled to demand Reparation; and in such Case the Government to which the Captor may belong, binds itself to cause Inquiry to be made into the Subject of the Complaint, and to inflict upon the Captor, if he be found to have deserved it, a Punishment proportioned to the Transgression which may have been committed:

And Whereas by the Ninth Article of the said Treaty it is declared, That certain Act or Instruments annexed to the said Treaty shall form an integral Part thereof, and which are as follows, that is say*;

Inftra&ions for the Ships of the Royal Navies of both Nations, destined to prevent the Traffic in Slaves, and Regulations for the mixed Courts of Justice which are to hold their Sittings on the Coast of Africa^ and in '4 One of the Colonial Possessions of His Majesty the King of the Netherlands: And Whereas by the First Article of the said Instructions before referred to, and made an integral Part of the said Treaty, it is

provided, That every Ship of the Royal British or Netherland Navy, which, furnished with the said Instructions, shall, in conformity with the Second Article of the said Treaty, have a Right to visit the Merchant Ships of either of the Two Powers actually engaged, or suspected to be engaged, in the Slave Trade, may (except in the Sea3 exempted by the Third Article of the said Treaty) proceed to such Visit, and should any Slaves be found on board for the express Purpose of being made a Traffic of, the Commander of the said Ship of the Royal Navy may detain them, and having detained them, he is to bring them as soon as possible for Judgment before that of the Two mixed Courts of Justice, appointed by the Seventh Article of the said Treaty, which shall be the nearest, or which the Commander of the capturing Ship shall, upon his own Responsibility, think he can soonest reach from the Spot where the Ship shall have been detained; and that Ships on board of which no Slaves shall be found intended for Purposes of Traffic, shall not be detained on any Account or Pretence whatever; and that Negro Servants or Sailors that may be found on board the said Vessels, cannot

in any Case be deemed a sufficient Cause for Detention: And Whereas by the Second Article of the said Instructions it is provided, That whenever a Ship of the Royal Navy so commissioned shall meet a Merchantman liable to be Searched, it shall be done in the mildest Manner, and with every Attention which is due between allied and friendly Nations; and in no case shall the Search be made by an Officer holding a Rank

inferior to that of Lieutenant in the Navies of Great Britain and of the Netherlands: And Whereas by the Third Article of the said Instructions it is provided, That the Ships of the Royal Navies so commissioned which may detain any Merchant Ship, in pursuance of the Tenor of the said Instructions, shall leave on board all the Cargo, as well as the Matter, and a Part at least of the Crew of the said Ship $ and that the Captor shall draw up in Writing an authentic Declaration, which shall exhibit the State in which he found the detained Ship, and the Changes which may have taken place in it; and that he shall deliver to the Matter of the detained Ship, a signed Certificate of the Papers seized on board the said Vessel, as well as the Number of Slaves found on board at the Moment of Detention; and that the Negroes shall not be disembarked till after the Vessels which contain them shall be arrived at the Place where the Legality of the Capture is to be tried, by One of the Two mixed Courts, in order that in the Event of their not being adjudged legal Prize, the Loss of the Proprietors may be more easily repaired; but that if urgent Motives, deduced from the Length of the Voyage, the State of Health of the Negroes, or other Causes, require that they should be so disembarked, entirely or in part, before the Vessel can arrive at the Place of Residence of One of the said Courts, the Commander of the capturing Ship may take on himself the Responsibility of such Disembarkation, provided that the Necessity be stated in a Certificate in proper Form: And Whereas by the First Article of the Regulations for the mixed Courts of Justice, which are to reside on the Coast of Africa, and in a Colonial Possemon of His Majesty the King of the Netherlands, and which are annexed to the said Treaty as Part thereof; it is provided. That the said mixed Courts of Justice so to be established by the said Treaty, shall decide upon the Legality of the Detention of such Vessels as the Cruizers of both Nations shall detain in pursuance of the said Treaty, and that the said Courts shall judge definitively and without Appeal, according to the said Treaty, and that the Proceeding shall take place as summarily as possible; and the said Courts shall decide (as far as they shall find it practicable) within the Space of Twenty Days, to be dated from that on which every detained Vessel shall have been brought into the Port where they shall reside first, upon the Legality of the Capture; secondly, in the Cases in which the captured Vessel shall have been liberated, as to the Indemnification which the said Vessel is to receive; and it is by the said Article of the said Regulations provided, that in all Cases the final Sentence shall not be delayed on account of the Absence of Witnesses, or for want of other Proofs, beyond the Period of Two Months, except upon the Application of any of the Parties interested, when, upon their giving satisfactory Security to charge themselves with the Expence and Risk of the Delay, the Courts may at their Discretion grant an additional Delay, not exceeding Four Months: And by the Second Article of the said Regulations it is provided, That each of the above mentioned mixed Courts, which are to reside on the Coast of Africa, and in a colonial Possession of His Majesty the King of the Netherlands, shall be composed in the following manner, that is to say, that His Majesty, and His Majesty the King of the Netherlands, shall each of them name a Judge and an Arbitrator, who shall be authorised to hear and to decide without Appeal all Cases of Capture of Vessels, which in pursuance of the Stipulations of the said Treaty shall be brought before them; and that all the essential Parts of the Proceedings carried on before these mixed Courts, shall be written down in the legal Language of the Country in which the Court may reside; and that the Judges and the Arbitrators shall 59 Geo. III. 4 R 4 make

669

Art. 8. Punishment of Naval Officers for Misconduct.

Art 9. Instructions and Regulations declared Part of the Treaty.

Instructions.

Art 1.. Mode of Visit, Detention, &c. of Ships.

Art 2. Search made in a friendly manner.

Art. 3. Cargo, &c. shall be left on board detained Ships.

Regulations.

Art 1. Mode of proceeding before the mixed Courts.

Art 0. How such mixed Courts shall be composed.

Art. $. Form of the Process

Art. 4. Declaration of Captor.

Art..?. Indemnity on Liberation'of Vesaelv&c.

Art. 6. Proceeding* on Condemnation.

Art 7. Compensation for Detention of Vessels not condemned.

On Total Loss.

Partial Lose.

Misconduct of Captain of detained Ship.

C. 16. 59° GEORGII III. A.D. 1819.

make Oath before the principal Magistrate of the Place in which the Courts may reside, to judge fairly and faithfully, to have no Preference either for the Claimants or Captors, and to act in all their Decisions in pursuance of the Stipulations of the said Treaty 5 and that there shall be attached to each Court a Secretary

or Registrar, appointed by the Sovereign of the Country in which the Court may reside, who shall register all its Act», ami who, previous to his taking Charge of his Pod, shall make Oath before the Court, to

conduct himself with Respect for their Authority, and to act with Fidelity in all the Affairs which may belong to his Charge: And by the Third Article of the said Regulations it is provided, That the Form of the Procefe shall be as follows, (that is to say, ) the Judges of the Two Nations shall in the first Place proceed to the Examination of the Papers of the Vessels, and to receive the Depositions of the Captain, and of Two or Three at lead of the principal Individuals on board of the detained Vessel, as well as the Declaration on Oath of the Captor, should it appear necessary in order to be able to judge and to pronounce, whether the said Vessel has been judly detained or not, according to the Stipulations of the said Treaty, and in order that, according to such Judgment, it may be condemned or liberated 5 and in the Event of the Two Judges not agreeing in the Sentence they ought to pronounce, either as to the Legality of the Detention, or the Indemnification to be allowed, or any other Question which might result from the Stipulations of the said Treaty, they shall draw by Lot the Name of One of the Two Arbitrators, who, after having considered the Documents of the Process, shall confuh with the said Judges on the Case in Question, and the final Sentence shall be pronounced conformably to the Opinion of the Majority of the said Judges and of the said Arbitrator: And by the Fourth Article of the said Regulations it is provided. That in the authenticated Declaration which the Captor shall make before the Court, as well as in the Certificate of the Papers seized, which shall be delivered to the Captain of the captured Vessel at the time of the Detention, the Captor shall be bound to declare his Name, and the Name of his Vessel, as well as the Latitude and Longitude of the Place where the Detention shall have taken place, and the Number of Slaves found on board of the Ship at the time of the Detention: And by the Fifth Article of the said Regulations it is provided. That as soon as Sentence shall have been pronounced, the detained Vessel, if liberated, and the Cargo, in the State in which it shall then be found, shall be restored ta the Mailer or the Person who represents him, who may, before the fame Court, claim a Valuation of the Damages which he may have a Right to demand; and the Captor himself, and in his Default his Government, shall remain responsible for the above mentioned Damages; and the said Governments respectively bind themselves to pay, within the Term of a Year from the Date of the Sentence, the Coils and Damages which may be granted by the above named Court, it being understood that these Coils and Damages mall be at the Expence of the Power of which the Captor ihallbe a Subject: And by the Sixth Article of the said Regulations it is provided, That in case of the Condemnation of a Vessel (he shall be declared lawful Prize, as well as her Cargo, of whatever Description it may be, with the Exception of the Slaves who may be on board as Objects of Commerce 5 and the said Vessel, as well as her Cargo, shall he sold by public Sale for the Profit of the Two Governments; and as to the Slaves, they shall receive from the mixed Court a Certificate of Emancipation, and shall be delivered over to the Government on whose Territory the Court which shall have so judged them shall be established, to be employed as Servants or free Labourers; and each of the Two Governments binds itself to guarantee the Liberty of such Portion ef these Individuals as shall be respectively consigned to it: And by the Seventh Article of the said Regulations it is provided, That the said mixed Courts shall also take Cognisance and decide, according to the Third Article of the said Regulations, on all Claims for Compensation on account of Losses occasioned to Vessels detained under Suspicion of having been'engaged in the Slave Trade, but which shall not have been condemned as legal Prize by the said Courts; and in all Cases wherein Restitution shall he decreed, the Court shall award to the Claimant or Claimants, or his or their lawful Attorney or Attornies, for his or their Use, a just and complete Indemnification for all Costs of Suit, and for all Losses and Damages which the Claimant or Claimants may have a<Slually sustained by such Capture and Detention; that is to say, first, in case of total Loss, the Claimant or Claimants shall be indemnified, (A) for the Ship, her Tackle, Apparel and Stores; (B) for all Freights due and payable; (C) for the Value of the Cargo of Merchandise, if any, deducing for all Charges and Expences payable upon the Sale of such Cargoes, including Commission of Sale; (Dj for all other regular Charges in such Cases of total Loss; and, secondly, in all other Cases, not of total Loss, the Claimant or Claimants shall be indemnified, (A) for all Special Damages and Expences occasioned to the Ship by the Detention, and for the Loss of Freight when due or payable; (B) a Demurrage, when due, according to the Schedule annexed to the said Article; (C)

for any Deterioration of Cargo; (D) an Allowance of Five per Centum on the Amount of the Capital employed in the Purchase of Cargo, for the Period of the Delay occasioned by the Detention; and (E) for all Premium of Insurance on additional Risks; and the Claimant or Claimants shall in all Cases be entitled to Interest at the Rate of Five per Centum per Annum on the Sum awarded, until paid by the Government to which the capturing Ship belongs; the whole Amount of such Indemnifications being calculated in the Money of the Country to which the captured Ship belongs, and to be liquidated at the Exchange Current at the time of the Award; and to avoid, as much as pomble, every Species of Fraud in the Execution of the said Treaty, it is also by the said Seventh Article of the said Regulations agreed, That if it should be proved in a manner evident to the Conviction of the Judges of the Two Nations, and without having recourse to the Decision of an Arbitrator, that the Captor has been led into Error by a voluntary ana represensible Fault on the Part of the Captain of the detained Ship, in that Case only, the detained Ship shall not have the Right of receiving, during the Days of her Detention, the Demurrage stipulated by the

said

A.D. 1819. 59° GEORGII III. C. 16. 67 1

fad Seventh Article 5 and to the said Seventh Article, a Schedule of Demurrage or daily Allowance is annexed, a» follows; that is to say; for a Vessel of

4 100 Tons to 120 inclusive -

121 Tons to 150 inclusive 151 Tons to 170 inclusive 171 Tons to 200 inclusive 201 Tons to 220 inclusive 221 Tons to 250 inclusive 251 Tons to 270 inclusive 271 Tons to 300 inclusive

£5 per Diem* 6 per Diem, 8 per Diem,

10 per Diem,

11 per Diem,

12 per Diem,

14 per Diem,

15 per Diem,

Seale of Demurrage

not to receive* Rewards.

Art. 9. Supplying Vacancies of

And so on in proportion: And it is by the Eighth Article of the said Regulations provided, that neither Art 8, the Judges, nor the Arbitrators, nor the Secretary of the mixed Court, shall be permitted to demand or receive from any of the Parties concerned in the Sentences which they shall pronounce, any Emolument under any Pretext whatsoever, for the Performance of the Duties which are imposed upon them by the said Regulations: And lastly, it is by the Ninth Article of the said Regulations agreed. That in the Event of the Death or legal Impediment of One or more of the Judges or Arbitrators composing the above mentioned mixed Courts, their Posts shall be supplied ad interim in the following manner; that is to say, on ., the Part of the British Government the Vacancies shall be filled successively in the Court which shall fit J* within the Possession of His Britannic Majesty, by the Governor or Lieutenant Governor resident in that Colony, by the principal Magistrate of the fame, and by the Secretary; and in that which shall fit within the Possessions of His Majesty the King of the Netherlands, it is agreed, that in case of the Death of the British Judge or Arbitrator there, the surviving Individuals of the said Court shall proceed equally to the Judgment of such Ships as may be brought before them, and to the Execution of their Sentence; and that on the Part of the Netherlands, the Vacancies shall be supplied in the Possessions of His Majesty the King of the Netherlands, successively by the Governor or Lieutenant Governor, the principal Magistrate and Secretary of Government; and upon the Coast of Africa, in case of the Death of any Netherland Judge or Arbitrator, the surviving Members of the Court shall proceed to Judgment in the same manner as above specified for the Court resident in the Possession of His Majesty the King of the Netherlands, in the Event of the Death of the British Judge or Arbitrator: And it is by the said Article further agreed, That the Governor or Lieutenant Governor of any Settlement of either Power, where neither of the said mixed Courts shall fit, in the Event of a Vacancy arising, either of the Judge or Arbitrator of the other Power, shall forthwith give Notice of the same to the Governor or Lieutenant Governor of the nearest Settlement of such Power, in order that the Loss may be supplied at the earliest possible Period; and that the Vacancies which may arise in the above mentioned Courts, from Death or any other Cause whatever, shall be supplied definitely as foou as possible: And Whereas it is expedient and necessary that effectual Provision should be made for carrying into Execution the Provisions of the said Treaty Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it Ships of War, shall be lawful for any Officers commanding any Ship of War of His Majesty, duly authorised in that behalf, and provided with Instructions according to the Provisions of the said Treaty, to visit and detain in ^eaU Nether-any Seas (except in the Seaa excepted in the Third Article of the said Treaty) all Ships and Vessels land Vessels belonging wholly or in part to Subjects of His Majesty the King of the Netherlands, which shall be suspected acting contrary upon reasonable grounds of having Slaves on board for the Purpose of Traffic, contrary to the Articles of the to tbt sa*d said Treaty, and to detain and bring to Adjudication all Ships, Vessels and Cargoes, by the said Treaty made subject to Detention and Condemnation, according to the Provisions of the said Treaty, and the Instructions cer and Regulations aforesaid.

II. And be it further enacted, That all Ships and Vessels, belonging wholly or in part to His Majesty's British Vessels

Subjects, which shall be suspected upon reasonable grounds of having Slaves on board for the Purpose of ^d, n8in illicit Traffic, shall be and are hereby declared and made, according to the said Treaty, Instructions and j Regulations aforesaid, subject to the Visitations of Brttjb or Motherland Vessels of War, duly authorised for the Treaty, sub-that Purpose according to the Provisions before recited; and that all Ships and Vessels belonging wholly or in ject to Visit and part to His Majesty's Subjects, which shall be found having Slaves on board for the Purpose of illicit Traffic, Detention by contrary to the Treaty, Instructions and Regulations so recited as aforesaid, and all Boats, Apparel, Furniture °* Ne-

and Stores belonging to such Ships or Vessels, and all Slaves and Cargoes therein, shall be and are hereby

declared to be and made subject to the Visit and Detention of British or Netherland Vessels of War duly Condemnation authorised for that Purpose, according to the Stipulations of the said Treaty, and to Forfeiture according to by the Judges the Provisions of the said Treaty, and the Instructions and Regulations thereunto annexed, and for that appointed ac-purpose shall be and are hereby made subject to the Adjudication of, and to Condemnation or other Judgment cording to such by the Judges and Arbitrators to be* appointed according to the Provisions of the said Treaty, and to the eaty* Instructions and Regulations annexed thereto, recited as aforesaid,

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That such Right of Visit and Detention shall not be exercised Su°b Visit and within the Mediterranean Sea, nor within the Seas in Europe lying without the Straits of Gibraltar, and which

lie to the Northward of the Thirty seventh Parallel of North Latitude, and also within and to the Eastward of the Meridian of Longitude Twenty Degrees West of Greenwich; and that Ship3 on board which no Slaves nean, &c. shall be found intended for the Purpose of Traffic, shall not be detained under the Authority of this Act, on any Account or Pretence whatever 5 and that Negro Servants or Sailors who may be found on board any Vessels, shall not in any case be deemed a sufficient Cause for Detention.

6j2

British Ships of War visiting Merchant Ships under Nether-land Convoy, to act in concert with Commander of Convoy.

Facilities to be given to Visits, &c.

The King of Great Britain may appoint British Judges and Arbitrators according to the Treaty.

Salaries.

Powers.

And may appoint Secretary or Registrar.

Salary.

Duty.

Power to Governors of Colonies, &c. to fill up Vacancies ad interim.

Judges and Arbitrators to be sworn.

Oath.

Secretary to be sworn.

Oath.

C. 16. 59° GEORGII III. A.D. 1819.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if at any time it shall be deemed expedient that any Ship of His Majesty's Navy, authorised to make such Visit as aforesaid, should proceed to visit any Merchant Ship or Ships under the Flag and proceeding under the Convoy of any Vessel or Vessels of the Royal Navy of His Majesty the King of the Netherlands, the Commanding Officer of His Britannic Majesty's Ship, duly authorised and instructed to make such Visit, shall in all Cases proceed to effect the fame in communication with the Commanding Officer of such Convoy 5 and in case at any time it shall be deemed expedient that any Ship of the Royal Navy of His Majesty the King of the Netherlands, authorised to make such Visit as aforesaid, should proceed to visit any Merchant Ship or Ships under the Flag and proceeding under the Convoy of any Vessel or Vessels of His Britannic Majesty's Navy, the Commanding Officer of such Convoy (In communication with whom the Commanding Officer of the Ship of His Majesty the King of the Netherlands, duly authorised and instructed to make such Visit, shall proceed to effect the fame) shall give every Facility to such Visit, and to the eventual Detention, according to the said Treaty, of the Merchant Ship or Ships so visited, and shall in all things assist to the utmost of his Power in the due Execution of the said Treaty, according to the true Intent and Meaning thereof.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, by any Warrant under His Royal Sign Manual, counterfi^ned by One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, to appoint such Judges and Arbitrators as are m and by the said Treaty and the Regulations thereto annexed, mentioned to be appointed by His Majesty, and from time to time to supply any Vacancies which may arise in such Offices, by appointing other Persons thereto; and to grant Salaries to such Judges and Arbitrators as aforesaid, not exceeding such annual Sums as the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland shall from time to time direct; and such Judges and Arbitrators are hereby authorised and empowered to examine and decide all such Cases of Detention, Captures and Seizures of Vessels and their Cargoes as aforesaid, detained, seized, taken or captured under the said Treaty, Instructions and Regulations* as are by the said Treaty, Instructions and Regulations, and by this Act, made subject to their Junfdidlion; and to proceed therein, and give such Judgments, and make such Orders therein, and to do all other Acts* Matters and Things appertaining thereto, agreeable to the Provisions of the said Treaty, and the Instructions and Regulations annexed thereto, and recited as aforesaid, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if special Powers and Authorities for that purpose were specifically and particularly inserted and given in relation thereto in this Act.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, by any Warrant under His Royal Sign Manual, countersigned by One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State for the time being* to nominate and appoint a Secretary or Registrar to the Court which shall be established in His Majestys Dominions, and from time to time to supply, by other Appointments* any Vacancy which may thereafter occur in such Office, and to grant a Salary to such Secretary or Registrar, not exceeding such annual Sum as the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury shall from time to time direct; and such Secretary or Registrar is hereby respectively authorised and empowered to do, perform and execute all the Duties of such Office, as set forth kand described in the said Treaty, Instructions and Regulations respectively hereinbefore recited as aforesaid, and to do, perform and execute all such Acts, Matters and Things as may be necessary for the due Discharge of the Duties of his Office, according to the Provisions of the said Treaty and Instructions and Regulations as aforesaid.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Governor or Lieutenant Governor, or principal Magistrate of the Colony or Settlement in which such Court shall fit, within the Possession of His Britannic Majesty, to fill up every Vacancy which shall arise in such Court, either of Judge, Arbitrator, or any Officer thereof appointed by His Majesty as aforesaid, according to the Provisions contained in the before recited Regulations, annexed to the said Treaty as aforesaid, ad interim, until such Vacancy or Vacancies shall be thereafter filled by some Person or Persons appointed by His Majesty for that purpose.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That every Judge and Arbitrator appointed by His Majesty, or ad interim as aforesaid, shall, before he shall enter upon the Execution of any of the Duties of such his Office, take an Oath, in the Presence of the principal Magistrate then residing and acting in the Colony, Settlement or Place in which the Court shall be appointed to reside; which Oath every such Magistrate in any Colony, Settlement or Place belonging to His Majesty, in which such Court shall be appointed, is hereby authorised to administer in the Form following; (that is to say, )

I A.B. do solemnly swear, That I will, according to the best of my Skill and Knowledge, act in the Execution of my Office as faithfully, impartially, fairly, and without Prefer-

ence or Favour, either for Claimants or Captors, or any other Persons; and that I will, to the best of my Judgment and Power, act in pursuance of and according to the Stipulations, Regulations and Instructions contained in the Treaty between His Majesty and His Majesty the King of the Netherlands, signed at the Hague, on the Fourth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and eighteen. So help me GOD.*

And every Secretary or Registrar appointed by His Majesty, or ad interim as aforesaid, under the Provisions of the said Treaty, Instructions and Regulations, and of this Act, shall, before he enters on the Duties of his said Office, take an Oath before the British Judge as aforesaid who is hereby empowered to administer the same* in the Form following; (that is to say, )

I A.B. do solemnly swear, That I will, according to the best of my Skill and Knowledge, act in the Execution of my Office; and that I will conduct myself with due Respect to the Authority of the Judges and Arbitrators of the Commission to which I am attached* and will act with Fidelity in all the Affairs which

may

A.D. 1819. 59° GEORGII III. C. 16, 17.

may belong to my Charge, and without Preference or Favour, either for Claimants or Captors, or any other Persons. So help me GOD.'

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Judges or either of them, or for any such Secretary or Registrar, and they are hereby respectively empowered, to administer Oaths to and take the Depositions of all Parties, Witnesses, and other Persons who may come or be brought before them to be examined, or for the Purpose of deposing in the Course of any Proceeding before the said Judges, or before the said Judges and Arbitrator, in the Cases in which such Arbitrator fh5l aft with the said Judges under the said Treaty, Instructions and Regulations, or this Act; and it shall also be lawful for the said Judges, or for the said Judges and Arbitrator, in the Cases aforesaid, to summon before them all Persons whom they may deem it necessary or proper to examine in relation to any Suit, Proceeding, or Matter or Thing under their Cognisance, and to fend for and issue Precepts for the producing of all such Papers as may relate to the Matters in question before them, and to enforce all such Summonses, Orders and Precepts, by such and the like Means, Powers and Authorities as any Court of Vice Admiralty may do.

X. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall wilfully and corruptly give false Evidence in any Examination, or Deposition or Affidavit had or taken upon or in any Proceeding before the said Judges, or Judges and Arbitrator, under the said Treaty, Instructions and Regulations, or this Act, shall be deemed guilty of Perjury, and being thereof convicted, shall be subject and liable to all the Punishments, Pains and Penalties to which Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury are liable; and every such Person may be tried for any such Perjury, either in the Place where the Offence was committed, or in any Colony or Settlement of His Majesty near thereto, in which there is a Court of competent Jurisdiction to try any such Offence, or in His Majesty's Court of King's Bench in England; and that in case of any Prosecution for such Offence in His Majesty's said Court of King's Bench, the Venue may be laid in the County of Middlesex.

XI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall not be lawful for any Person to commence, prosecute or proceed in any Claim, Action or Suit whatever, in the High Court of Admiralty, or in any other Court, or before any Judges or Persons whomsoever, other than the several mixed Courts of Justice appointed under and by virtue of the said Treaty and this Act, for the Condemnation or Restitution of any Ship, or Cargo, or Slaves, or for any Compensation or Indemnification for any Loss or Damage, or for any Injury sustained by such Ship, Cargo or Slaves, or by any Persons on board any such Ship, in consequence of any Capture, Seizure or Detention, under the Authority or in pursuance of the Provisions of the said Treaty, or of the Instructions and Regulations thereto annexed, j* of this Act 5 and that the Pendency of any Claim, Suit or Proceeding instituted or which may be instituted before any of the said mixed Courts so to be appointed under the Authority of the said Treaty and this Act, for the Condemnation or Restitution of any Ship, or Cargo, or Slaves, taken, seized or detained by virtue of the said Treaty, or of the Instructions and Regulations thereto annexed; or for any Compensation or Indemnification for any Loss or Damage in consequence of the taking, feizingor detaining any such Ship; or the final Adjudication, Condemnation, Judgment or Determination of any such mixed Court, as the Case shall require, may be pleaded in Bar or given in Evidence under the General Issue; or in case no such Claim, Suit or Proceeding shall have been instituted before any such mixed Court, then the said Treaty, Instructions and Regulations, and this Act, may in like manner be pleaded in Bar or given in Evidence under the General Issue; and every such Plea in Bar, or Evidence so given under the General Issue, shall be deemed and adjudged to be a good and complete Bar to any such Claim, Action, Suit or Proceeding in the said High Court of Admiralty, or in any Court or Place other than such mixed Courts; any thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament, or Law or Laws to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XII. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be deemed or construed in any wise to alter, suspend, affect, relax or repeal any of the Clauses, Penalties, Forfeitures or Punishments contained and enacted in any Act or Acts of Parliament made for the Suppression or Prevention of the Slave Trade; but that all such Acts of Parliament, and all Clauses, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures and Punishments therein respectively contained, shall remain in full Force and Virtue, any thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced, either in Great Britain or elsewhere, against any Person or Persons for any thing done in pursuance of the said Treaty, or the Instructions or Regulations thereto annexed, or of this Act, the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the Authority of the said Treaty, Instructions or Regulations, or of this Act; and if it shall appear so to have been done, the July shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and if the Plaintiff shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his Action after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if Judgment shall be given upon any Verdict or Demurrer against the Plaintiff, the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same as Defendants have in other Cases by Law.

CAP. XVII.

An Act to amend an Act of last Session of Parliament, for carrying into execution a Convention made between His Majesty and the King of Portugal, for the preventing the Traffic in Slaves.

[31st March 1819.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to carry into execution a Convention made between His Majesty and the King of Portugal, for the preventing Traffic in Slaves:

And Whereas it is expedient that further Provision should be made for carrying the said Convention into

1 execution,

67a

Oaths may be administered to Parties, &c. by the Court, See.

Judge, &c. may summon Persons and call for Papers.

Perjury. Where tried.

Venue.

No Claims or Suits for Ships captured, &c. except before mixed Courts appointed by the Treaty.

t Sic-Suits before such Courts, or Judgments thereupon, pleaded in bar to Proceedings in the Admiralty, & c.

Proviso for Penalties in any Act for Suppression of Slave Trade*

In Actions for executing Act, See. General Issue may be pleaded.

[Treble Costs.]

58 G.J. c. 85.

674

§io, it. repealecL

Convention.

Art. 9.

For appointing a Commission in London, to determine on certain Cap. tures of Portuguese Vessels.

Regulations.

Art. 10. Regulating Proceedings on such Commission.

His Majesty empowered to appoint a Judge and Arbitrator for such Commission in London. Salaries.

Power*.

And to appoint a Secretary or Registrar.

Commissary Judges and Commissioners of Arbitration to be sworn.

G» 17. 59° GEORGII HL A.D11819.

execution, and that for that Purpose certain Provkwo a ixvthe fend: recited A&fkouM hr repealed, and certain other Provisions enabled in lieu thereof* Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, % y and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, - That from, and after the passing of this Act, so much and such Parts of the said recited Act as relate to Proceedings of the Lords Commissionera of Appeal iir Prize Causes, or of the High Court of Admiralty, in Cases and Questions arising out of Captures in the said Act mentioned that may be depending before them, and to their hearing and determining any Claim of Right: or Interest therein to which His Majesty or the Captors or Seizors of Ships, Vessels or Cargoes may be entitled by reason of the Capture or Seizure thereof, and the Laws relating thereto, and also to much and such Part of the said recited Act as relate to the Power of the said Courts in Cases therein described, to order and adjudge' Ships, Vessels or Cargoes, or the Proceeds thereof, to be delivered or paid for title Use of His Majesty, shall be and the fame is and are hereby repealed.

II. And Whereas by the Ninth Article of the Convention of the Twenty eighth Day of July One thou- 4 sand eight hundred and seventeen, between His Majesty and His Most Faithful Majesty the King of Portugal*

1 in the said recited Act of the Fifty eighth Year aforesaid, mentioned and recited. His Britannic Majesty*engaged to grant, in the manner thereinafter explained, sufficient Indemnification to all the Proprietors of certain Portuguese Vessels and Cargoes captured by British Cruizers, between the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, and the Period at which the Two Commissions pointed out in the Eighth Article - 4 of the said Convention Should assemble at their respective Ports on the Coast of Africa and in the Brands; and His Majesty and His Most Faithful Majesty did agree, that all Claims of the Nature before mentioned should be received and liquidated by a mixed Commission, to be held at London, and which Should canfift of an equal Number of the Individuals of the Two Nations, named by their respective Sovereigns, and upon the fame* 4 Principles stipulated by the Eighth Article of the said Convention, and by the £everal Instruments which form an integral Part of the said Convention: And Whereas by the Tenth Article of the Regulations annexed ter and made Part of the said Convention, it was provided, that the said mixed Commission established in Ltm-

don by the said Ninth Article of the said Convention therein aid herein before recited, Should hear and determine all Claims for Portuguese Ships and Cargoes captured by British Cruizers on account of the unlawful Trading in Slaves since the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, until the Period when the Convention Should be in complete execution, awarding to them, conformably to the Ninth Article of the said Convention, a just and complete Compensation upon the Balls laid dawn in a preceding Article of the said Regulations, either for total Loss or for Losses and Damages sustained by the Owners and Proprietors of the said Ships and Cargoes; and it was also provided, that the said Commission established in London should he composed and proceed exactly upon the fame Bahs determined in the Articles One, Two and Three, of the said Regulations for the Commissions established on the Coast of Africa and in the Brasciis; Be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, by any Warrant under His Royal Sign Manual, countersigned by One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State for the time being, to appoint Two Perform to be such Members of the said mixed Commission to be held at London, one of such Persons to be a Commissary Judge, and the other to be a Commissioner of Arbitration, as are in and by the said Ninth Article of the said Convention, and by the Instructiona annexed to the said Convention mentioned to be appointed by His Majesty, and from* time to time to supply any Vacancies which may arise in such Offices, by appointing other Persons thereto, and to grant Salaries to such Commissary Judge and Commissioner of Arbitration, not exceeding such annual Sums as the Cotrunissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland shall from time to time direct; and such Commissary Judge and Commissioner of Arbitration so to be appointed by His Majesty, aae hereby authorised and empowered to examine and decide all such Cases of Detention, Captures and Seizures of Vessels and their Cargoes as aforesaid, detained, seized, taken or captured, between the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, and the Period at which the Two Commissions mentioned in the Eighth Article of the said Convention shall assemble at their respective Posts on the Coast of Africa and in the Braxilsy as are, by the said Ninth Article of the said Convention and by this Act made subject to their Jurisdiction, and to proceed in all such Cases, and give such Judgments* and to make such Orders therein, and to do all other Acts, Matters and Things appertaining thereto, agreeably to the Provisions of the said Convention, and the Instructions and Regulations annexed thereto, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if special Powers and Authorities for that Purpose were specially and particularly inserted and given in relation thereto in this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, by any Warrant under His Royal Sign Manual, countersigned by One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State for the time being, to nominate and appoint a Secretary or Rjegiftrar to the said Commission to be held at London, and from time to time to supply by other Appointments any Vacancy which may hereafter occur in such Office, and to grant a. Salary to such Secretary or Registrar, not exceeding such annual Sum as the said Commissioner6 of His Majesty's Treasury shall from time to time direct; and such Secretary or Registrar is hereby respectively authorised and empowered to do, perform and execute all the Duties of such Office, set forth and described in the said Convention, and the Instructions and Regulations thereto annexed, and do, perform and execute all such Acts, Matters and Things as may be necessary for the due Discharge of the Duties of his Qffrce, according to the Provisions of the said Convention, Instructions and Regulations.

IV. And be it further enacted, That every such Commissary Judge, and Commissioner of Arbitration, appointed by his Majesty for the purposes of this Act, shall, before he shall enter upon the Execution of any of the Duties of such his Office, take an Oath before the Lord Chief Justice, or One of His Majesty's Justices of the Court of King's Bench, or before the Lord Chief Baron, or One of the Barons of His Majesty's

Court

A.D. 1819. 59° GEORGII III. CL 17. 675

Court of Exchequer at Westminster^ for the time being; which Oath every such Lord Chief Justice, or Lord Chief Baron, or Justice or Baron for the time being, ifl hereby authorised to administer, in the Form following; (that is to say, )

I A.B. do solemnly swear. That I will, according to the best of my Skill and Knowledge, aft in die Otth.

Execution of my Office as faithfully, impartially, fairly, and without Prejudice or

Favour, either for Claimants or Captors, or any other Persons; and that I will, to the best of my Judgment and Power, a ft in pursuance of and according to the Stipulations of the Treaty, of the Twenty second Day of January One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, and the additional Convention thereto, between His Majesty and His Most Faithful Majesty, signed at London, on the Twenty eighth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and seventeen. So help me GOD.»

And the Secretary or Registrar to the said Commission shall, before he enters on the Duties of his said Office, Secretary to be take an Oath before the British Commissary Judge as aforesaid, who is hereby empowered to administer the Sworn* lame, in the Form following; (that is to say, )

I A.B. do solemnly swear, That I will, according to the best of my Skill and Knowledge, aft in the Oath. 4 Execution of my Office, and that I will conduct myself with due Respect to the Authority of the Commissary Judges and Commissioners of Arbitration of the Commission to which I am attached, and will aft

with Fidelity in all the Affairs which may belong to my Charge, and without preference of or favour either for Claimants or Captors or any other Persons. So help me GOD.*

And the like Oaths respectively, in lieu of the Oath set forth and prescribed by the said recited Act of the Fifty eighth Year aforesaid, shall in all Cases be administered to and taken by every Commissary Judge and Commissioner of Arbitration, appointed by His Majesty, or acting ad interim under the said recited Act, in the Presence of the Magistrate authorised by the said Act to administer the Oath in the said Act recited, and by every Secretary or Registrar appointed by His Majesty, or acting ad interim, in the Presence of the British Commissary Judge.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any such Commissary Judge, or for any such Commissary Secretary or Registrar appointed under this Act, and they are hereby respectively empowered, to administer Judges and Oaths to and take the Depositions of all Parties Witnesses and other Persons who may come or be broughtre^e before them to be examined, or for the purpose of deposing in the course of any Proceeding before the Com- may administer missary Judges of the said Commission to be held in London, or before the said Commissary Judges and a Oaths. Commissioner of Arbitration, in the Cases in which such Commissioner of Arbitration shall act with the said Commissary Judges under the said Convention and the Instructions and Regulations thereto annexed, or under this Act; and it shall also be lawful for the said Commissary Judges, or for the said Commissary Judges and Commissioner of Arbitration, in the Cases aforesaid, to summon before them all Persons whom they may deem it necessary or proper to examine in relation to any Suit, Proceeding, Matter or Thing under their Cognisance, and to fend for and issue Precepts for the producing of all such Papers as may relate to the Matters in question before them, and to enforce all such Summonses, Orders and Precepts, by such and the like Means,

Powers and Authorities as are vested in the Commissioners under the said recited Act.

VI. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall wilfully and corruptly give false Evidence in any Examination or Deposition, or Affidavit had or taken upon or in any Proceeding before the said Commissary Judges or Commissioners aforesaid, under the said Convention, Instructions and Regulations, or under this Act, shall be deemed guilty of Perjury, and being thereof convicted, shall be subject and liable to all the Perjury. Punishments, Pains and Penalties to which Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury are liable.

VII. And Whereas by the Eleventh Article of the said Convention of the Twenty eighth Day of July Art. xr.

One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, His Majesty engaged to pay the Sum of Three hundred thousand Creation.

Pounds Sterling, of Indemnification stipulated by a certain Convention of the Twenty first Day of January q^qo^ooooL 4 One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, in favour of the Proprietors of Portuguese Vessels captured by British for Captures Cruizers, up to the Period of the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, with Interest, made before in the manner and at the times in the said Convention of the Twenty eighth Day of July One thousand 1, 16 istof June right hundred and seventeen mentioned; the Payment of the said Sum to be made in London to the Minister*or His Most Faithful Majesty, at the Court of His Majesty, or to the Persons whom His Most Faithful Majesty should think proper to authorise for that Purpose: And Whereas the said Sum of Three hundred thousand % rounds and Interest hath been duly paid by His Majesty to His Most Faithful Majesty, for the Purposes in the said Conventions mentioned; Be it enacted, That the said Sum of Three hundred thousand Pounds and Rested Article Interest, stipulated to be paid by the said Two Conventions, and paid and accepted accordingly, as a full Compensation for all Losses sustained by the Subjects of His Most Faithful Majesty, on account of Vessels captured Action for^up to the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, shall be considered and taken to be such Capture* a full Compensation for all such Captures as aforesaid; and that the said Stipulation contained in the said Convention of the Twenty first Day of January One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, and recited in the Eleventh Article of the said Convention of the Twenty eighth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and Seventeen, and in the said Act of the last Session and in this present Act, may be pleaded in Bar or given in Evidence upon the General Issue, and shall be and be deemed and adjudged in every Court whatever, to be, a good and complete Bar in any and every Action, Suit or Proceeding, brought or instituted, or to be brought or instituted for Restitution or any other Matter or Thing in relation to any such Capture, or for any Damage or,

Injury sustained thereby or in relation thereto, any thing contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

676

No Claims or Suits for Ships captured under Convention, &c. to be brought, except before Commissions appointed under that Convention.

Pendency of Suit before the said Commissions may be pleaded in bar, Sec.

Art. 9.

of Convention of a8th July 1817.

Art. XI.

Jurisdiction of Prize Courts of Appeal or of Admiralty, in Cases of any such Capture btought before them.

Provision in cate of Captors not establishing their Bights.

58 G. 3. c. 85. and this Act construed together.

Act altered, &c. this Session.

c.i7.

59° GEORGII III. A.D. 1819.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall not be lawful for any Person to commence, prosecute or proceed in any Claim, Action or Suit whatever, in the High Court of Admiralty, or in any other Court, or before any Judges or Persons whomsoever, other than the several Commissions appointed under and by virtue of the said Convention of the Twenty eighth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, and the said recited Act and this Act, for the Condemnation or Restitution of any Ship or Cargo or Slaves, or for any Compensation or Indemnification for any Loss or Damage, or for any Injury sustained by such Ship, Cargo or Slaves, or by any Persons on board any such Ship, in consequence of any such Capture, Seizure or Detention which shall have been or shall be made under the Authority or in pursuance of the Provisions of the said Convention, or of the Instructions or Regulations thereto annexed, or of the said recited Act or this Act, or which may be or become the Subject of Adjudication or Compensation by, or be brought before the Commission to be held at London under the Authority of the said Convention and this Act; that the Pendency of any Claim, Suit or Proceeding instituted before any of the Commit-lions so to be appointed under the Authority of the said Convention and the said recited Act and this Act, for the Condemnation or Restitution of any Ship or Cargo, or Slaves taken, seized or detained by virtue of the said Convention, or of the Instructions or Regulations thereunto annexed, or subject to the Jurisdiction and Adjudication of the said Commission in London, or for any Compensation or Indemnification for any Loss or Damage, in consequence of the taking, seizing or detaining any such Ship, or the final Adjudication, Condemnation, Judgment or Determination of any such Commission, as the Case shall require, may be pleaded in Bar or given in Evidence under the General Issue; or in case no such Claim, Suit or Proceeding shall have been instituted before any such Commission, then the said Convention and the said recited Act and this Act may in like manner be pleaded in Bar or given in Evidence under the General Issue; and every such Plea in Bar or Evidence so given under the General Issue, shall be deemed and adjudged to be a good and complete Bar and Satisfaction to any such Claim, Action, Suit or Proceeding, in any Court or Place, other than before such Commission; any thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament or Law or Laws to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

IX. And Whereas by the Ninth Article of the said Convention of the Twenty eighth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, and herein before recited, His Majesty engaged to grant in the manner

thereinafter explained, sufficient Indemnification to all the Proprietors of Portuguese Vessels and Cargoes

captured by British Cruizers between the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, and the Period at which the Two Commissions pointed out in the Eighth Article of the said Convention Should assemble at their respective Polls; and by the Eleventh Article of the said Convention before recited in this Act, His Majesty engaged to pay the said Sum of Three hundred thousand Pounds for the Purposes herein before mentioned, ana it is therefore just that such Ships, Vessels and Cargoes as aforesaid, or the Proceeds thereof, for and in respect of which His Majesty shall as aforesaid pay or be liable to pay any Indemnity or Compensation, and to which the Captors or Seizors shall not establish any Right or Interest, Should be delivered or paid to the Use or Disposal of His Majesty; Be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lords Commissioners of Appeal in Prize Causes, and for the High Court of Admiralty, in all Cases and Question8 arising out of the Captures of any such Ships, Vessels or Cargoes, of any Subjects of His Moll Faithful Majesty, as well before the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, as between the said First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and fourteen and the Period above described, which shall be depending before them, or which may be brought before them, on Appeal from any Vice Admiralty Court, according to their respective Jurisdictions, to proceed therein, and to hear and determine all Questions respecting any Right or Interest in or to any such Ships, Vessels or Cargoes so captured, to which His Majesty or the Captors or Seizors of such Ships, Vessels or Cargoes, may claim to be entitled by reason of the Capture or Seizure thereof, and to enforce their Judgments and Orders therein, by the usual Process of the said Courts, any thing in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding: And that in all such Cases as aforesaid, in which the Captors or Seizors shall not establish any Right or Interest on their behalf, by reason of any such Capture of any Ship, Vessel or Cargo, it shall be lawful for the said Courts respectively to order and adjudge the Ships, Vessels and Cargoes, or the Proceeds thereof, and all and every Part thereof, to which the Captors shall not establish any Right or Interest as aforesaid, to be delivered or paid to the Use or Disposal of His Majesty, to such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being shall appoint to receive the same, and to enforce the Delivery or the Payment thereof, by the usual Process of the said Courts respectively; any thing in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

X. And be it further enacted, That the said recited Act of the Fifty eighth Year aforesaid, so far as the fame is not expressly altered or repealed by this Act, shall remain in force; and that the said recited Act and this Act shall be construed together as on6 Act, so far as the same are compatible and consistent with each other, and as if the Clauses and Provisions in this Act contained had been infer ted in the said recited Act of the Fifty eighth Year aforesaid, and had made Part thereof.

XI. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be amended, altered or repealed, by any Act to be passed in this present Session of Parliament.

CAP. XVIII.

An Act: to make perpetual an Act of the Forty fourth Year of His present Majesty, for permitting the Exportation of Salt from the Port of Nassau in the Island of New Providence> the Port of Exuma and the Port of Crooked Island in the Bahama Islands, in American Ships coming in Ballast.

[31st March 1819.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the Forty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, 44 G. 3. c. 101.

V\ intituled An Act for permitting, until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and seven, the Exportation of Salt from the Port of Nassau in the Island of New Providence, the Port of Exuma and the Port of Crooked Island in the Bahama Blands, in Ships belonging to the Inhabitants of the United States of America, and coming in Ballajl; which said Act was by Three Acts of the Forty seventh, Fiftieth and Fifty seventh Years

of the Reign of His present Majesty revived and continued until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nineteen: And Whereas it is expedient to make perpetual the said Act of the Forty fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, Thkt the said Act of the Forty fourth made perpetual. Year of the Reign of His present Majesty shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be made perpetual.

CAP. XIX.

An Act to render, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty, the growing Produce of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom, arising in Great Britain, available for the Public Service.

[31st March 1819.]

WHEREAS the Payments from time to time made into the Receipt of the Exchequer at Westminster, of the growing Produce of the Revenues and Duties arising in Great Britain, which form Part of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, accumulate in the said Exchequer until the End of the several Quarters in which such Payments are made, ending on the Fifth Day of April, the Fifth Day of July, the Tenth Day of 08obery and the Fifth Day of January, in every Year; and no Part of such growing Produce can now by Law be issued or applied at any time during the Course of any such Quarter, towards the making good any of the Aids or Supplies granted by Parliament;

and it would be very advantageous to the Public if Part of such growing Produce could be made applicable to such purposes from time to time, in manner herein after mentioned May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or any Three or more of them for the time being, from time to time, by Warrants under their Hands, to order and direct the Auditor of the Exchequer to make out any Number of Exchequer Bills, authorised by any Act or Acts of Parliament to be issued towards any Aids or Supplies, for such Sum or Sums of Money as the said Commissioners shall think fit, and to deposit such Exchequer Bills in the respective Offices of the Four Tellers of the Receipt of the said Exchequer; and no Interest shall accrue or be paid upon or for any Exchequer Bill or Bills so deposited under the Authority of this Act, during the time that any such Bill or Bills so deposited shall remain in the Hands or in the Offices of any of the Tellers of the said Receipt of Exchequer, any thing in any Act or Acts to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That such Exchequer Bills shall be made out in the lame or like Manner, Form and Order, and according to the fame or like Rules and Directions, as are prescribed in an Act passed in the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for regulating the ffuing and paying off of Exchequer Bills; and that all and every the Clauses, Provisoes, Powers, Privileges and Advantages, Penalties, Forfeitures and Disabilities, contained in the said Act, shall be applied and extended to the Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the said several Clauseb and Provisions had been particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this present Act, except as is otherwise specially provided in this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Auditor of the said Exchequer to issue from time to time, out of the growing Produce of the said Consolidated Fund, being or remaining in the Receipt of the said Exchequer, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding the Amount of such Exchequer Bills as shall have been so deposited under the Authority of this Act, subsequent to the First Day of any Quarter ending as aforesaid, in which such Issue shall be made; and the Issue of every such Sum shall be recorded by the Clerk of the Pells in the said Receipt of Exchequer; and such Sum and Sums of Money shall and may be applied for or towards the defraying or supplying any Aids or Supplies granted by Parliament, towards which the Exchequer Bills so deposited under the Authority of this Act shall have been made applicable by Parliament; and the Exchequer Bills so deposited under the Authority of this Act shall remain so deposited with the Tellers of the said Exchequer, as a Security for the Sums of Money so to be issued out of the said growing Produce of the said Consolidated Fund, until such time as such Exchequer Bills shall be paid off or exchanged in manner herein after mentioned.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That until the Fifth Day of July Dne thousand eight hundred and twenty, any Sum or Sums of Money which may be issued under the Authority of this Act, shall be applied

59 Geo. III. 4S for

Treasury may order Exchequer Bills to be made out and deposited in the Receipt of the Exchequer.

Such Bills not to bear Interest while remaining so deposited.

Such Bills to be made out under Regulations of 48 G. 3. c. I.

Auditor may issue Money, out of Produce of Consolidated Fund, equal to Amount of Exchequer Bills deposited.

Such Issues to be recorded.

How applied.

Until July 5, 182c, all such Issues applied.

678 C. 19.

59° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1819.

to Repayment of previous Advances by Bank.

for or towards the Payment to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, of any Sum or Sums of Money which shall or may have been advanced by the said Governor and Company, at any time previous to the issuing of any such Sum or Sums of Money, upon the Credit of any such Exchequer Bills chargeable upon any Aids or Supplies granted by Parliament, and to and for no other Purpose whatsoever.

If Exchequer V. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case any Exchequer Bills shall have been made out and Bills have been placed as Ca{h in the Offices of any of the Tellers of the said Exchequer, under the Authority of an Act made out under i made jn ^he Fifty Seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to make further Provision for Bills deposited ofbe Accounts of the Consolidated Fund of the Untied Kingdom, and for making good any occasional

under this Act Deficiency which may arise in the said Fund in Great Britain or Ireland respectively; and to direct the Application shall not make of Monies by the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt; and shall at the Commencement of any the whole ex- Quarter ending as aforesaid remain undischarged, it shall not be lawful for the said Commissioners of the ceed6, oooo, oocl. Treasury to direct the Deposit of Exchequer Bills under the Authority of this Act for any greater Sum or Sums than shall, together with the Exchequer Bills So before made out and issued, ana So remaining undischarged, amount to the Sum of Six Millions in the Whole in any one such Quarter of a Year ending as aforesaid; and that in case the Exchequer Bills so before made out and issued, and so remaining undischarged, shall amount to or shall exceed the Sum of Six Millions at the Commencement of any such Quarter, it shall not be lawful for the said Commissioners of the Treasury, within the said Quarter, to direct the Deposit of any Exchequer Bills whatever under this Act 5 and that no Sum or Sums of Money shall at any time be issued under the Authority of this Act, out of the growing Produce of the said Consolidated Fund, in any Quarter, on account of any Exchequer Bills so deposited under the Authority of this Act, until the whole deposited under of the Principal and Interest on all Exchequer Bills (if any) which shall have been so before made out and this Act passed in the said Exchequer under the said recited Act of the Fifty Seventh Year, shall have been fully paid

and discharged out of such growing Produce; and that if at the Close of any Quarter it shall appear that the Amount of Money remaining in the said Receipt of Exchequer, applicable to the Consolidated Fund, is Fund at End of not Sufficient to defray the Charges on the said Fund payable for such Quarter, the whole of such Deficiency, Quarter m e wfiether arising in consequence of Issues made under the Authority of this Act or from any other Cause, shall be made good by Exchequer Bills to be made out under the Authority of the said recited Act of the Fifty Seventh Year.

VI. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Exchequer Bills shall be in the Course of Payment, which shall have been granted by Parliament towards the Aids or Supplies of the same Year, as any Exchequer Bills which shall be deposited with the Tellers of the said Exchequer under the Directions of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three of them, to direct that such Exchequer Bills so deposited under the Authority of this Act shall be paid off and discharged out of any Monies applicable to that Purpose; and the Monies by which such Bills, so at any time deposited, shall be paid off and discharged, shall be carried to and may be applied as the growing Produce of the

Consolidated Fund of the Quarter in which such Exchequer Bills shall have been so paid oft and discharged;

or otherwise it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners to direct, that in lieu of such Exchequer Bills so deposited, and in Course of Payment, any other Exchequer Bills may be deposited which shall have been granted towards the Aids or Supplies of the Year upon which the Exchequer Bills so first deposited shall have been charged; and the Exchequer Bills so first deposited shall be withdrawn from the said Tellers, and shall be considered as paid off, discharged and cancelled.

Exchequer Bills

VII. And be it further enacted, That in all Accounts to be presented to Parliament, of Exchequer Ball*

deposited, con- issued under the Authority of Parliament, all such Exchequer Bills as shall be from time to time deposited with

flidered as issued the Tellers of the said Exchequer, in pursuance and under the Authority of this Act, shall be considered and Parliament*to ^ate(* 38 Exchequer Bills actually issued and not discharged.

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Governor and Company of Exchequer1* t^le Bank Fngland, from time to time, in any Quarter of a Year ending on the Fifth Day of April,

Fifth Day of July, Tenth Day of October, or Fifth Day of January, in any Year (after all the Exchequer Bills made out under the said recited Act of the Fifty Seventh Year shall have been paid off and discharged, and after all such Sum or Sums of Money shall have been issued under the Authority of this Act as shall be equal to the Amount of Exchequer Bills deposited under this Act), to deposit at the said Receipt of Exchequer, Exchequer Bills the Property of the said Governor and Company, and to take and withdraw from the said Exchequer, out of any Sum or Sums of Money which shall remain in the Receipt of the said. Exchequer in any such Quarter, above and beyond the Amount of all Exchequer Bills made out and deposited under the Authority of the said recited Act or this Act, any Sum or Sums not exceeding the Amount of the Exchequer Bills which shall be so deposited by the said Governor and Company, according to the Practice heretofore used; and that it shall be lawful for the said Governor and Company to receive Interest. on the said Exchequer Bills so deposited by them, in like manner as hath been heretofore usual in the Case of such Deposit by the said Governor and Company; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

IX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue in force until the Fifth Day of July One thou fund eight hundred and twenty, and no longer.

X. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, amended or repealed, by any Act or Act* to be passed in this Session of Parliament.

[Bank may advance Money to Government upon Credit of Exchequer Bilh'tjfked under this Act* Sere* 76. §3. fofi.y

If Exchequer JBills under 57 G. 3. c. 48. amount to or exceed d, coc, oocl. no Bills to be

Deficiency in Consolidated

good by Exchequer Bills under that Act.

Exchequer Dills deposited under this Act to be paid off in course, or exchanged for new Bills.

of Exchequer Bills under 57 G. 3. c. 48. and Issues of Money under this Act, Bank may deposit Exchequer Bills aa heretofore.

[Continuance of Act.]

[Act may be amended, &c.]

CAP.

A.D. 188j9

C. 20, 21

5^9° GEORGII III.

679

CAP. XX.

An Act to enable the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to issue Exchequer Bills, on the

Credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been or shall be granted by Parliament for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and nineteen. f31st March 1819.]

WHEREAS it may be necessary for the Public Service, that Exchequer Bills should be issued on the

Credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been or shall be granted by Parliament, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and nineteen May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be

enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom Treasury may

of Great Britain and Ireland, at any time or times, to cause or direct any Number of Exchequer Bills to be issue Exche-

made out at the Receipt of the Exchequer of Great Britain, for any Sum or Sums of Money, in the fame or <lucr

like Manner, Form and Order, and according to the fame or like Rules and Directions, as are prescribed in

and by an Act passed in the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for regulating the 4g q^c#

ffue and saying off of Exchequer Bills; which said^Exchequer Bills are hereby charged and chargeable upon, when payable

and shall be paid and discharged at any time, out of all or aiy of the Aids or Supplies which have been or shall be granted by Parliament for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, on

Fourteen Days' Notice being given by Public Advertisement in the London Gazette, and in Three or more of the London Newspapers, of the Day of Payment thereof.

II. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Claflfes, ProvHoes, Powers, Privileges, Advantages, Recited Act Penalties, Forfeitures and Disabilities, contained in the said recited Act, shall be applied and extended to the extended to Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act, as fully and effectually to all Intents and purposes Act

as if the said several Clausesor Provisoes had been particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to Exchequer

extend, to authorise the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to issue any Exchequer Bills on the Bills on the Credit of any Duties or Taxes granted by an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for continuing 59

to His Majesty certain Duties on Malt, Sugar, Tobacco and Snuff, in Great Britain, and on Pensions, Offices and j, 0w to^be* Personal Estates in England, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, in any other issued, manner than they are authorised by the said Act, or to issue any Exchequer Bills on the Credit of any Aids

or Supplies which may be granted in the next Session of Parliament.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act shall Exchequer

bear Date on the Days on which the same shall be respectively issued, and shall and may bear an Interest not to bear exceeding the rate of Threepence Halfpenny per Centum per Diem, upon or in respect of the Whole of thexce^nc Monies respectively contained therein, payable out of any Aids or Supplies in the Receipt of His Majesty's per Cent? per* Exchequer. Diem.

V. And be it further enacted, That all and f every the Exchequer Bills to be made forth by virtue of this Exchequer Act, or so many of them as shall from time to time remain undischarged and uncancelled, shall and may, at Bills may, at any time after the Expiration of Four Months from the Date of any such Bills respectrvdy, be received and the Expiration taken, and shall pass and be current to all and every the Receivers and Collectors in Great Britain of the Cuf-

toms, Excise, or any Revenue, Supply, Aid or TaX what foe ver already granted, due or payable, or which taken in Pay-shall or may hereafter be granted, due or payable to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and also at the ment of the Receipt of the Exchequer from the said Receivers or Collectors, or from any other Person or Persons, Bodies Revenu^ Politic or Corporate whatsoever, making any Payments there to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, for or upon any Account, Cause or Occasion whatsoever, according to the Purport and true meaning of this Act; and that such of the fame Bills as shall be received at the Exchequer shall and may be locked up and secured as Cash, according to the Course of the Exchequer settled and established by Law for locking up and securing Monies received in Specie there.

VI. And be it declared and further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Governor and Com- Bank authorised pany of the Bank of England to advance or lend to His Majesty in like manner, at the Receipt of the Exche- to advance quer upon the Credit of all or any of the Aids or Supplies which have been or shall be granted by Parlia- 3'oc£

ment for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, any Sum or Sums of Money, 1

not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Three Millions, any thing in an Act made in the Fifth and Sixth notwithstand-Years of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled An Act for granting to their Majesties several ing Act 5 & 6 Elates and Duties upon Tonnage of Ships and Vessels, and upon Beer, Ale and other Liquors; and for securing Gul. & Mari* certain Recompences and Advantages in the said Act mentioned to such Persons as shall voluntarily advance the Sum of One million five hundred thousand Pounds towards carrying on the War against Trance, or in any subsequent Act, to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

CAP. XXL

An Act to amend several Acts for purchasing an Estate for the Duke of Wellington.

[31 It March 1819.]

an Act passed in the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An 53 G. 3«

c V\ Act for granting a Sum of Money for purchasing an Estate for the Marquis of Wellington and his Heirs, in consideration of the eminent and signal Services performed by the said Marquis of Wellington to His

4 S Majesty

68o

53 G. 3. c. 133.

54 G. 3. c. 161.

SS G- 3- c. 186.

Trustees may apply the Residue of Money arising from the Sale of Timber in the Purchase of Lands, Sec.

51 G. 3- c. I. c* G. 3. c. 8.

58 G. 3. 0.9c.

52 G. 3. c. 8. $ 1. repealed.

No such Offi cere, and only Four Equerries,

C. 21, 22. 59° GEORGII III. A.D. 1819.

Majesty and the Public: And Whereas another Act was passed in the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend an Act of the present Session of Parliament for granting a Sum of ' Money for purchasng an Estate for the Marquis of Wellington and his Heirs, in conjtderation of the eminent

andfgtial Services performed by the said Marquis of Wellington to His Majesty and the Public: And Whereas

another Act was passed in the Fifty fourth year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for settling and securing an Annuity 'on Arthur Duke of Wellington and his Heirs, and for empowering the Lord High Treasurer, or Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, to advance out of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain 1 a Sum of Money in lieu of such Annuity, to purchase an Estate in order to accompany the said Title, in conji deration of the eminent and fgnal Services performed by the said Duke of Wellington to His Majesty and to the Public, and for making further Provision for the Disposal of a Sum of Money granted by an Act of the last Session of Parliament for purchasing an Estate for the said Duke then Marquis of Wellington: And Whereas another Act was passed in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for granting an addstional Sum of Money for providing a suitable Residence and Estate for the Duke of Wellington and his Heirs, in confderation of the eminent andfgnal Services performed by the said Duke to His Majesty and the Public: And Whereas it is enacted by the said recited Acts that the Trustees of the said Acts for the time being shall apply the Residue of the Surplus of the Monies which shall from time to time arise and be produced from the Sale of Timber to be cut down and felled under the Directions of the said Acts, after setting apart and appropriating so much thereof as is therein directed to be set apart 'and appropriated for the Purposes therein mentioned, in the Improvement and Melioration of the Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments to be purchased and settled under the said Acts, or any or either of them, in the manner and according to the Regulations and under the Restrictions therein specified: And Whereas it is expedient that the said Trustees Should be empowered to lay out such Residue, or any Part thereof, from time to time in the Purchase of other and additional Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses as the Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, to be purchased under the Provisions of the said Acts are directed to be settled : Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees of the said recited Acts for the time being to apply any such residuary Monies as aforesaid, or any Part thereof, in the Purchase of any other and additional Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, to be settled in such and the like manner, to such and the same Uses, and under and subject to such and the fame Limitations, Powers, Authorities, Regulations, Restrictions and Provisions, as are in the said Acts contained, in relation to the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, to be purchased and settled under the said Acts, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the fame were severally repeated and re-enacted in this Act; any thing in the said recited Acts contained as to the Application of such residuary Monies to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XXII.

An Act for the further Regulation of His Majesty's Household, and the Care of His Royal Person during the Continuance of His Indisposition.

[6th April 1819.]

WHEREAS an Act passed in the Fifty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to provide for the Administration of the Royal Authority, and for the Care of His Majesty's Royal Person,

during toe Continuance of His Majesty's Illness; and for the Resumption of the Exercise of the Royal Authority by His Majesty: And Whereas another Act passed in the Fifty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty's Household, and enabling Her Majesty the Queen to meet the increased Expence to which Her Majesty may be exposed during His Majesty's Indisposition; and for the Care of His Majesty's Real and Personal Property; and to amend an Act of the last Session of Parliament, to provide for the Administration of the Royal Authority during His Majesty's Illness: And Whereas an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to alter and amend certain of the Provisions of an Act passed in the Fifty frf Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to provide for the Administration of the Royal Authority, and for the Care of His Majesty's Royal Person, during the Continuance of His Majesty's IUnejt;

and for the Resumption of the Exercise of the Royal Authority by His Majesty : And Whereas the Death o 4 Her late Most Excellent Majesty, the Consort of His Majesty, will allow of some Reduction in the Expence of the Establishment provided for His Majesty, without diminishing the Attendance suitable and requisite to the due Care of His Majesty's Sacred Person, and the Maintenance of His Royal Dignity; and it is therefore expedient that the Provisions of the said recited Acts Should be amended Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the said recited Act, of the Fifty second Year aforesaid, as enads that, during the Continuance of His Majesty's Indisposition, the Vice Chamberlain of His Majesty's Household, Four of the Gentlemen, and Four of the Grooms of His Majesty's Bedchamber, and the Master of the Robes, Should be appointed or selected and chosen from the refoedive Departments of His Majesty's Household, for the Care and Attendance upon His Majesty's Sacred Person, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed; and that no Vacancies, which may hereafter happen or arise in any of the said Offices, shall be filled up by His Royal Highness the Duke of York and Albany, in pursuance of the Powers vested in him by the Act of the present Session of Parliament; and that from and after the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, none of the Persons holding any of the said Offices, and no greater Number than Four of the Persons holding the Offices of

Equerries

A.D. 1819. 59° GEORGII III. C. 22.

Equerries to His Majesty, appointed to be in Attendance upon His Royal Person, shall have or receive any Salaries, Wages or Profits in respect of such Offices.

II. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited Act of the Fifty second Year aforesaid as enacts that, during the Continuance of His Majesty's Indisposition, the Sum of One hundred thousand Pounds shall be annually paid out of the Civil List Revenues, for defraying the Charges and Expences of His Majesty, and of the Portion of His Majesty's Household attached to the Care of His Sacred Person, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed; and from and after the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, and during the Continuance of His Majesty's Indisposition, the Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds shall be annually paid out of the Civil List Revenues in lieu and instead of the said Sum of One hundred thousand Pounds, in Four Quarterly Payments, to commence from the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and nineteen 5 and such Payments shall be made to the First Gentleman of His Majesty's Bedchamber, commonly called The Groom of the Stole, appointed to attend His Majesty's Sacred Person, for the defraying the Charges and Expences of His Majesty, and such Portion of His Household as shall be in Attendance upon His Majesty's Sacred Person, and shall be made in preference to all other Payments whatsoever, any thing in an Act passed in the Twenty second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, or in any other Act or Acts of Parliament, to the contrary notwithstanding 5 and such Payments shall be made out of any Sums of Money from time to time in the Exchequer, applicable to the purposea of His Majesty's Civil Establishment, free and clear of and from all Taxes, Rates, Assessments, or other Charges, Fees or Deductions whatsoever; and the Acquittances or Receipts of the said Groom of the Stole shall be a good and sufficient Discharge for the Payment thereof, and a sufficient Authority to the several and respective Officers of the Receipt of the Exchequer for the Payment thereof.

III. And be it further enacted, That an Recount of the Application of the said Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds, so directed to be issued to and appropriated by the Groom of the Stole in Attendance upon His Majesty's Person, shall from time to time when the same shall be required, and if not required oftener, once in each Year at the least, be laid before the Lord High Treasurer of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for the time being, who, or any Three or more of them, shall direct the Application of any Surplus, if any shall remain, so as that the Surplus shall go and be applied to the Civil List Revenues for the purposes of His Majesty's Civil Establishment.

IV. And Whereas it is proper that the Annual Sum of Ten thousand Pounds, granted to Her late Most*Excellent Majesty, in consequence of Her Majesty having the Care of the Person of His Majesty, should be now granted to His Royal Highness the Duke of York and Albany* Be it therefore enacted, That there shall be paid to His said Royal Highness, during the Continuance of His Majesty's Indisposition, out of the Revenues qr Sums of Money from time to time in the Exchequer, applicable to the Purposes of His Majesty's Civil Establishment, an Annual Sum or Yearly Rent of Ten thousand Pounds, to commence from the Twelfth Day of February One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, and to be paid in Quarterly Payments; the First Payment to be made on the Fifth i)ay of April One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, for the proportionate Part of the Quarter between the said Twelfth' Day of February and the said Fifth Day of Aprils and that the same shall be charged and chargeable upon, and payable and paid out of any Sums of Money in the Exchequer applicable to the Purposes of His Majesty's Civil Establishment, next after the said Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds, and free and clear of and from all Taxes, Rates, Assessments, or any Charges, Fees or other Deductions whatsoever; and the Acquittances or Receipts of His said Royal Highness shall be a good and sufficient Discharge for the Payment thereof, and a sufficient Authority to the several and respective Officers of the Receipt of the Exchequer for the Payment of the said Money.

4 V. And Whereas it is expedient to enable His Majesty to make some Provision for the Ladies of the Bedchamber and the Maids of Honour, and for certain of the Officers and Attendants on Her late Most Excellent Majesty, and for certain other Persons to whom Her late Most Excellent Majesty had granted certain Pensions and Allowances Be it therefore further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty to grant such Pensions or Allowances to such Persons as he may think fit, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Eighteen thousand two hundred and forty six Pounds per Annum, and to charge the fame upon the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; and which Pensions so to be granted shall commence from the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, and be paid and payable quarterly at the Receipt of the Exchequer at Westminster, out of the said Consolidated Fund, free and clear of and from all Taxes, Charges or other Deductions whatsoever.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all the Powers and Authorities vested in Her late Most Excellent Majesty by the said recited Act of the Fifty second Year aforesaid, in relation to the Application of His Majesty's Privy Purse and Net Surplus Revenue of the Duchy of Lancaster, shall from and after the Twelfth Day of February One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, during the Continuance of His Majesty's Indisposition, and until the Resumption of the personal Exercise of the Royal Authority by His Majesty, be velted in His Royal Highness the Duke of York and Albany, who shall also have full Power and Authority to grant and sign Warrants for the issuing and Payment out of the said Privy Purse and Revenues aforesaid, of any Sums which may have become due for Medical Advice and Attendance, or any incidental or other Charges or Payments, since the Death of Her late Most Excellent Majesty, and to grant and lign all other Warrants, and to make all Orders which might have been granted, signed, issued or given by Her late Most Excellent Majesty, under the Provisions of the said recited Act of the Fifty second Year aforesaid, in like manner in every Respect as if all the Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Clauses and Regulations in the said recited Act contained, were severally and separately repeated and re-enacted, as to His said Royal Highness, in this Act.

VII. An

681

to receive Salaries.

52 G. 3. c. 8.

§ 5. repealed.

The Sum of 5o, cocl. applied in lieu of the said

ioo, ocoL

22 G. 3. c. 82.

Such Payments free from Taxes, &c.

An Account of the Application of the said Sum to be laid before Treasury, who may direct Application of Surplus,

10, 000l. annually to the Duke of York during His Majesty's Indisposition.

Free from Taxes, &c.

His Majesty enabled to grant Pensions, out of Consolidated Fund, to Ladies of the Bed-chamber and other Attendants upon Her late Majesty.

Powers vested in Her late Majesty, in relaUon to the Application of His Majesty's Privy Puree, or Revenues of the Duchy of Lancaster, vested in the Duke of York.

Pensions payable out of Privy Pune to be authorised by the Duke of York.

Limitation of the Amount.

44 G. 3. c."8c\

§ 1. repealed.

56 G. 3. c. 46. §5. repealed.

56 G. 3. c. 46.

S3-

The Amount of the Sum to be hereafter appropriated.

56 G. 3. c. 46. §3.

The said Account to be laid before Parliament.

37 G. 3* c. 45.

37 G. 3. c. 45.

C. 22, 23. 59° GEORGII III. A.D. 1819.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Royal Highness the Duke of York and Albany, upon the Reduction of His Majesty's Household at Wtndfor, to order and direct, and give Authority under His Royal Highness's Hand, for the Payment of any such Pensions or Allowances, to be payable out of the Money issued to the Keeper of His Majesty's Privy Purse, to any Servants of His Majesty, whose Services may be discontinued upon such Reduction, and who may be deemed by His Royal Highness fit Objects of His Majesty's Bounty, so as that such Pensions and Allowances shall not, in addition to the Sums which shall continue to be applied under the Authority of His Royal Highness in each Quarter under the Provisiong of the said recited Act of the Fifty second Year aforesaid and this Act, exceed in the Whole, together with the present Amount of the Charges upon and allowed to be paid out of the said Privy Purse under the said recited Act of the Fifty second Year aforesaid, the aggregate Amount of Fifteen thousand four hundred and sixty one Pounds, and Four thousand nine hundred and seventy Pounds, Quarterly, charged upon and allowed to be paid out of the said Privy Purse, under the Provisions of the said recited Act of the Fifty second Year aforesaid; provided, that no fuefe new Pension as aforesaid shall exceed in the Whole the Sum of Three hundred Pounds per Annum.

VIII. And Whereas in consequence of the Death of Her late Most Excellent Majesty, the Annuity or 1 Income of Fifty eight thousand Pounds per Annum, which was issued and paid to Her Majesty out of the

Civil List Revenue, in ptrrfuance of Grants from His Majesty, will be no longer payable; and in confe-< quence of the Reduction of the Sum heretofore issued to the First Gentleman of the Bedchamber or Groom 1 of the Stole, for defraying the Charges and Expences of His Majesty, and such Portion of His Household ' as shall be in Attendance upon His Majesty's Sacred Person, a further Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds here-

tofore issued and payable out of the Civil List Revenue, will no longer be charged thereon Be it therefore enacted, That so much of an Act of the Forty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the better Support of His Majestys Household, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Croton of the United Kingdom, and for preventing Arrears in the Payments of the Civil List Revenues, as granted to His Majesty a further Revenue or Yearly Rent of Sixty thousand Pounds, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed, from the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, from which Period the said Revenue or yearly Rent shall no longer be payable; and that so much of an Act passed in the Fifty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the better Regulation of the Civil List, as directed that there should be applied to the Civil List Revenue, out of the Surplus of Fees and Gratuities received at the Exchequer, the Sum of Forty eight thousand Pounds per Annum, by even and equal Quarterly Payments, shall also be and the fame is hereby repealed, from the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and nineteen 5 from which time all the Surplus of the said Fee9 and Gratuities shall go and be carried to the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

IX. And Whereas by the said recited Act of the Fifty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, are required, at the Commencement of every Quarter, to direct what Sums should be respectively set apart and appropriated in the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of the Quarterly Revenue of the Civil List, for the Purpose of defraying

the Charges of the respective Classes thereof, but so as that the Sum to be appropriated to the Sixth Clals do not exceed One fourth Part of the estimated Amount of that Class, as specified in the Schedule annexed

to the said Act; and so that the Sum to be appropriated to the other Classes be equal to One fourth Part of the estimated Amount of such Class: And Whereas the estimated Amount of the First Class, according to the Schedule annexed to the said Act, is Two hundred and ninety eight thousand Pounds, but by reason of the Death of Her late Most Excellent Majesty, and of the Reduction of the Sum to be issued to the Groom of the Stole of His Majesty, the future Charge of the said Class will be reduced to One hundred and ninety thousand Pounds per Annum ft Be it therefore further enacted, That the Sum hereafter to be appropriated in pursuance of the said Act of the Fifty sixth Year of His present Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the First Class of the Civil List, shall be equal only to One fourth Part of the Sum of One hundred and ninety thousand Pounds, being the estimated Amount of the future Charge of the said Class.

X. And Whereas it is expedient that so mtrch of the said Act of the Fifty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as provided that whenever the total Charge of the Civil List, from the Fifth Day of

January in any one Year to the Fifth Day of January in the succeeding Year, shall amount to more than One million one hundred thousand Pounds, an Account, dating the Particulars of such exceeding, and the Cause thereof, should be submitted to Parliament, should be amended ft Be it therefore further enacted, That the said Account shall be submitted to Parliament in the manner directed by the said Act, whenever the total Charge upon the Civil List, from the Fifth Day of January m any one Year to the Fifth Day of January in the succeeding Year, shall exceed the Sum of Nine hundred and ninety two thousand Pounds.

Cap. xxiri.

An Act to restrain, until the End of the present Session of Parliament, the Governor and Company of the Bank of England from making Payments in Cash under certain Notices given by them for lint Purpose.

[6th April 1819.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the Thirty seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled ' An Act for confirming and continuing, for a limited time, the RestriGton contained in the Minute of Council of the Twenty sixth Day of February One thousand seven hundred and ninety seven on Payments of Cash by the Bank: And Whereas an Act was also made in the Thirty seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign ' further to continue the said Act until One Month after the Commencement of the then next Session of

Parliament,

A.D. 1819. 59° GEORGII III. C. 23, 24.

Parliament, under certain Regulation* and Restrictions: And Whereas another Act was made in the Thirty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to amend and continue the said first mentioned Act until One

Month after the Conclusion of the then present War: And Whereas it was provided in the said first recited Act that it should and might be lawful for the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, during the Continuance of the said Act, to issue Cash out of any Cash which should be at their Disposal in Payment of any Debt or Demand whatever* or of any Part or Proportion of any Debt or Demand whatever, upon

their giving Five Days' Notice in Writing to the Speaker of the House of Commons of their Intention so to do, specifying the Description of such Debt or Demand, which Notice the Speaker of the House of Commons is thereby required to cause forthwith to be inserted in the London Gazette: And Whereas the said Acts have been continued by several subsequent Acts until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen: And Whereas, in pursuance of the said Authority vested in the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, a Notice was given on the Third Day of January One thousand seven hundred and ninety nine, by the said Governor and Company to the Speaker of the House of Commons, that on and after the Fourteenth Instant the Bank would pay in Cash all Fraftional Sums under Five Pounds, and that on and after the First Day of February next the Bank will pay Cash for all Notes of One and Two Pounds Value that are dated prior to the First Day of July One thousand seven hundred and ninety eight, or exchange them for new Notes of the fame Value, at the Option of the

Holders; and One other Notice was in like manner given by the said Governor and Company, on the Seventeenth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, that on and after the Second Day of May then next ensuing the Bank will pay Cash for all Notes of One and Two Pounds Value that are dated prior to the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, or exchange them for new Notes of the fame Value, at the Option of the Holders; and One other Notice was in like manner given by the said Governor and Company, on the Eighteenth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, that on and after the First Day of October then next ensuing the Bank will be ready to pay Cash for their Notes of every Description dated prior to the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and seventeen; and the said respective Notices have been published in the London Gazette in the manner provided by the said Act: And Whereas a Continuance of the Partial Payments so advertised might materially obstruct the Measures to be adopted for the final and complete Removal, at such time or times and in such Mode as Parliament may deem most advisable, of the Restrictions which have been of late Years imposed on the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England in respect to Cash Payments; and it is therefore expedient that the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England should be restrained for a limited time from making any Issue of Cash to which they became liable under any or either of the said Notices, so far as relates to any Payment in the Gold Coin of this Realm, dqmandable under the Authority of the said Notices and of the said recited Acts: Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, and until the End of the present Session of Parliament, it shall not be lawful for the Governor and Company of the Bank of England to make any Payment in the Gold Coin of this Realm, either of Fraftional Sums under Five Pounds, or for any of their Notes dated prior to the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, any thing in the above recited Acts or Notices to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, amended or repealed by any Act or Acts to be passed in this Session of Parliament.

[This Act continued till ifi May 1823. c. 49. pofiJ\

CAP. XXIV.

An Act to restrain, until the End of the present Session of Parliament, the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland from making Payments in the Gold Coin of this Realm, under certain Notices given by them.

[8th April 1819.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for confirming and continuing for a limited time the RefiriSions contained in the Minute of Council of the Second Day of March One thousand seven hundred and ninety seven, on*Payments in Cash by the Bank, it was enacted, that it should not be lawful for the said Governor and Company to iliue any Calli in Payment of any Debt or Demand whatsoever, except according to the Provisions in the said Act contained, and that the said Act Should be in force and Should have Continuance,

4 so far as the fame restrained the Governor and Company of the said Bank from issuing Calli in Payments,

until Three Months after the Restriction imposed by an Act of the Parliament of Great Britain on the Governor and Company of the Bank of England from issuing Calli in Payments Should cease, unless the Lord Lieutenant and Privy Council of Ireland Should by an Order of Council direct that the said Restriction on the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland should sooner cease; and it was by the said Recited Act provided, that nothing in the said Act contained Should extend to restrain the said Govertpr and Company of the Bank of Ireland from issuing any Sum of Money less than Twenty Shillings in Calli in Payment of any Debt or Demand not amounting to Twenty Shillings, or in Payment of so much of any larger Debt or Demand as Should be a fractional Part of Twenty Shillings over and above the Residue of such Debt or Demand: And Whereas the said recited Act of the Thirty seventh Year has by several subsequent Acts been continued until the Expiration of Three Calendar Months next after any Restriction imposed by any Act on the Governor and Company of the Bank of England from issuing Calli in Payments

Should

683

38 Q. 3. c. r.

37 G. 3. c. 45. §ir.

Recital, that Notice by Governor and Company of the Bank was given of Payment in Cash of certain Notes.

And that it is expedient to restrain the same.

Bank not to make any Payment in Geld Coin of thia Realm either in Fractional Sums under jL or for Notes dated prior to Jan. 1, 1817.

Act may be altered, &c. this Session.

Iridi 37 0-3-

Recital of Notices by Bank of Ireland of Payments in Cash.

Bank of Ireland not to make any Payment in Gold Coii\ either of^Fractional Sums under] 30s. or for !Notes dated prior to Jan. I,

2817.

Act altered, &c. this Session.

C. 24, 25. 59° GEORGII III. A.D. 1819.

1 should cease, unless the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors and the Privy Council of

Ireland should by an Order in Council direct that the said Restriction on the Governor and Company of the

Bank of Ireland should sooner cease: And Whereas, under and by the Authority of an Order of the Lord

Lieutenant and Privy Council of Ireland, a Notice was given by a Court of Directors of the Governor and

Company of the said Bank of Ireland on the Twentieth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and ' seventeen, that on and after the Third Day of February then next, the said Bank would pay in Cash all their Notes under the Value of Five Pounds which were dated prior to the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twelve, or would exchange them for new Notes, at the Option of the Holders: And Whereas, under and by the Authority of another Order of the Lord Lieutenant and Privy Council of Ireland, a Notice was also given by the said Court of Directors of the said Governor and Company on the Eleventh Day of July One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, that on and after the

Second Day of August then next the said Bank would pay in Cash all their Notes under the Value of Five Pounds which were dated prior to the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, or would exchange them for new Notes, at the Option of the Holders: And Whereas, under and by the Authority of another Order of the Lord Lieutenant and Privy Council of Ireland, -a Notice was also given

by the said Court of Directors of the said Governor and Company on the Twenty seventh Day of

December One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, that on and after the First Day 01 January then next

the said Bank would pay in Cash all their Notes which were dated prior to the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, or would exchange them for new Notes, at the Option of the

Holders: And Whereas a Continuance of the partial Payments of which such Notices have been given might materially obstruct the Measures to be adopted for the final and complete Removal, at such time or times and in such Modes as Parliament may deem most advisable, of the Restrictions which have been of late Years imposed on the said Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland in respect of Cash Payments; and it is therefore expedient that the said Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland should be restrained for a 4 limited time from making any Issues of Cash to which they became liable under any or either of the said Notices, so far as relates to any Payment in the Gold Coin of this Realm, demandable under the Authority of the said Notices and of the said recited Acts Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Tenth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, and until the End of the present Session of Parliament, it shall neat be lawful for the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland to make any Payment in the Gold Coin of this Realm, either of fractional Sums under Twenty Shillings, or for any of their Notes dated prior to the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and seventeen 5 any thing in the above recited Acts or Notices to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, amended or repealed by any Act or Act» to be passed in this Session of Parliament.

{This Act continued till l ft June 1823. c. 99. pofl.-\

CAP. XXV.

An Act to enable His Majesty to fix the Rate and direct the Disposal of Freight Money, for the Conveyance of Specie and Jewels on board His Majesty's Ships and Vessels.

[8th April 1819.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that His Majesty should be authorised to fix the Rate and direct the Dif-

posal and Distribution of Freight Money for the Conveyance of Specie and Jewels on board His Majesty's Ships and Vessels 5' Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act all Freight Money to be paid for the Conveyance in any of the Ships and Vessels of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, of Gold, Silver and Jewels, or of any other Article which may be by special Order received on board the said Ships

Majesty's Ships and Vessels, and for which Freight shall be payable, shall be paid at such Rate, and distributed and applied and Vessels, to such Purposes, and divided to and amongst such Persons in such Proportions and after such manner as His of Gold, Silver, Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, shall from time to time think lit to order and direct, by any Proclamation

Sle^ArticleaJ" or to be issued for that Purpose; and that no Freight Money or Reward shall hereafter be

to be divided in demanded, paid, received or retained, by, to or for the Use or on account of any Person or Persons, for the die manner Conveyance on board of any of the Ships or Vessels of His Majesty, Jiis Heirs or Successors, of any Gold,

directed by Silver or Jewels, or any other Article, which may be by special Order received on board the said Ship or Vessel,

Proclamation, and for which Freight shall be payable, other than for the Purposes and by the Person or Persons, in the Proportion, at the Rates, and in the manner so to be paid and allowed by Proclamation or Proclamations; and that all Bargains, Contrafts, Covenants and Agreements, made or entered into, or hereafter to be made or entered into, for the Payment of any Freight Money for or in the name or on the account of Freight for the Conveyance of Gold, Silver or Jewels, or other Articles as aforesaid, on board of any of His Majesty's Ships or Vessels, at any other Rate, or for any other Purpose, or by or to any other Person or Persons, or in any other manner or Proportions than as aforesaid, shall be. and the same are hereby declared to be utterly void.

All Freight to be paid for Conveyance on board Hu

A.D. 1819. 59° GEORGII III. C. 26, 27, 28. 685

CAP. XXVI.

An Act for fixing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers.

[8th April 1819.]

[This Act is the same as 58 G. 3. c. 22. except as to Dates

CAP. XXVII.

An Act to facilitate the Trial of Felonies committed on board Vessels employed on Canals, Navigable Rivers and Inland Navigations.

[19th May 1819.]

WHEREAS Felonies are frequently committed on board Vessels employed in carrying and conveying Goods, Wares and Merchandise in or upon Canals, Navigable Rivers and Inland Navigations, in*various Parts of the United Kingdom, as well by breaking open the Caiks and Packages containing such Goods,

Wares and Merchandise, as in various other Ways: And Whereas such Felonies frequently remain undetefted*until the Arrival of such Vessels at the Places of their Destination; and in consequence of such Canals and Navigations passing through several Counties forming the Boundaries of Counties on each Side or Bank, it can seldom be known within what County such Felonies may have been actually committed, and Offenders*frequently escape unpunished from defect of Proof that the Felony with which they are charged was*actually committed within the County in which such Offenders may be indicted: ' For Remedy thereof be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That Felonies on from and after the passing of this Act, in any Indictment for any Felony committed on board any Barge, Navigations Boat, Trow or other Vessel whatever, employed or used in carrying or conveying Goods, Wares and Mer- may be pro-chandise, or in which any such Goods, Wares or Merchandise shall be, in or upon any Canal, Navigable secuted any River or Inland Navigation, in any Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, it shall be fuf- °Ugh

ficient to allege that such Felony was committed within any County or City through any Part whereof such Navigation Boat, Barge, Trow or other Vessel shall have passed in the Course of the Voyage or Journey during which such passes.

Felony shall have been committed; and in Cases wherein the Sides or Banks of any Navigable River, Canal

or Inland Navigation, or the Centre thereof, shall constitute the Boundary of any Two Counties or Cities, it

shall be sufficient to allege that such Felony was committed in either of the said Counties or Cities through

whiclf, or any Part thereof, such Boat, Barge, Trow or other Vessel shall have passed in the Course of the

Voyage or Journey during which such Felony shall have been committed; and every such Felony shall and Persons so tried*

may be inquired of, tried and determined in the County or City within which the fame Felony shall be so and convicted

alleged to have been committed; and all and every Person and Persons who shall be convicted of any such t? be subject to

Felony so to be inquired of, tried and determined as aforesaid, shall be subject and liable to all such Pains of ^ns an<*

Death, and other Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures, as such Person or Persons convicted of such Felony would i^th

have been subject and liable to in case such Felony had been inquired of, tried and determined in the County County where

in which the fame Felony was actually committed; any Law, Statute or Usage to the contrary in any wise Fact com-

notwithstanding: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to nutted.

affect the Jurisdiction of the High Court of Admiralty, or of any Commission for the Trial of Offences under

an Act passed in the Twenty eighth Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, intituled For Pirates. 28 H. 8. c. 15.

CAP. XXVIII.

An Act to empower Magistrates to divide the Court of Quarter Sessions.

[19th May 1819.]

WHEREAS the Courts of Quarter Session, by reason of the great Increase of Business therein, have of late been occupied during many Days, to the great Delay of Suitors, to the Inconvenience of

1 Witnesses and Jurors, and to the Increase of the County Rates; and such Inconvenience is likely to continue*unless some Remedy be provided for the fame: And Whereas it would tend materially to remedy this Inconvenience, if Two or more of the Justices attending the Quarter Sessions should be enabled to fit and proceed,

when Occasion should so require, while other Justices should proceed in the Dispatch of the other Business of the fame Court Be it therefore declared and enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That whenever and as often as any Court of Quarter Session Courts of or General Session of the Peace shall be assembled for the Dispatch of Business thereunto belonging, the Quarter Ses-Justices then present may, on the First Day of their being so assembled, take into their Consideration the State si°ns or Gene-of the Business likely to be brought before them at such Quarter Session or General Session; and if it shall^Sessions of appear to them that such Business, if heard and determined by the whole Court, is likely to occupy more than ap^i, ^XwcTor Three Days, including the Day of their being so assembled, it shall and may be lawful for the said Justices more Justices to appoint Two or more Justices, One of whom shall be of the Quorum, to fit apart from themselves in some (one to be of Place in or near the Court, there to hear and determine such Business as shall be referred to them, whilst the Quorum) others of the Justices are at the same time proceeding in the Dispatch of the other Business of the fame Court; *?nn a Court and that the Proceedings so had by and before such Two or more Justices so fitting apart shall be as good and effectual in the Law to all Intents and Purposes as if the fame were had before the Court assembled and fitting as usual in its ordinary Place of fitting, and shall be inrolled and recorded accordingly.

59 Geo. III. 4 T II. Provided

686 C. 28, 29.

59° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1819.

Regulations made for the Apportionment of Business need not be renewed at each succeeding Session.

Clerk of the Peace to appoint a Person to record the Proceedings of such separate Court.

Quarter Sessions may order County Treasurer to remunerate Clerk of the Peace.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when Two or more Justices shall have fat apart in manner before directed by this Act, and Orders, Rules and Regulations shall have been made for the Apportionment of Business, such Orders, Rules and Regulations shall remain and continue in force as long as shall be thought expedient, without the Necessity of renewing such Orders, Rules and Regulations at each succeeding Session, to the intent .that the fame may become public and better known to all professional and other Persons engaged in or in any manner interested in the Business of such Quarter Session.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy (wherever Two or more Justices shall fit apart at any Quarter Session) shall be authorised and required to appoint a fit and sufficient Person to record the Proceedings so had before the Justices fitting apart; and such Proceedings shall be delivered over to the Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy, and shall be equally deemed to be a Part of the Records of such Session, as if the fame Proceedings had been recorded by the Clerk of the Peace himself; and it shall be lawful for the Justices assembled at the Quarter Session to make an Order upon the Treasurer of the County to pay to the Cltrk of the Peace such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall deem a fit and reasonable Remuneration to the Clerk of the Peace for such Purpose as aforesaid; and it shall be lawful for such Justices to appoint an additional Cryer, and to grant him such Remuneration for his Care and Pains as they shall deem reasonable, ..which shall in like manner be paid by the Treasurer of the County.

CAP. XXIX.

Duties on Mineral Alkali, &c. to cease, and instead thereof, the Duties described in Tabic (A.) to be paid.

Importers not compelled to pay Duties of Goods warehoused under 43 G. 3. c. 13a.

Articles secured in Warehouse under 43 G. 3. c. 132. and taken out after -ajth March 2819, only to pay the said Duties.

Duties how levied.

Application of the Money arising from Duties.

Act altered, &c. hit Session,

An Act to repeal the Duties on Mineral Alkali, and on Articles containing Mineral Alkali and other Articles, and to impose other Duties in lieu thereof.

[19th May 1819.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the Duties of Customs payable on the Importation into that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain on Mineral Alkali, and on Articles containing Mineral Alkali, whereof Mineral Alkali is the most valuable Part, and also on Barilla, Kelp and Natron, should be repealed, and that other Duties of Customs should be imposed in lieu thereof on Mineral Alkali, and on Articles containing Mineral Alkali, imported into that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Twenty ninth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, the Duties of Customs payable by Law upon Mineral Alkali, and on Articles containing Mineral Alkali, whereof Mineral Alkali is the most valuable Part, and also on Barilla, Kelp and Natron, imported into that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain, do cease and determine, save and except in all Cases relating to the recovering or paying Arrears thereof which may remain unpaid, or to any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture relating thereto, which shall have been incurred at any time before or on the Twenty ninth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nineteen; and that from and after the said Twenty ninth Day of March, in lieu and instead of the Duties hereby repealed, there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid unto His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, a Duty of Customs on Alkali, and on Articles containing Alkali, imported into that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain, according to a Table annexed to this Act marked (A.): Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to compel the Importers, Proprietors or Consignees of any of the aforesaid Articles to pay the Duties upon the Importation and landing thereof, in case such Importers, Proprietors or Consignees shall lodge and secure the fame under the joint Locks of the Crown and the Merchant, under the Regulations required by an Act passed in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for permitting certain Goods imported into Great Britain to be secured in IVarchouses without Payment of Duty.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said Duties, and no other, shall be charged and payable on any of the said Articles, which having been warehoused or otherwise secured under the Authority of the aforesaid Act of Parliament without Payment of Duty, shall be taken out of any such Warehouse or Place wherein the same shall have been lodged or secured, for the purpose of being used or consumed in this Kingdom, after the said Twenty ninth Day of March, notwithstanding the fame may have been imported into this Kingdom on or before the said Twenty ninth Day of March.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Duty of Customs granted by this Act shall and may be managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, answered, paid and recovered, in such and the like manner as the Duties on the said Articles hereby repealed were or might be managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, answered, paid and recovered, and the Goods shall be subject and liable to all and every the Conditions, Rules, Regulations, restrictions, Seizures and Forfeitures, as such Goods were subject and liable to by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force on or immediately before the said Twenty ninth Day of March.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all Monies arising from the Duties imposed by this Act, the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the fame excepted, shall from time to time be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, and shall be appropriated and applied in the same manner as the Duties of Customs imposed on the like Goods, under the Head of Permanent Duties, were directed to be appropriated and applied.

V. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, amended or repealed, by any Act or Acts to be made in this present Session of Parliament.

table

by

A.D. 1819. 59° GEORGII III.

687

G. 29, 30)31-

TABLE (A.) to which this Act refers.

Duty. Drawback.

Alkali, videlicet, Any Article containing Soda or Mineral Alkali, whereof Mineral Alkali is the most valuable Part, (such Alkali not being otherwise particularly charged with Duty, ) imported in a British Ship, if not containing a greater Proportion of such Alkali than Twenty i if. dm £ I. dm

per Centum, - the Cwt. If containing more than Twenty per Centum and not exceeding 0 ii 4 0 5 8

Twenty five per Centum of such Alkali, - the Cwt. — If containing more than Twenty five per Centum and not exceeding 0 >-« 0 O76

Thirty per Centum of such Alkali, - - the Cwt. If containing more than Thirty per Centum and not exceeding Forty per Centum of such Alkali, - - the Cwt. If containing more than Forty per Centum of such Alkali, the Cwt. If imported in a Foreign Ship, an additional Duty per Cwt. of O l8 4 092

1 3 4 1 10 0 008 0 ii 8 0 15 0

CAP. XXX.

An Act for vesting in Commissioners the Line of Road from Shrewsbury in the County of Salop, to Bangor Ferry in the County of Carnarvon, and for discharging the Trustees under several Acts of the Seventeenth, Twenty eighth. Thirty sixth. Forty first, Forty second. Forty seventh, and Fiftieth Years of His present Majesty (a), from the future Repair and Maintenance thereof; and for altering and repealing so much of the said Acts as affeGs the said Line of Road.' [19th May 1819.]

(a) 17 G. 3. c. 99. 28 G. 3. c. 96. 36 G. 3. c. 147. 41 G. 3. (U.K.) c. cxxii. 42 G. 3. c. li. 47 G. 3.

fcffm 2. c. xii. 50 G. 3. c. hi.

[Tolls between Shrewsbury and the Ten Mile Stone to cease, and new Tolls granted, §29. Tolls between Ten Miles from Shrewsbury on the Road to Oswestry and the Boundary of the Counties of Merioneth and Denbigh to cease, and new Tolls granted, §36. Tolls between the said Boundary and Cerrig y Druidion to cease y and new Tolls granted, §40. Tolls between Cerrig y Druidion and Aber y Pwll to cease, Tolls

granted, §43. i/fr Majesty and The Royal Family exempt from Tolly §61. Road from Bangor Ferry to Holyhead given up by Commissioners aBing under 55 G. 3- c. 152. to Commissioners under this Act?, c. 48. $ 43 p°f> and Powers of 55 G. 3. r. 152. ybr obtaining Materials, £sV. extended to Commissioners under tins A By c. 48. $ 50. />£>/?. Monies arising from Tolls after Payment therein mentioned, to be applied by Commissioners under this AB as therein mentioned, c. 48. §58. pof. Commissioners under this AB to lay certain Accounts before Parliament, c. 48. §61. pof.]

CAP. XXXI.

An Act to enable certain Commissioners fully to carry into effeG several Conventions for liquidating Claims of British Subjects and others, against the Government of France.

[19th May 1819.]

WHEREAS, by the Fourth additional Article of the definitive Treaty of Peace between His Majesty 4 W and His Mod Christian Majesty, concluded at Paris on the Thirtieth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, it was llipulated that, immediately after the Ratification of the said Treaty, the

Sequellers which, since the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety two, had been laid on the Funds, Revenues, Credits or any other Effects whatsoever of the High Contracting Parties, or of their Subjects, should be taken off; and that Commissioners, mentioned in tKe Second additional Article of the said Treaty, Should undertake the Examination of the Claims of His Britannic Majesty's SubieGs upon the French Government, for the Value of Property, moveable or immoveable, illegally connfcated by the French

Authorities; as also of the total or partial Loss of the Debts due to them, or other Property illegally detained under Sequeller, since the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety two: And Whereas by the Ninth Article of the Definitive Treaty of Peace between France and the Allied Powers, concluded at Paris on the

Twentieth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, it is stipulated, that the High ContraGing Parties having caused Representation to be made of the different Claims arising out of the Non Execution of the Nineteenth and following Articles of the Treaty of the Thirtieth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, as well as of the additional Articles of that Treaty, signed between Great Britain and Francey desiring to render more efficacious the Stipulations made thereby; and having determined, by Two separate Conventions, the Line to be pursued on each Side for that Purpose, the said Two Conventions annexed to the said Treaty should, in order to secure the complete Execution of the

4 T 2 4 aforementioned

55 G. 3. c. 152.

Si-

56 G. 3. c. 142. §20.

5 7 G. 3. c. 13.

§ 25.

58 G. 3. c. 101. §-3-

By Fourth additional Article of Treaty, dated 30th May 1814, Claims of British Subjects on France to be examined-

By Art. 9. of Treaty, dated 2cth Nov.

1815, Claims are recognised, and Two Conventions entered into*. '

Guarantee

Fund producing

3, 500, 000 fir. Interest vested in Commissioners.

Bourdeaux

Claims.

Convention of 20th Nov. 1815, as to Claims on France by Subjects of the Allied Sovereigns.

Commission of z; th Dec. 1815, for carrying into Execution the First Convention.

Proceedings of Commissioners.

Commission of 13th Dec. 1816, for executing Second Convention.

Proceedings of Commissioners.

Convention of 25 tii April 1818, between His Majesty and the King of France, for final Adjustment of Claims of British Subjects.

C. 31. 59° GEORGII III. A.D. 1819.

aforementioned Articles, have the fame force and effect as if the fame were inserted Word for Word therein: And Whereas by a Convention concluded in conformity to the said Ninth Article of the principal Treaty between His Majesty and His Most Christian Majesty, relative to the Examination and Liquidation of the Claims of the Subjects of His Majesty against the Government of France, and signed at Paris on the same Day, it was stipulated, That a Capital producing an Interest of Three millions five hundred thousand Francs, commencing from the Twenty second Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, should be inscribed as a Fund of Guarantee in the Great Book of the Public Debt of France, in the Names of Two or Fbur Commissioners, the One Half English and the other Half French, chosen by their respective Governments; and by the Twelfth Article of the said Convention, certain Periods were appointed for bringing forward their respective Claims by His Majestys Subjects, after the Expiration of which Period they were no longer to have the benefit of the Liquidation provided by the said Convention: And Whereas by an additional Article annexed to the said Convention, it was stipulated, that the Commission instituted by the said Convention should proceed to tlfe Liquidation of the Claims of the Subjects of His Britannic Majesty, founded on a Decision of His Most Christian Majesty, relative to the British Merchandise introduced into Bourdeaux, in conformity to the Tariff of Customs published in the above mentioned City by His Royal Highness the Duke Df Angouleme9 on the Twenty fourth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fourteen: And Whereas by another Convention concluded at Paris on the said Twentieth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and fifteen (in conformity to the Ninth Article of the said principal Treaty), relative to the Examination and Liquidation of the Claims upon the French Government by Subjects of the Allied Sovereign Powers of Great Britain, Austria, Russia and Prussia, it was agreed, that His Most Christian Majesty should cause to be liquidated, in the manner thereinafter specified, all Sums which France should be found to owe in Countries out of her Territory; and by the Fifth Article of the last mentioned*Convention it was agreed, that a Commission of Liquidation should be appointed for the Examination of such Claims; and by the Twentieth Article of the said last mentioned Convention it was stipulatsd, that on the First Day of January then next following, there should be inscribed as a Guarantee Fund in the Great Book of the Public Debt of France, a Capital producing Three millions five hundred thousand Francs yearly Revenue, with Possession, from the Twenty second Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, in the Name of Two, Four or Six Commissioners, One half the Subjects of His Most Christian Majesty, and the other half of the Allied Sovereign Powers; which said Commissioners were to be chosen and appointed, namely, One, Two or Three by the French Government, and One, Two or Three by the Allied Powers; and by the Sixteenth Article of the said Convention a certain Period was appointed for the Presentation of the Claims of the Subjects of the Allied Powers, after the Expiration of which Period they were to forfeit all Right to Claim and Recovery: And Whereas His Royal Highness The Prince Regent, acting in the Name and on the behalf of His Majesty, was pleased, by a Commission under the Great Seal of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, bearing date the Twenty seventh Day of December One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, to appoint Colin Alexander Mackenzie Esquire, George Lewis Newnham Esquire, George Hammond Esquire, David Richard Morier Esquire, and James Drummond Esquire, to be His Commissioners of Liquidation, Arbitration and Deposit, for the purpose of carrying into Effect, on the Part of His Majesty, the Provisions contained in the said first mentioned Convention of the Twentieth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, and the additional Article thereunto annexed: And Whereas the said Commissioners have caused to be inscribed in a Register, the Names of all the Claimants who presented themselves within the Period prescribed by the said Convention, and have liquidated and caused to be paid out of the said Fund of Guarantee, producing Three millions five hundred thousand Francs yearly Revenue, certain Sums, producing in the whole Two millions nine hundred and forty five thousand eight hundred and ninety five Francs of yearly Revenue, to various Persons so inscribed in the said Register, deducing therefrom the* Sum of Two per Cent. on the Amount of all the Claims so liquidated, for the purpose of reimbursing to His Majesty's Government the Expences of the said Commission; so that a Sum producing Five hundred and fifty four thousand one hundred and five Francs yearly Revenue, still remains of the said original Fund of Guarantee: And Whereas the said Commissioners did also liquidate divers Claims of the British Merchants trading to Bourdeaux: And Whereas by another Commission under the Great Seal of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, bearing Date the Thirteenth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, His Royal Highness The Prince Regent, acting in the Name and on the behalf of His Majesty, was pleased to nominate and appoint George Hammond Esquire, George Lewis Newnham Esquire, Colin Alexander Mackenzie Esquire, David Richard Morier Esquire, and James Drummond Esquire, to be His Commissioners of Liquidation, Arbitration and Deposit, for the purpose of carrying into Effect, on the Part of His Majesty, the Provisions of the said Convention secondly mentioned, relative to the Claims upon the French Government by the Subjects of the several Allied Sovereign Powers: And Whereas the said Commissioners, under the said last mentioned Commission, have caused to be inscribed in a 4 Register, the Names of all the Claimants who presented themselves within the Period prescribed by the Convention: And Whereas a Convention between His Majesty and His Most Christian Majesty, 'was signed at Paris, on the Twenty fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, For the final

Arrangement of the Claims of His Majesty's Subjects upon the Government of France; by the First

Article of which said last mentioned Convention it was agreed, that in order to effect the Payment and

entire Extinction, as well of the Capital as of the Interest thereon due to the Subjects of His Britannic

Majesty, and of which the Payment had been claimed in virtue of the additional Article to the Treaty of the Thirtieth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, and also in virtue of the hereinbefore first mentioned Convention of the Twentieth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and fifteen,

there

A.D. 1819. 59° GEORGII III. C. 31. 689

there should be inscribed in the Great Book of the Public Debt of France, a perpetual Annuity of Three Millions of Francs, representing a Capital of Sixty millions of Francs, and which Three millions should bear Interest from the Twenty fecctod of March One thousand eight hundred and eighteen; and by the Second Article of the said last mentioned Convention it was stipulated, that such Part of the Annuity as was then disposable out of the Fund created in virtue of the Ninth Article of the hereinbefore first mentioned Convention of the Twentieth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, together with all the Interest accumulated thereon since the Twenty Second Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, should be equally applicable to the Payment of the said Claims, and in consequence that the Inscriptions of the above mentioned Annuity should be delivered over to the Commissioners of His Britannic Majesty, immediately after the Exchange of the Ratification of the said Convention of the Twenty fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and eighteen; and by the Third Article of the said Convention of the Twenty fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, it was stipulated, that the Annuity of Three millions of Francs, which should be created in conformity to the above recited First Article of the said Convention, should be divided into Twelve Inscriptions of equal Value, all of which should bear Interest from the Twenty second Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, and should be inscribed in the Name of the Commissioners of His Britannic Majesty, or of those whom they shall appoint, and should be made over to them at the Rate of One of each of such Inscriptions in each fuccemve Month, to begin from the Day of the Exchange of Ratification of the said Convention: And Convention Whereas a certain other Convention was concluded on the said Twenty fifth Day of April One thousand of 25th April eight hundred and eighteen, between His Britannic Majesty and His Moll Christian Majesty, to which M10 4 Convention the Emperors of Austria and of RuJJta, and King of PruJJta, are all assenting Parties; and by the First Article of the said last mentioned Convention, for the purpose of, effecting the total Foreign Discharge of Debts contracted by France in Countries which do not form a Part of her present Territory, Countries.

with any Individuals, Corporations or Establishments whatever, Payment of which Debts is claimed in virtue of the Treaties of the Thirtieth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, and of the Twentieth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, the French Government engages to cause to be inscribed upon the Great Book of its Public Debt, with Interest from the Twenty second Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, a Rente of Twelve millions and forty thousand Francs, representing a Capital of Two hundred and forty millions eight hundred thousand Francs; and by the Seventh Article of the said last mentioned Convention of the Twenty fifth Day of April One thousand eigjit hundred and eighteen, it is agreed, that the Rente, which shall be created in virtue of the First Article thereof, shall be distributed amongst certain Powers thereinafter named as is therein provided; and the Amount of such Rente assigned by the said Article to the Ionian Islands, the Isle of France and other Countries under the Dominion of His Britannic Majesty, is One hundred and fifty thousand Francs: And Whereas certain additional Articles to the hereinbefore mentioned Convention, Additional between His Majesty and His Most Christian Majesty, of the Twenty fifth Day of April One thousand eight Articles of

hundred and eighteen, were fiffned at Paris on the Fourth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and ^ich

eighteen; and by the First of the said additional Articles, the total Amount of the Payments to be made by Bouideatix

France for the Discharge and entire Extinction of the Sums due to His Britannic Majesty, resulting from Claims were

the Decision of His Most Christian Majesty relative to the British Merchandise introduced into Bourdeaux, fixed at in consequence of the Tariff of Customs published the Fourteenth Day of March One thousand eight hun- 45°>coofh dred and fourteen, was fixed at the Sum of Four hundred and fifty thousand Francs; and by the Second of the said additional Articles it was agreed, that the said Sum of Four hundred and fifty thousand Francs should be paid into the Hands of the Commissioners appointed for the purpose by His Britannic Majesty, by certain Portions, so that the whole should be paid by the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and nineteen: And Whereas the whole of the said Sum of Four hundred and fifty thousand Francs has which has been accordingly been paid into the Hands of the Commissioners appointed by the hereinbefore recited Commission, P"d to.

dated the Twenty seventh Day of December One thousand eight hundred and fifteen: And Whereas His mmissionere. 4 Royal Highness The Prince Regent, acting in the Name and on the behalf of His Majesty, was pleased by Commission His Commission under the Great Seal of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, dated the Fir- appointteenth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, to nominate and appoint Colin Alexander; ng CommisMackenz.it Esquire, George Lewis Newnham Esquire, and George Hammond Esquire, to be His Commissioners sioners of Liof Liquidation, Arbitration and Award, for the purpose of acting on behalf of His Majesty in England, quidation, &c.

according to the Provisions of all the said hereinbefore recited several Conventions, and to take into Consideration all the Claims of His Majesty's Subjects, and of the Inhabitants of the Ionian Islands, which may have been at due times and in proper Form presented to them; and to award the Payment of such Sums as may appear to be justly due to His Majesty's said Subjects, and to the Inhabitants of the Ionian Islands:

And Whereas His Royal Highness The Prince Regent, acting in the Name and on the behalf of His Majesty, Commission was pleased, by His Commission under the Great Seal of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, of same Date,

dated the said Fifteenth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, to nominate and appoint David commissionere Richard Morier Esquire, and James Drummond Esquire, to be His Commissioners of Deposit, to receive from of Depogft.

the Government of His Most Christian Majesty at Paris the Inscriptions to be delivered over to British Commissioners in and by the said several Conventions hereinbefore mentioned: And Whereas it is expedient to provide for the Execution of the Powers vested in the said several Commissioners Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Con fen t of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, in order to Commissioners enable the said Commissioners of Liquidation, Arbitration and Award, to complete the Examination and of Liquidation

LiquidationmPoweredto

under all the said Conventions.

distribute the Sums stipulated by the several Conventions.

Commissioners to be sworn.

Oath.

Commissioners of Liquidation to examine all Parties on Oath;

who are to

attend.

False Evidence.

Perjury.

Power of the said Commissioners of Liquidation to meet and adjourn, and to summon Parties, Sec.

His Majesty to fill up,

Vacancies in the Commissions, &c.

Commissioners of Liquidation to make Order on Commissioners of Deposit for Payment of Claims.

C. 31. 59° GEORGII III. A.D. 1819.

Liquidation of the Claims of such Persons who shall have caused their Names and Claims to be duly inserted in the hereinbefore mentioned Registers, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorised and empowered, according to the Mode and Form which has hitherto been observed, and subject to such and the like Deductions of Two per Cent, as have heretofore been made in the Liquidations already effected, in manner aforesaid, to apportion, divide and distribute the said several Sums of Money stipulated by the said several Conventions to be provided by France, and to order the same to be paid to and among the several Claimants whose Names are duly entered in the said Registers; and where such Claimants shall have been or shall be adjudged to be entitled to Payment in the whole or in part of their Demands, to pay the Sum adjudged to be due to them in full, if the Sums received and still to be received for that Purpose from the French Government shall be found sufficient for the Payment in full of all the Claims which shall be adjudged to be within the true Intent and Meaning of the said several Conventions, or any of them, or in part Payment thereof, in rateable Proportions, if the said Sums shall be insufficient for the Payment of such Claims in full; and that such Payment in full or in part, and any Rejection of any such Claims as shall by the said Commissioners, or on Appeal to His Majesty in Council in manner herein after mentioned, be adjudged not to be within the true Meaning and Intent of the said Conventions or any of them, shall be respectively final and conclusive, and shall be held to be a full and entire Discharge of the French Government, and of His Majesty's Government, from any Demands in respect of any Claims falling within the Object and true Intent, Effect and Meaning of the said Conventions or any of them, and which have been inserted in the said Regiiler3 during any Period allotted for that Purpose by the several Conventions.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners of Liquidation, Arbitration and Award, before they shall enter upon the Execution of this Act, shall take an Oath before the Mailer of the Rolls for the time being, or One of His Majesty's Justices of the Court of King's Bench, Common Pleas, or Barons of the Exchequer for the time being, and also the said Commissioners of Deposit, during their residence in France, before His Majesty's Ambaffaaor at the Court of France, which they or either of them are hereby respectively authorised and required to administer, in the Form following; that is to say,

I A.B. One of the Commissioners of Liquidation, Arbitration and Award [or Deposit, as the case may

1 be'], appointed to carry into effect the Provisions of several Conventions concluded between His Majesty and His Most Christian Majesty The King of France, do swear, that according to the bell of my Judgment

and Knowledge, I will faithfully, impartially and truly execute the several Powers and Trulls vested in me

by an Act of the Fifty ninth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act [here insert the Title of this Act, -\ according to the Tenor and Purport of the said Act, and according to the true Intent

' and Meaning of the said several Conventions. So help me GOD.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Liquidation, Arbitration and Award, or any Two of them, and they are hereby empowered and required, to examine upon Oath (which Oath the said Commissioners, or any Two of them, are hereby authorised to administer), all Persons, whether Parties or Witnesses, whom the said Commissioners, or any Two of them, shall think fit to examine touching all such Matters and Things as shall appear to them to be nccelTary for the Execution of the Powers vested in the said Commissioners by their Commission and this Act; and all such Persons are hereby directed and required pundlually to attend the said Commissioners, at such time and place as they, or any Two of them, shall appoint.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons upon Examination upon Oath before the said Commissioners of Liquidation, Arbitration and Award, or any Two of them respectively, shall wilfully and corruptly give false Evidence, every such Person so offending and being thereof duly convicted, shall be and is and are hereby declared to be subject and liable to such Pains and Penalties as by any Law now in force in Great Britain Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury are subject and liable to.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners of Liquidation, Arbitration and Award, and they, or any Two of them, are hereby authorised, to meet and fit from time to time at such Place as they, or any Two of them, shall think proper, with or without Adjournment, and to fend their Precept or Precepts under their Hands and Seals, or the Hands and Seals of any Two of them, for any Person or Persons whatsoever, and for such Books, Papers, Writings or Records, as they shall judge necessary for their Information, in the Execution of the Powers vested in the said Commissioners by their said Commissions, or by this Act.

VI. And be it further enacted, That in case of any Vacancy or Vacancies, by Death or Resignation, or otherwise, of any One or more of the said Commissioners of Liquidation, Arbitration and Award, or of the said Commissioners of Deposit, it shall be lawful for His Majesty to nominate and appoint such Person or Persons as His Majesty may think proper, to supply such Vacancy or Vacancies; and that every Person so nominated and appointed to be a Commissioner of Liquidation, Arbitration and Award, -shall take the Oath hereinbefore directed; and every Person so appointed under this Act to be any Commissioner upon any such Vacancy, shall he held and considered to be, and shall be invested with all such Powers as Commissioners of the like Nature have and possess under the Authority of the said hereinbefore recited Commissions and this AdE

VII. And be it further enacted, That when and so soon as the said Commissioners of Liquidation, Arbitration and Award, or any Two of them, shall at any time after the passing of this Act adjudge or approve of the Claim of any Person or Persons under the said Conventions, or either of them, to be good and valid, in the Whole or in Part, and shall have ascertained the Sum of Money to which any such Person or Persons is or are then respectively entitled, the said Commissioners, or any Two of them, shall make out or cause to be made out, in such Form as they shall think fit, an Order or Orders for the Payment or Liquidation of such Claim,

cither

c.

691

A.D. 1819. 59° GEORGII III. C. 31.

either in Whole or in Part, either by authorizing the said Commissioners of Deposit to transfer to such Claimant or Claimants such Part of the Sum or Sums remaining inscribed in the Great Book of the Public Debt of France, in the Names of the said Commissioners of Deposit, as shall be specified in such Order or Orders, or by authorizing the Claimant or Claimants to receive any Sum or Sums of Money, as the case may require; and the said Commissioners of Liquidation, Arbitration and Award, shall annex their Hands and Seals, or the Hands and Seals of any Two of them, to such Order or Orders, and shall cause the same to be delivered to the Person or Persons respectively entitled thereto, or to the Agent or Agents of such Person or Persons; and such Person or Persons, or their respective Agent or Agents, shall give to the said Commissioners such Receipts or Acquittances for the fame, as the said Commissioners, or any Two of them, shall from time to time direct or require.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That any Order or Orders of the said Commissioners of Liquidation, Arbitration and Award, or any Two of them, shall at any time be sufficient Authority for the Transfer or Payment of any Sum or Sums mentioned in such Order or Orders, to the Parties declared to be entitled to the fame by such Order or Orders; subject nevertheless to such Appeal to His Majesty in Council as is herein after mentioned and provided for.

IX. And be it further enacted, That every Order made by the said Commissioners of Liquidation, Arbitration and Award, or any Two of them, under this Act, shall be transferable by the Indorsement thereon and Signature of the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be made and given by the said Commissioners, or of any Person or Persons holding the fame under any such Indorsement thereof as aforesaid, attested by Two credible Witnesses to such Indorsement respectively; and no such Order or Indorsement thereon shall be subject to any Stamp Duty.

X. And Whereas Questions may arise on the Construction of the said several Conventions, or otherwise, for which it may be expedient to provide that there shall, in special Cases, be a Liberty of Appeal allowed from any Award, Judgment, Determination or Order of the said Commissioners of Liquidation, Arbitration and Award, to His Majesty in Council, subject to the Conditions and restrictions herein after mentioned Be it therefore enacted, That if any Claimant or Claimants shall be diflatisiied with any Award, Judgment, Determination or Order of the said Commissioners on his, her or their Claims, on any Point or Points which, according to the Regulations in this Act contained, shall be deemed a fit Subject of such Appeal, it shall be lawful for such Claimant or Claimants, or for his, her or their Agent or Agents duly appointed respectively, within Three Calendar Months from the Day on which such Award, Judgment, Determination or Order shall be made and notified to him, her or them, to appeal therefrom to His Majesty in Council, upon giving Security by Bond to His Majesty in One hundred Pounds, to prosecute the said Appeal, and to aufwer such Coils as shall be awarded against such Appellant or Appellants therein; and that it shall be lawful for His Majesty in Council to hear and finally determine such Appeal, and to refeind, alter or confirm such Award, Judgment, Determination or Order of the said Commissioners, in the Whole or in Part, and to certify the Judgment or final Decision on such Appeal to the said Commissioners, and further to award such Coils as His Majesty in Council Zhall deem fit and proper to be paid by such Appellant or Appellants respectively, which Costs shall be applied towards defraying the Expences incurred in defending such Appeal or Appeals, as herein after dire died.

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or any Three or more of them, to authorise and empower any Person or Persons to defend such Appeal on the part of the said Commissioners of Liquidation, Arbitration and Award; and that the Expences of defending the fame shall be borne and paid in the same manner, and out of the fame Fund, as the Law Expences of the Crown are paid; and that the said Commissioners of Liquidation, Arbitration and Award, Zhall not be put to or be held liable to any Costs or Expences relative to any such Appeal.

XII. And be it furth er enacted, That no new or additional Evidence shall be produced or received on any such Appeal, but the said Appeal shall be heard and finally determined upon the Evidence produced, taken or proceeded upon in the case before the Commissioners of Liquidation, Arbitration or Award, and none other.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty in Council to make such Orders as His Majesty Zhall think fit, respecting the Nature and Description of such special Cases in which it shall be deemed proper that such Liberty of Appeal as aforesaid shall be allowed, and further from time to time to make such Rules and Regulations respecting the Form and Manner of proceeding on such Appeals, as shall be deemed necessary or expedient.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the Powers by this Act given to the said Commissioners of Liquidation, Arbitration and Award, or to the said Commissioners of Deposit, or any other Perfoft or Persons, for carrying into effect any Award, Judgment, Determination or Order of the said Commissioners of Liquidation, Arbitration and Award, Zhall from the time, when Notice of Appeal on any such Award, Judgment, Determination or Order shall be duly given to them, be suspended on such Claim or Claims in which any such Appeal or Appeals shall be interposed, until the Judgment or Decision of His Majesty in Council shall be had thereon and certified to the said Commissioners, and that such Judgment or Decision of His Majesty in Council shall be finally binding and conclusive on the said Commissioners respectively, and on all Persons; and that the said Commissioners respectively, and all other Persons, Zhall, so soon as the said Judgment or Decision of His Majesty in Council shall be certified to them, on any such Award, Judgment, Determination or Order fb appealed from, proceed therein, and do and execute all such Acts, Matters and Things as shall be necessary to be done and executed for carrying the said Judgment or Decision of His Majesty in Council into effect, and in the same manner as the said Commissioners respectively or other Persons are empowered to act for carrying

into

Orders to be under Hands and Seals of Two Commissioner* at least.

Orders of Commissioners to be a sufficient Authority.

Orders of Commissioners of Liquidation made transfer-rable by Indorsement and Signature.

Appeal from Award of Commissioners to His Majesty in Council.

Appellant to give Security.

Judgment upon Appeal fin&L

Costs.

Costs of do-fending such Appeal to be provided for by Treasury. Commissioners not liable to Costs, &c.

No new Evidence admitted.

Orders may be made for regulating Appeals.

Power of Commissioners suspended on such Claims during Appeal.

Commissioners to execute Judgment on Appeal.

In case of Dispute between Parties, Commissioners of Deposit to sell French Inscription, and transfer the Proceeds to Commissioners of Liquidation, who may order the same to be invested in the Name of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery in the Bank of England.

The Court may make Order therein upon Motion, or Petition and Motion.

Application of Remains of Capital in the Great Book of Public Debt of France in the Hands of Commissioners of Deposit.

Commissioners, not to be deemed Public Accountants; but their Accounts to be subject to Examination of Treasury. Commissioners to publish Lists of Claims investigated.

C. 31. 59° GEORGII III. A.D. 1819.

into effect any Award, Judgment, Determination or Order made by the said Commissioners of Liquidation, Arbitration and Award, under the Provisions of this Act.

XV. And be it further enacted, That in case. any Dispute shall arise between any Parties interested in any such Claims, and the Commissioners of Liquidation, Arbitration and Award shall not be able to decide as to the Person or Persons legally entitled to receive the Amount, or any Part of the Amouqt, of any Claims adjudged or approved by them, or the Competency of any such Person or Persons to give a valid and effectual Receipt and Discharge for the fame, then and in every such Case as aforesaid, it shall be lawful to and for the said Commissioners of Deposit, under the Authority of His Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs, and of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or any Three of them, to fell and diipole of any such Part of any Capital inscribed in the said Great Book of the Public Debt of France, in pursuance and for the purposes of the several Conventions hereinbefore recited, not appropriated to any other Claimants, as will be equal to the Amount of any such disputed Claims, and to transfer the Proceeds of such Sale to England, to the said Commissioners of Liquidation, Arbitration and Award, for the purpose of being applied to the Satisfaction of any such disputed Claims; and it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners of Liquidation, Arbitration and Award, under the Authority aforesaid, to order any Part of any of the Proceeds of any Part of the said Capital which may have been previously invested in Exchequer Bills or other Public Securities, under the Provisions in this Act contained, as may be equal to the Amount of any such disputed Claims, to be sold; and in either Case it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Liquidation, Arbitration and Award, to direct that the Sum or Sums of Money arising from any such Sale shall be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Parties claiming to be entitled thereto, subject to the Order, Controul and Disposition of the said Court of Chancery, which said Court of Chancery, 011 the Application by Motion or Petition of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, shall be and is hereby empowered, in a summary Way of Proceeding or otherwise, as to the lame Court shall meet, to order the same to be laid out and inverted in the Public Funds, or other Public Securities bearing Interest, and to direct the Distribution thereof, and Payment of the Dividends or Interest thereof, according to the respective Interests of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum and Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Use the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the said Bank as aforesaid.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That during the time that any Capital inscribed in the Great Book of the Public Debt of France, in pursuance and for the purposes of the several Conventions hereinbefore recited, or any Part of such Capital, shall remain in the Names of the said Commissioners of Deposit, and shall not have been appropriated to the Liquidation of any Claims of His Majesty's Subjects, under the said Conventions, or any of them, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Deposit, on receiving Directions to such effect from His Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs, and from the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or any Three of them, to sell and dispose of the Whole or any Part of such Capital so inscribed in the said Great Book of the Public Debt of France, and so unappropriated, and to transfer the Proceeds of such Sale to England, to the Commissioners of Liquidation, Arbitration and Award, under this Act, to be by them inverted in Exchequer Bills or other Public Securities bearing Interest, for the purposes of being applied to the Payment or Liquidation of any such Claims, or in case all such Claims shall be paid or liquidated, for such other Purposes as the said Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, or any Three of them, shall direct the said Commissioners of Liquidation, Arbitration and Award, to apply the fame; and all such Exchequer Bills, or other Public Securities bearing Interest, shall be deposited in the Hands of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to the Account of and in the Names of the Commissioners of Liquidation, Arbitration and Award, under this Act, and shall be and remain in the Names of such Commissioners for the time being, to be sold, and the Produce thereof paid and applied for the Purposes above specified.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners of Liquidation, Arbitration and Award, or the said Commissioners of Deposit, shall not, nor shall ?ny of such Commissioners be deemed Public Accountants, in respect of any such Sums as aforesaid; but all the Accounts of the said Commissioners, either as to the Deposit or Receipt or Distribution of the said Sums, and all Matters and Things relating to the Execution of the said Commission, shall be subject to the Examination and Audit of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or any Three or more of them, for the time being.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall cause to be published in The London Gazette, within Fourteen Days after the Fifth Day of July and Fifth Day of January in each Year, until the Purposes of this Act are completed, a List of all the Claims which shall have been investigated and decided, either by the Admission thereof in the Whole or in Part, or by the Rejection thereof.

U.

A.D. 1819. 59° GEORGII III.

£-32, 33.

CAP. XXXII.

WHEREAS an Act was made in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for granting to His Majesty until the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, additional Duties of Excise in Great Britain, on Sweets, Tobacco, Snuff and Excise Licences: And Whereas it is expedient that the fame should be further continued, so far as relates to Tobacco and Snuff, and to the several annual additional Sums for and upon Licences to be taken out by every Auctioneer, Common Brewer, Maker of Wax or Spermaceti Candles, Dealer in or Seller thereof not being a Maker, Chandler or Maker of Candles other than Wax or Spermaceti Candles, Trader in or Vender or Seller of Coffee, Tea, Cocoa Nuts or Chocolate, Glass Maker, Tanner. Tawer, Dresser of Hides and Skins in Oil, Currier, Maker of Vellum or Parchment, Maltster, Maker of Metheglin or Mead, Maker of Paper or Pasteboard, Paper Stainer, Trader in and Vender or Seller of Gold or Silver Plate, and Pawnbroker, and Refiner of Gold or Silver, Calico Printer, and Printer, Painter or Stainer of Silks, Linens, Cottons or Stuffs, Maker of Soap, Distiller or Maker of Low Wines or Spirits, Rectifier of Spirits, Dealer in Brandy or other Spirituous Liquors, not being a Retailer in Great Britain, or a Wholesale Seller of or Dealer in plain Aqua Vitae only in Scotland, Wholesale Seller of or Dealer in Aqua Vitae only in Scotland, not being a licensed Distiller, Rectifier, Compounder or Retailer of Spirits, and not being a licensed Dealer in Brandy or other Spirituous Liquors, Starch Maker, Maker of Sweets or Made Wines other than Mead, Retailer of British Made Wines or Sweets, Manufacturer of Tobacco or Snuff, Dealer in or Seller of Tobacco and Snuff, Maker of Vinegar, Retailer of Foreign Wine, and Wire Drawer respecti vely, as enumerated and described in the Schedule of the said Act: Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act, so far as aforesaid, shall from and after the said Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, be and the fame is hereby further continued until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty two.

II. And Whereas by the said Act made in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the 4 3um of Two Pounds Six Shillings is granted and imposed for and upon every Licence to be taken out,

4. according to the Laws in such Case made and provided, by every Person trading in, vending or selling any 4- Gold or Silver Plate, or any Goods or Wares in which any Quantity of Gold exceeding Two Pennyweights 4. and under Two Ounces in Weight, or any Quantity of Silver exceeding Five Pennyweights and under Thirty Ounces in Weight, in any One separate and distinct Ware or Piece of Goods, is or are or shall be manufactured: And Whereas it is expedient that such Sum of Two Pounds Six Shillings should not extend to or be paid by any Person who shall trade in, vend or sell Silver or Gold Watches, but shall not fell any other Gold or Silver Plate, or any other Goods or Wares in which any Quantity of Gold exceeding Two Pennyweights and under Two Notices-j* in Weight, or any Quantity of Silver exceeding Five Pennyweights and under Thirty Ounces in Weight, in any One separate or distinct Ware or Piece of Goods, is or are or shall be manufactured; Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, no Person trading in, vending or selling Silver or Geld Watches, and who shall not trade in, vend or sell, or offer or exposeto Sale, any other Gold or Silver Plate, or any other Goods or Wares in which any Quantity of Gold exceeding Two Pennyweights and under Two Ounces in Weight, or any Quantity of Silver exceeding Five Pennyweights and under Thirty Ounces in Weight, in any One separate and distinct Ware or Piece of Goods, is or are or shall be manufactured, shall be required or liable to pay for or upon any such Licence as aforesaid, the said Sum of Two Pounds Six Shillings by the said recited Act granted and imposed, any thing in the said recited Act or this Act to the contrary thereof not^ithitanding.

III. And for obviating all Disputes touching the Quantity or Weight of Gold or Silver respectively manufactured or contained in any Ware or Piece of Goods, ' Be it declared and enacted, That all Goods, Wares and Merchandise, which shall be sold or offered for Sale, or taken in pawn, or delivered out a3 and for Gold or Silver respectively, shall be deemed and taken to be Gold or Silver respectively within the Intent and Meaning of the said recited Act of the Fifty fifth Year aforesaid, and of this Act, and also of an Act made in the Forty third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for repealing the Duties of Excise payable in Great Britain, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof, and of all other Acts now or which shall hereafter be in force relating to His Majesty's Revenue of Excise.

IV. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, amended or repealed by any Act or Acts to be passed in this Session of Parliament.

CAP. XXXIII.

An Act to continue, until the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, several Acts of the Fifty fourth and Fifty fifth Years of His present Majesty, respecting the Duties of Customs payable on Merchandise imported into Great Britain, from any Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies.

[19th May 1819.]

WHEREAS an Act, passed in the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to repeal the Duties of Customs payable on Goods, Wares and Merchandise imported into Great Britain from any Port or Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of

59 Geo. III. 4 U t 4 England

55 G.3- c. 30.

Recited Act, so far as respects Tobacco and Snuff and certain Excise Licences, continued.

55 G. 3- c. 30. Sch. (A.)

f Sic. Persons selling Silver or Gold Watches, in which are contained a certain Quantity of those Metals, not liable to the Licence Duty of aL 6s. granted by recited Act. Gold or Silver Goods offered for Sale, &c. to be deemed as such according to 55 G. 3. c. so. and 43 G. 3. c. 69.

Act altered, &c. this Session.

54 G. 3. c. 36.

694

55 G. 3. c. 10.

continued.

Act may be altered, &c. this Session.

48 G. 3. c. 14a.

§ 1S*

On Production cf a Certificate of the Death of [Nominee, with Affidavit of Identity within the Periods herein mentioned, Officer to grant a Certificate, upon which the Bank shall pay the Arrears and the Fourth Part of the expired Annuity, if claimed within Two Years after Death of Nominee.

Instead of thfe Certificates required by 57 G. 3. c. a6w marked (A.) and (B.) the Porms (A.) and (B.) annexed to this Act to be used.

The Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt may re-

G33, 34* 59° GEORGII III. A.D. 1819.

England trading to the East Indies, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof; and to eJlabUfb further Regulations for the better Security of the Revenue on Goods so imported; and to alter the Periods of making up and presenting certain Accounts of the said Company to Parliament; to continue in force until the Tenth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and nineteen: And Whereas another Act was passed in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to make further Provision respecting the Duties payable upon East India Goods, and to allow Bond to be given for Payment of the Duties upon such Goods when imported by Private Traders; which said Acts are near expiring and fit to be continued Be it therefore eaaded by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Acts shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be continued in force, from and after the passing of this Act, to the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty one.

II. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, varied or repealed by any Act or Acts to be paired in this Session of Parliament.

CAP. XXXIV.

An Act to amend and render more effectual several Acts for enabling the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt to grant Life Annuities, and to empower the said Commissioners to grant Annuities for Lives or Years, for promoting the beneficial Purposes of the Fund commonly called The Waterloo Subscription.

[19th May 1819.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for enabling the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt to grant Life Annuities ;and which has been amended and rendered more effectual by several Acts passed for that Purpose in the Forty*ninth, Fifty second, Fifty sixth, and Fifty seventh Years of the Reign of His present Majesty (*): And Whereas*it is expedient that the said Acts should be amended, and further Provisions made for rendering the same more effectual: And Whereas by the said recited Act, passed in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, it is among other things enacted, that upon the Death of any Angle Nominee, or the Sur- vivor of any Two joint Nominees, a Sum equal to One fourth Part of the Annuity depending upon his or*her Life (over and above all Arrears thereof respectively) shall be payable to the Person or Persons entitled*to the said Annuity, or to his or her Executors, Administrators or Assigns, (as the case may be) on the 1 Half yearly Day of Payment next succeeding the Death of such Nominee; and Doubts have arisen as to the time of paying the Arrears of such expired Annuities, and also the Fourth Part thereof* Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That upon the Production, by the Person entitled to claim the Arrears of such expired Annuity, to the proper Officer appointed by the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt under the said recited Act of the Forty eighth Year aforesaid, of a Certificate of the Death or Burial of such Nominee, together with an Affidavit in proof of the Identity of such Nominee, according to the Directions of the said recited A6Ts, or any of them, within Twenty one Days immediately preceding the Fifth Day of January, Fifth Day of April, Fifth Day of July, or Tenth Day of October respectively in any Year, it shall and may be lawful for such Officer, and he is hereby authorised and required, at the Period of making the Half yearly Payment of the said Life Annuities next succeeding the Production of such Certificate and Affidavit (whether such expired Annuity shall or shall not have been payable at such Half yearly Period), to grant to the Person producing such Certificate of Death or Burial, and such Affidavit of Identity as aforesaid, a Certificate in the Form specified in the Schedule to the said recited Act of the Forty eighth Year annexed, marked (G, ); and upon the fame being lodged with the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, the said Governor and Company shall and they are hereby authorised and required to pay the Arrears which shall be due upon all or any Annuity or Annuities which shall have depended upon the Life of such Angle or surviving Nominee, and also the Fourth Part of every such expired Annuity, in case such Fourth Part shall be claimed within Two Years after the Death of the Nominee, according to the Provisions of the said Act of the Forty eighth Year hereinbefore recited, to the Person or Persons entitled thereto, whether such expired Annuity shall or shall not have been payable at such Half yearly Period, any thing in any Act or Acts now in force to the contrary thereof in' any wise notwithstanding. (a) [49 G. 3. c. 64. 52 G. 3. c. 129. 56 G. 3. £.53. 5 7 G. 3. c. 26.

II. And Whereas the Forms of Certificates in the Schedule to the said recited Act of the Fifty seventh*Year annexed, marked (A.) and (B.), have not been found effectual* Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, the said Forms of Certificate' shall be and the same are hereby repealed; and that in all Cases where, by the said recited Act, the said Forms are required to be used and applied, the several Forms marked (A.) and (B.) in the Schedule to this Act annexed shall be used and applied instead thereof: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to prevent the Use of the said Forms marked (A.) and (B.) in the Schedule to the said recited Act of the Fifty seventh Year annexed, for the several purposes to which they are now applicable, notwithstanding the Repeal of the fame, until the Adoption inr lieu thereof of the Fdrrtis marked (A.) and (B.) contained in the Schedule to this Act annexed.

III. And ^fahettas certain Sums in Annuities (commonly called Long Annuities) are now Handing in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England^ in the Names of certain Person* tkfting ^s Trustees of a Subscription denominated The Waterloo Subscription, under the Appointment of the Chainaan. 4 and Managers of the said Subscription y and for the more enedually carrying into effect the beneficial Fur-

poses

A.D. 1819. 59° GEORGII III. C. 34.

pofestof the said Sabscription, k may be expedient to allow Part of the said Long Annuities to be trans»

fcrretLta the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, as the Consideration for Annuities to be granted by the said Commissioners on the Lives of Persons intended to be benefited by the said Subscription, and to be nominated for that Purpose, and also to allow Part of the said Long Annuities to be transferredrto the said Commissioners as the Consideration for other Annuities to be granted for a limited Term or Num-

ber of Years, far the Advantage of Persons intended to be benefited by such Subscription Be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, at any tame after theipdfiing of this Act, from time to time to accept and receive from the Persons acting as Trustees of the said Waterloo Sub feription for the time being, the Transfer of any Long Annuities (landing in the Names of such Trustees as the Consideration for the Purchase of Life Annuities upon the Continuance of single Lives of Persons of the Age of Twenty one Years or upwards, to be charged upon and payable out of the Funds created for the Redemption* of the National Debt, commonly called the Sinking Fund, to be paid to the said Trustees during the single Lives of any Persons whom such Chairman and any Two Managers for the time befog shall nominate and appoint for that Purpose, in manner herein after mentioned; such Annuities to be calculated according to the Rates specified and contained in the said recited A&6 of the .Forty eighth and Fifty focond Years of 'H* present Majesty's Reign; and also that it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, from time to tame, to accept and receive from such Trustees for the time being, the Transfer of any Long Annuities-(landing in the Names of such Trustees, as the Consideration for the Purchase of Annuities for any iimked Term or Number of Years, to be charged upon and payable out of the said Sinking Fund, and to be paid to the said Trustees according to such Rates and upon such Terms and Conditions as shall be from time to time agreed upon between the said Commissioners and the said Chairman and any Two Managers; and it shall and may be lawful for such Trustees for the time being, and they are hereby respectively authorised and empowered, from time to time, to transfer the said Long Annuities into the Names of the said Commissioners in the Books of the said: Governor and Company, for such Purposee accordingly, under the Regulations in this Act contained*

IV. And be it further enacted, That previous to the granting any Life Annuities under this Act, the Chairman and Managers for the time being of the said Waterloo Subscription shall produce, or shall cause to be produced, to the proper Officer of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the, National Debt, a List of the several Persons proposed to be nominated as the Persons during the Continuance of whose respective single Lives such Life Annuities shall respectively depend, which Lift shall contain the Christian and Surname of each and every such Person, together with his or her Residence or ufoal Place of Abode and Occupation, and also his or her Age, and the Amount of the Annuity or Annuities proposed to be purchased on the Continuance of hi* or her Life respectively, classed according to such Farm as the said Commissioners shall direct or approve; and the said Lift shall be attested by and under the Hands of the Chairman and Two Managers of the said Waterloo Subscription for the time being, and also by their Secretary; and who shall also (late and declare thereon the Amount of the Long Annuities proposed to be so transferred as the Consideration for the said Life Annuities; and such Lift, so attested as aforesaid, with the Statement and Declaration thereon as aforesaid, shall be produced to the Officer of the said Commissioners, and shall be kept and preserved, and shall remain in the Office of the said Commissioners as a perpetual Record; and upon such Production of such Lift, Statement and Declaration to the said Officer, it shall and may be lawful for the said Officer, and he is hereby authorised and empowered to grant (wkhout further Evidence) a Certificate to the said Chairman and Managers, or to any Person or Persons. applying on their behalf (a Duplicate of which Certificate shall be transmitted by the said Officer to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, ) to authorise the Transfer to the said Commissioners: of such Sum or Sums of the said Long Annuities as shall be so stated and declared to be the Consideration for theiPurchafe of the Life Annuitiesitherein stated; and the Amount of the said Life Annuities shall he computed by the said Officer according to the Tables of the Rates of Annuities granted upon the Continuance of single Lives, annexed to the said recited Acts of the Forty eighth and Fifty second Years aforesaid.

V. And be it rfurther enacted, That previous to the granting of any Annuity or Annuities for a limited Term or Number of Years, in pursuance of this Act* the Trustees of the said Waterloo Subscription for the time being shall produce, or cause to be produced, to the said Officer of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, a Declaration attested by and under. the Hands of the Chairman and Two Managers for the time being of the said Subscription, and their> Secretary, Hating the Amount of the Long Annuities proposed-to be transferred into the Nines of the said Commissioners, as the Consideration for the Purchase of any inch Annuity or Annuities for a limited Term < or Number of Years, and the Amount of the Annuity or Annuities for such Iimked Term or Number of Years, which the said Commissioners for the Re-duction of the National Debt shall have agreed to grant in consideration of the Long Annuities so proposed to be transferred; and the fold Officer shall thereupon grant a .Certificate to the said Chairman and Managers, or to the Person or Persons applying on their behalf, to authorise the Transfer to the said Commissioners of such Sum or Sums of the said Long Annuities as shall be specified in such Certificate, and a Duplicate of such Certificate fbaHbe transmitted by the find Officer to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England.

VI. And be it further enacted, That upon the Production and Delivery at the Bank of England of the several Certificates to be granted by the Officer of the said Commissioners for the Reduction of the National J>ebt, in manner dinetled by this Act, and upon the Transfer to the said Commissioners of the said Long Annuities to be tranafensed as the Consideration.for the Purchase of the said Life Annuities, or for the Purchase of the said Annuities for Years (as the case may be), the Person producing such Certificate shall be entitled

to have a Certificate or Receipt from One of the Cashiers of the said Governor and Company, acknowledging

4 U 2 such

695

ceive from the Trustees of the Waterloo Subscription, Transfers of Long Annuities as the Consideration for the Purchase of Life Annuities and Annuities, for Years.

How such Annuities to be calculated.

Transfer to be according to this Act.

Chairman, &c. of the Waterloo Subscription to produce Lists of Nominees; and state the Amount of Long Annutaes as the Consideration for such Life Annuities.

Certificate to authorise

Transfer.

How Life Annuities to be computed.

Previous to purchasing of Annuities for Years, Trustees shall produce a Declaration of the Amount of Long Annuities to be transferred.

Certificate to authorise

Transfer-

On Production and Delivery at the Bank of the Certificates granted, and on Transfer of the Long Annuities, Cashier

696

to grant a

Receipt in the usual Form.

Annuities payable to Trustees Half yearly.

When the First Payment to be made.

Payment of Arrears.

Long Annuities transferred under this Act applied to the Sinking Fund.

Annuities charged on the Sinking Fund and carried to separate Accounts.

Money set apart at the Bank to pay Annuities.

Half yearly Lists of deceased Nominees to be made out by Trustees.

List to be attested by Secretary to Chairman and Managers.

On Production of Certificate remaining Annuities to be paid.

C. 34. 59° GEORGII III. A.D. 1819.

such Transfer, which Certificate or Receipt One of such Cashiers is hereby required to give, according to the Form directed to be used upon the Transfer of Bank Annuities or any other Annuities to the said Commissioners for the Purchase of Life Annuities, under the Provisions of the said hereinbefore recited Acts or any of them.

VII. And be it further enacted, That upon the Completion of the Transfer of any such Long Annuities, as the Consideration for the Purchase of Life Annuities or of Annuities for Years, in pursuance of this Act, the Trustees of the said Waterloo Subscription shall be entitled to receive, during the Life of the Person or Persons so nominated as aforesaid, or during the Term of Years for which such Annuities shall be granted (as the case maybe), the Annual Amount of mch Life Annuities or Annuities for Years as shall be specified in the Certificates to be granted as aforesaid, by the Officer of the said Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt; and all such Annuities, whether for Life or Years, shall be payable Half yearly to the said Trustees or to any of them, at the Bank of England\ on the Fifth Day of January and the Fifth Day of July in every Year, or on the Fifth Day of April and the Tenth Day of 0Sober in every Year, as the case may require; and the First Half yearly Payment of all such Annuities shall commence and be ascertained as follows; that is to say, in all Cases where such Transfer shall be completed between the Fifth Day of January and the Fourth Day of April, both inclusive, the First Half yearly Payment of such Annuities respectively shall be due and payable on the Fifth Day of July next following such Transfer; and in all Cases where such Transfer shall be completed between the Fifth Day of April and the Fourth Day of July, both inclusive, the First Half yearly Payment of the said Annuities respectively shall be due and payable on the Tenth Day of 0Sober next following such Transfer; and in'all Cases where such Transfer shall be completed between the Fifth Day of July and the Ninth Day of October, both inclusive, the First Half yearly Payment of the said Annuities respectively shall be due and payable on the Fifth Day of January next following such Transfer; and in all Cases where such Transfer shall be completed between the Tenth Day of October and the Fourth Day of January, both inclusive, the First Half yearly Payment of such Annuities respectively shall be due and payable on the Fifth Day of April next following such Transfer; and after the Death of any Nominee, upon the Continuance of whose Life any Annuity shall have been granted in pursuance of this Act, all Arrears of the said Annuity shall be paid to the said Trustees up to and upon the Half yearly Day of Payment of such Annuity next following the Day of the Decease of such Nominee.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all such Long Annuities as shall be transferred into the Names of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt for the purposes of this Act, shall from time to time, as the same shall arise and become due, be received by the Governor or Deputy Governor of the Bank of England, and shall be placed to the Account of the said Commissioners in the Books of the said Governor and Company; and all Sums so received shall form and constitute Part of the Fund for the Redemption of the National Debt, commonly called the Sinking Fund, and shall be applied from time to time by the said Commissioners in the same Manner and to such Purposes as the several Sums composing the said Fund are made applicable by any Act or Acts in force at the time of the passing of this Act.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all Annuities, whether for Lives or Years, which shall be granted in pursuance of this Act, shall be charged and chargeable on the Sinking Fund, and they are hereby respectively made chargeable thereon, and shall be carried to distinct and separate Accounts in the Books of the Bank of England, and in the Books of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, under the Titles of u The Account of the Waterloo Subscription Life Annuities, " and " The Account of the Waterloo Subscription Annuities for Years and it shall be lawful for the Governor and Company of the said Bank of England, and they are hereby authorised and required, to set apart and retain from time to time out of the Monies commonly called the Sinking Fund, Handing upon the Account of the said Commissioners in the Books of the said Governor and Company, a Sum sufficient to satisfy and pay all such Annuities, whether for Life or Years, to be granted in pursuance of this Act, from time to time as the same shall become due and payable, according to the Directions of this Act.

X. And be it further enacted, That previous to every Half yearly Payment of any Life Annuities granted under this Act, there shall be produced to the Officer of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, by or on behalf of the Trustees of the said Waterloo Subscription for the time being, a List made up to the Fifteenth Day of the Month immediately preceding the Day upon which such Half yearly Payment shall fall due, containing the Names of all such Nominees as, according to the best of the Information and Belief of the said Trustees, shall have died within the Half Year ending upon the Day to which such Lift shall be made up, which Lift shall be certified by and under the Hands of the Chairman for the time being, and of any Two Managers for the time, of the said Subscription (such Chairman and Managers not being the Persons in whose Names such Life Annuities shall then be (landing in the Books of the Bank), and such Lift shall be attested by the Secretary to the said Chairman and Managers; and upon the Production of the said Lift so attested and certified to the said Officer, the said Officer shall and he is hereby required, at the usual times of paying the said Annuities, to grant, without further Evidence, to such Trustees for the time being, or to One of them, a Certificate to enable the Trustees to receive the Life Annuities which, shall appear to be remaining due and payable, deduding from time to time, according to the Provisions of this Act, the Amount of such of the said Life Annuities as shall appear to be expired and no longer payable, in consequence of the Decease of any of the Nominees; and upon the Production of such Certificate, and the fame being lodged with the Governor and Company of the said Bank, it shall and may be lawful for the said Governor and Company, and they are hereby authorised and required, to pay in One Sum to such Trustees, or to any One of them, out of the Monies to be retained and set apart for that Purpose as hereinbefore directed, the Amount of all such Life Annuities as shall appear to be then due: Provided always, that the said Officer shall from time to time, pre-

viously

A.D. 1819. 59° GEORGII III. C. 34.

viously to the time of setting apart the said Monies, certify to the said Governor and Company the Half yearly Amount of the said Life Annuities which shall be payable under or by virtue of this Act.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the Receipt of the Trustee or Trustees, who shall receive any such Life Annuities or Annuities for Years, shall at all times be a full, sufficient and final Discharge to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England for the paying of such Annuities; and also to the said Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, for all the Sums so paid; and neither the said Governor and Company nor the said Commissioners shall in any manner whatsoever be responsible or accountable for the Application, Misapplication or Non Application of the Sums so paid; any thing in any Act or Acts, or any other Deed, Matter or Writing whatsoever to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XII. And be it further enacted, That no Life Annuities or Annuities for Years which shall be granted in pursuance of this Act, shall be transferable or assignable, except only in Cases where any new Trustee or Trustees shall be appointed by the Chairman and Committee of Managers for the time being of the said Waterloo Subscription, according to the usual Forms and Rules for appointing any new Trustee or Trustees under which the said Subscription shall be regulated, in the Room of any former Trustee or Trustees; in which Case only it shall and may be lawful for the Gqvernor and Company of the Bank of England, and they are hereby authorised and required, to permit any existing Trustee or Trustees to transfer the Whole of such Life Annuities or Annuities for Years (but not any Part or Share thereof) into the Names of new Trustees, or of the existing Trustee or Trustees and such new Trustee, as the Case may require: Provided always, that upon every such Change of Trustee or Trustees, a Certificate shall be produced at the Bank of England, by the Person or Persons applying to make such Transfer, attested by and under the Hands of the Chairman and Two Managers for the time being of the said Waterloo Subscription, and their Secretary, dating the Appointment of such new Trustee or Trustees: Provided also, that Notice of every such Transfer shall be given to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, within Six Days after any such Transfer shall have been made by or on behalf of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, from time to time, whenever the same shall take place as aforesaid.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That an Account shall be made up to the Fifteenth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and twenty two, and to the Fifteenth Day of December in every Year following, and shall be certified by and under the Hands of the Chairman and Two Managers for the time being of the said Waterloo Subscription, and their Secretary, stating the respective Amounts of all such Life Annuities granted under this Act, as shall have remained unclaimed from the said Trustees, for the Space of Three Years or upwards, and such Accounts shall be produced to the proper Officer of the said Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt; and the said Officer shall, at the time of ascertaining the Amount of the Life Annuities payable under this Act, on the Fifth Day of January then next following, deduct from such Account the Amount of all such Annuities as shall have so remained unclaimed and unpaid: Provided always, that nothing in this Act shall extend, or be construed to extend, to defeat or prejudice the Right of the said Trustees to any such Annuity, or to claim the Arrears and future Payments thereof, upon the Production to the said Officer of the said Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, of a Certificate attested by and under the Hands of the Chairman and Two Managers for the time being of the said Waterloo Subscription (such Chairman and Managers not being Persons in whose Names any Annuities to be granted under the Provisions of this Act shall be (landing, ) and their Secretary, stating that the Person or Persons upon whose Life or Lives any such unclaimed Life Annuity shall have been originally granted, appears, from satisfactory Evidence produced to them, to be then living; and upon the Production of such Certificate to the said Officer, the said Officer shall within Six Days after the Receipt thereof, certify to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England the total Amount of the several Life Annuities which shall be so reclaimed; and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful for the said Governor and Company, out of any Monies whatsoever which shall have been paid to them and carried in their Books to the Account of the said Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, to set apart and retain from time to time so much thereof as may be necessary for paying such reclaimed Life Annuities and all Arrears thereof.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That all Annuities for Lives or Years purchased under the Provisions of this Act, shall, upon the ceasing thereof, revert to and become Part of the said Sinking Fund, and shall from time to time be applicable to the Reduction of the National Debt, and shall from thenceforth be applied in the same manner as by the Laws now in force the said Fund is made applicable.

XV. And be it further enacted, That all Annuities for Lives or Years, purchased under the Provisions of this Act, shall be free from all Taxes, Charges and Impositions whatsoever, except such as Dividends on any of the Public Funds, or Annuities payable at the Bank of England, are or may be subject and liable to; and that no Certificate required in any Case to be produced to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or to the Officer of the said Commissioners for Reduction of the National Debt, nor any Receipt for the Payment of any such Annuities, or any Part thereof, at the Bank of England, in virtue of this Act, shall be liable to any Stamp Duty whatever.

XVI. And in order to facilitate the Purposes of this Act, be it further enacted, That in every Case in which it shall and may be required to use any Certificate or other Document for the purpose of any Transfer of Long Annuities, or for the Purchase or Payment of any Annuities for Lives or Years, granted under the Provisions of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the proper Officer of the said Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, to use such Forms for the said Purposes respectively, as the said Commissioners shall deem most expedient to direct or adopt; any thing in this Act or in any other Acts to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

SCHEDULES

697

Half yearly Amount to be certified. Receipt of Trustees sufficient Discharge to the Bank, &c.

Annuities under this Act shall not be transferred, except on Appointment of new Trustees, as herein mentioned.

Notice of Transfer given to Commissioners.

Account of unclaimed Annuities to be delivered every Three Years, and to be deducted from the total Amount of unclaimed Annuities. Proviso for reclaiming such unclaimed Annuities.

Expired Annuities to fall into the Sinking Fund.

No Taxes on such Annuities but such as Dividends may be liable to.

No Stamps on Certificates, &c.

Forms for purposes of this Act shall be directed or adopted by Commissioners.

SCHEDULES to which this Act refers,

SCHEDULE (A.)

No.__________

FORM of the Certificate to be granted in order to enable the Receipt of an Annuity from time to time at the Bank of England, upon the Non Appearance of the Nominee.

J DO hereby certify to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, in pursuance of the

Provisions of the several Acts for enabling the Commissioners for Reduction of the National Debt to

grant Life Annuities, That A* B. the Nominee, for, in case of Two Nominees, One of the Two Nominees,

or, the Survivor of the Two Nominees,] described in the Certificate numbered as above, and granted for the

Purchase of a Life Annuity on the Life of the said Nominee, [or, on the Lives of the said Nominees, and

1 the Life of the longer Liver of them,] was living on the Day of on which

Day a Half Yearly Payment of the said Annuity became due. Witness my Hand this

Day of

SCHEDULE (B.)

No.__________, ___

FORM of the Certificate to be granted in order to enable the Receipt of an Annuity from time to time at the Bank of Englandr, upon the personal Appearance of the Nominee.

4 J DO hereby certify to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, in pursuance of the Provisions of the several Acts for enabling the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt to grant Life Annuities, That A.B. the Noaunee [or, in case of Two Nominees, One of the Two Nominees, or, the Survivor of the Two Nominees,] described in the Certificate numbered as above, and granted for the Purchase of a Life Annuity on the Life of the said Nominee, [or, on the Lives of the said Nominees, and the Life of the longer Liver of them,] appeared personally before me, this Day of

Witness my Hand, the Day and Date above written.'

CAP. XXXV.

An Act to amend an Act, passed in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty* intituled An Act to facilitate the Administration of Justice in that Part of the United Kingdom called Scotland, by extending Trial by Jury to Civil Causes.

[19th May 1819.]

WHEREAS extending Trial by Jury to Civil Causes, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland\

5$ G. 5.0.40.«Yy in the manner provided by an Act passed in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to facilitate the Administration of Justice in that Part of the United Kingdom called Scotland, by extending Trial by Jury to Civil Causes, has been attended with beneficial Effects to the Administration of Justice: And Whereas it is expedient, that farther Provision should be made, to extend and regulate Trial by Jury in Civil Causes, and that the said Act should be in part altered and amended, and the Court thereby created be made a permanent Part of the Judicial Establishment of Scotland: y May it therer fore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Par-

Certain Actions liament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That in all Processes raised in the Outer House of the J* c D|!rt!thC ^ourt Session, by ordinary Action or otherwise, on account of Injuries to the Person, whether real or

'vc* verbal, as Affirult or Battery, Libel-or Defamation, or on account of any Injury to Moveables, or to Lands,

where the Title is not in question; or on account of Breach of Promise of Marriage, Seduction or Adultery, or any Action founded on Delinquency or quasi Delinquency of any kind, where the Cosclufioa shall be for Damages and Expences only; the Lord Ordinary of the Outer House, before whom such Processes shall be enrolled, do remit, and he is hereby authorised and required, after Defences are-lodged, to remit the w hole Process and Productions forthwith to the Jury Court m Civil Causes; which last mentioned Court is.authorised and required, according to Rules and Regulations which the said Court and the Court of Session are herein after empowered to make, to settle an Issue or Issues, and' to try the fame by a Jury to be summoned and impannelled under the Provisions now in force, or herein after enacted for that Purpose.

II. And be it enacted, That if it shall appear to the Parties, or either of them, that there is a QuelHon of Law or Relevancy which ought to be decided previous to the Remit of the Cause to the Jury Court, it shall be competent for them to ft ate the fame orally to the Lord Ordinary; who, if he thinks fit, may give Judgment de piano, or order Pleadings on the alleged Question of Law or Relevancy; and if he orders Pleadings, then the Case is to be proceeded in according to the Course of the Court of Session; and as soon as such Question of Law or Relevancy shall be disposed of, if Matters of Fast remain to be proved, the whole Process and Productions in the Case shall be forthwith remitted to the Jury Court for the Purposes aforesaid.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be competent for the Lord Ordinary, if it shall appear to him that there is no Question of Law or Relevancy which ought to be decided previous to the Remit of the Cause to

the Jury Court, forthwith to order such Cause to be remitted to the said Court, for the purposes aforesaid:

vmney, and may Provided always, that it shall also be -competent for the Lord Ordinary, if he fees cause, to loferve the reserve Ques- alleged Question of Law for the Consideration of the Court of Session, after the Matters of Fast shall have

tion of Law been found by a Jury; and in all such Cases, the Interlocutor of the Lord Ordinary, ordering the Cause to

for Court of 1 J U*

Session.

Questions of Law reserved for the Court of Session.

Lord Ordinary to decide aa to Question of

Law or Rele-

A.D. 181 g.

59° GEORGII III. C. 35. 699

be remitted to the Jury Court, whe&er with or without a Reservation of the alleged Question of Law, < shall not be subject to Review by Representation, Petition, Appeal to the House of Lord* or otherwise.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the Lords Lords Ordinary

Ordinary, in all Cases other than the Actions for Damages hereinbefore enumerated, when Matters of Fast are1?*

to be proved, to order the whole Process and Prod u ft ions in the Cause to be remitted to the Jury Court,

without reporting to the Inner House; and the said Jury Court is hereby authorised and required to settle an Process to Jury Issue or Issues, and try the fame by a Jury, in manner aforesaid; and if it shall appear to the said Lords Court. Ordinary to be expedient for the due Administration of Justice, they may pronounce an Interlocutor pointing

out the Matters of Fast which they require to be determined by a Jury; and the said Jury Court is hereby jary Court authorised and required to settle an Issue or Issues, in Terms of such Interlocutor, and such other Issue or may settle Issues as may arise out of the Examination of the Case by the said Court, and to try the fame by a Jury, in Issues, manner aforesaid.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for the Lords Ordinary, Lord Ordiowy in all Cases other than the Actions for Damages hereinbefore enumerated, when Matters of Fast are to be mayaettle proved, to prepare and settle an Issue or Issues without reporting to the Inner House 5 and to remit the fame I^ues».when settled to the Jury Court, to be there tried by a Jury; but nothing herein contained shall take away from and report to the Lords Ordinary, in such Cases, the Power of reporting an Issue or Issues to the Inner House, in the Inner House* Manner and Form now in force.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful and competent for the Court of Ses-Court of Sofiion in either of its Divisions, in all Cases depending in the Inner House, in which Matters of Fast hi either are to be proved, if it shall appear to them expedient for the due Administration of Justice, to order and direct, of lts lesions by special Interlocutor, the whole Process and Productions to be remitted to the Jury Court, for the said ^Process Court to settle an Issue or Issues, and to try the fame by a Jury, as aforesaid; and if it shall appear to the to Jury Court* said Divisions to be expedient for the due Administration of Justice, they may pronounce an Interlocutor,

pointing out the Matters of Fast which they require to be determined by a Jury, and the said Jury Court is hereby authorised and required to settle Issues, in Terms of such Interlocutor; and the said Court may like-wife settle such other Issues as may arise out of the Examination of the Case by the said Court, and try all such Issues by a Jury in manner aforesaid.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be competent and lawful for either and may pre-Division of the Court of Session, in all Processes other than the Actions of Damages hereinbefore enumerated, Par* "ft settle when it shall appear to them expedient for the due Administration of Justice, to prepare and settle an Issue or ssu8'

Issues, and to fend the same to the Jury Court, to be there tried by a Jury, in manner aforesaid.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Divisions, or the Lords Ordinary, in all Processes which come before them for Judgment after Verdict, may direct such farther Issue or Issues as they may fee stecessary, to enable them to pronounce Judgment in the Cause.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be competent to the Judges of the Jury Court to Jury Court to order and direct any Fasts not falling under the Issues, but which shall appear in evidence, and direct Facts as which they shall deem material to the Merits of the Case, or important to the Decision of the Law, to be found herein mention-by the Jury, and to be indorsed on the Issue or Issues, or on a Paper or Parchment to be attached to the Issue or Issues, and certified under the Hands of the Judge who tries the Cause, and returned with the Verdict certified, and Issues to the Division of the Court of Session, or the Lord Ordinary, by whom the Case was font to the Jury Court.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful and competent Court of Ad-

for the Judge of the High Court of Admiralty, in all Processes relating lo the running down of or other Injury to miralty to re-Ships, and relating to Policies of Insurance and Charter Parties, and in all Maritime and Mercantile Cases commit who*e Pro-petent to his Jurisdiction as a Civil Judge, wherein Matters of Fast are to be proved, to order, by Special ury

Interlocutor, the whole Process and Productions, without reporting to the Court of Session, to be remitted

to the Jury Court; which Court is hereby authorised and required finally to settle the Issue or Issues in the

Cases so remitted, and to try the fame by a Jury in manner aforesaid: Provided always, that nothing herein Proviso for

contained shall prevent the Judge Admiral, in all Cases which come before him for Judgment after Verdict, Judge Admiral

from directing such farther Issue or Issues as he may fee necessary, to enable him to pronounce Judgment directing far-

thereon: And it shall likewise be competent to the Judges of the Jury Court to order and direct any Fasts ier issue8>

not falling under the Issues, but which shall appear in evidence, and which they shall deem material to the "ft for Judges

Merits of the Case, or important to the Decision of the Law, to be found by the Jury, and to be indorsed on °ndoUI?

the Issues, or on a Paper or Parchment to be attached to the Issue or Issues, and certified under the Hand on fa*

of the Judge who tries the Cause, and returned with the Verdict and Issues.to the Judge of the Admiralty

Court.

XL. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be competent to either of the If Court of Parties in any such Action in the Court of Admiralty, if the Judge Admiral shall refuse to order a Remit to Admiralty re-be made to the Jury Court, as hereinbefore autkorifea and empowered, for the purposes aforesaid, to apply for to a Review of the Deliverance to that effect to the Court of SeUion, in either of its Divisions, by Petition, to ° be intimated Three Days before the fame is boxed; which Court, if it shall fee cause, is hereby authorised to applied to pronounce an Interlocutor instructing the Judge Admiral to make such Remit.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be competent and lawful for the juty Cdtnt< Jury Court, when it appears to the said Court in the course of settling an Issue or Issues, or at any time may remit bvk before Trial, in the Cales remitted to them as aforesaid, that there is a Question or Question* of Law or Questionsjif Relevancy which ought to be preriously decided, to remit back the whole Process and Productions to the

Division

Exception. Lords Ordinary may settle further Issues.

59° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1819.

700 C. 35.

Division of the Court of Session, the Lord Ordinary or Judge Admiral, who remitted the same to the Jury Proviso for Court, that the Question or Questions of Law or Relevancy may be considered and determined there: Provided Division, Sec. always, that it shall be lawful to the said Division, Lord Ordinary or Judge Admiral, when Matters of Fact ftocesTtoJ111* afterfuch Consideration or Determination remain to be proved, again to remit the whole Process and all* the Productions to the Jury Court, in order that an Issue or Issues may be prepared and tried as aforesaid: Provided further, that it shall be competent to the said Division and Lords Ordinary to prepare and settle an IlTue or Issues in manner aforesaid, for the purpose aforesaid; and it shall be competent for the Jury Court, when it appears to the said Court in the course of settling an Issue or Issues, that a Case turns upon Matter of complicated Accounts, or other Matter to which Trial by Jury is not beneficially applicable, to remit back, the whole Process and Productions as aforesaid, with their Report thereon, in order that the Division, Lord Ordinary or Judge Admiral, may proceed with the fame in such manner as shall appear to be most expedient for the Administration of Justice.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to prevent the Court of Session, in either of its Divisions, or the Lords Ordinary, save and except in the Cases concluding for Damages hereinbefore enumerated), or the Judge

Court: Preparing Issues, and for Jury Court remitting back Process, &c.

Proviso that Court of Session, &c. may

grant Commis- Admiral, unless otherwise instructed as aforesaid by the Court of Session, to take Proof on Commission, by Remit, or in presentia, and thereafter disposing of the Cause in the manner now practised in such Cases.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cases brought from an Inferior Court to the Court of Session, wherein Proof by Witnesses has been taken by Order of the Inferior Court, the Court of Session, in either of its Divisions, or the Lords Ordinary, if they deem further Proof to be expedient to be taken, shall direct the same to be taken, and the Investigation or the Fadls to be completed according to the Forms of the said Court, ' unless the Parties consent to cancel the Depositions of such Witnesses as are alive and within Scotland: in which case it shall be competent for the Court of Session, or Lords Ordinary respectively, to direct the Case to be sent to the Jury Court, in manner provided by this and the aforesaid A A'of the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall restrain the Court of Session, in either of its Divisions, or the Lords Ordinary, from directing Issues in the Cases brought before them from an Inferior Court, as aforesaid, on any Point or Points not connected with the Proof already taken before such Court.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall not be competent by Repre-tnHb T" to knta^on> reclaiming Petition, Bill of Advocation, Appeal to the House of Lords, or otherwise, to bring

y ur7* under Review any Interlocutor by the said Divisions, Lords Ordinary or Judge of the Admiralty, ordering a Trial by Jury.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cases in which General Verdictbs are found by a Jury, all Motions for setting aside the Verdict, and granting a new Trial, shall henceforth be made in the Jury Court, and not in the Court of Session; and the Order lor granting or refusing a new Trial by the Jury Court shall be final, and not subject to Review, by Petition, Representation, Appeal to the House of Lords, or otherwise; and there shall be at lead Two Judges in Court when a Motion is made for a new Trial, or an Order is pronounced granting or refusing the same.

XVII. And it is hereby enacted, That if the Motion for setting aside the Verdict be founded on the Mif-

direction of the Judge at the Trial in Matter of Law, or on the undue Admission or Rejection of Evidence, it shall be competent to tli£ Party against whom Judgment is given by the Jury Court, to tender a Bill of Exceptions to such Judgment in the same manner as at a Trial; and the Proceedings on such Bills of Exceptions shall be conformable in all respects to the Provisions of the Act of the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, hereinbefore recited, regarding Bills of Exception: Provided always, that in

all Causes remitted by the Court of Admiralty to the Jury Court, the Bills of Exception shall be presented by the Judge of the Jury Court to the Divisions of the Court of Session alternately, beginning with the First Division; provided further, that Motions for new Trials on a Special Verdict, or Special Findings, shall be made in the Division of the Court of Session from which the Proceedings were sent to the Jury Court, in manner directed by the said recited Act of the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty: Provided nevertheless, that the Interlocutor to be pronounced on such Motions shall be final, and shall not be subject to review by Petition, Representation, Appeal to the House of Lords, or otherwise.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cases of new' Trial in which a Bill of Exceptions to a Decision in the Jury Court is presented to the Court of Session, the Process and Productions shall remain in the Jury Court, in order to enable that Court to proceed in the new Trial, if the Judgment shall be reversed; or to proceed to pronounce Judgment upon a General Verdict, in case it shall be affirmed: Provided always, that it shall be competent to the Divisions of the Court of Sessions to order the said Process and Productions to be brought into the said Division, when it shall deem the same to be necessary; and after an Interlocutor shall be pronounced upon the Bill of Exceptions, the said Process and Productions shall be returned to the Jury Court, for the purposes aforesaid; and that in all Cases of Special Verdicts or Special

Special Verdict, Findings, in all Cases where the Judgment of the Jury Court on a Bill of Exception, other than new Trials, is Sec. Process re- affirmed, the whole Process and Productions shall be forthwith remitted to the Court of Session, that the said Court may proceed to difeufs the Law of the Case, and pronounce Judgment thereon.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cases where the Verdict of the July exhausts the Conclusions of the Action, (except certain cases as herein after provided, ) it shall and may

_____ _ be lawful, after the Elapse of thf time allowed for moving for a new Trial, or after a new Trial shall have

hmusts the Con- been finally refused, for the Judge or Judges of the Jury Court, by a Judgment or Deliverance on the Verdict elusions of the to be issued and to be subscribed by the presiding Judge, without the Necessity of any Motion to that effect.

sions. Exception.

In Cases brought from inferior Court, Court of Session may direct further Proof.

Court of Session may direct Issues.

No Appeal

Motions for new Trial to be in Jury Court.

Order final.

Bill of Exceptions to Judgment in certain Cases may be tendered.

Interlocutor

final.

In such Cases Proceedings to remain in Jury Court.

In Cases of

mitted to Court of Session.

Proceedings where Verdict of Jury ex-

Action.

to

59° GEORGII III. C. 35. 701

to ordain that all manner of legal Execution shall pass upon the fame in common Form; and it shall and may

be lawful for the Judge or Judges of the Jury Court to award not only the Expences incurred in the said

Court, but also the previous Expences incurred in the Court of Seiiion, Court of Admiralty or Inferior Court,

and to require the Auditor of the Court of Seiiion to tax the fame; and the said Judgment shall specify the Judgment to

Expences, in the said Courts, and in the Jury Court; and a Copy of the Verdict and Judgment, certified s^eci{y Ex-

under the Hand of One or other of the Clerks of the Jury Court, shall be a sufficient Warrant for all legal pences*

Diligence and Execution, and equally effectual to all Intents and Purposes as if the fame were an extracted

Decree of the Court of Seiiion, and shall be observed as such by the Lords Ordinary on the Bills, Clerks of the Bills, Keepers of the Signet and all others; and that the Letters under the Signet shall in such Case

bear, that they proceed on the Judgment of the Commissioners of the Jury Court, in those Instances in which,

according to the present Practice, they bear that they proceed on the Decree of the Lords of Council and

Seiiion; and the original Verdi 61 and Judgment thereon, together with the whole Steps of Proceeding, Verdict, &c.

and such Productions as may not have been taken up by the Parties entitled thereto, shall in all such Cases be transmitted to

transmitted for Preservation to the Keeper of the Records of the Court of Seiiion, and in other respects dealt*

with in the fame Way and Manner as the extracted Processes in the Court of Seiiion are or may be transmitted

and dealt with.

XX. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in Special Verdicts, and in all In Case*

Cases where the Verdict contains any Special Findings, which may require the Judgment of the Court of

Seiiion on the Law, and also in all Processes of Reduction or Declarator, and in all Processes wherein the c^ruitT&urnr Decree to be pronounced will form a Part of the Title, or will affect or qualify the Title to any Heritable ed to Court of Estate, the Verdict, with the whole Process and Productions, .shall be returned to the Court of Seiiion, in Session, order that the said Court may pronounce Decree in the said Cause: Provided always, in Cases remitted by the Proviso re-Admiralty Court, when the Return by the Jury is in the Form of a Special VerdiA or Special Findings, which specting Cases may require the Judgment of the Judge Admiral on, the Law, the Verdict, with the whole Process and remitted by Productions, shall be returned into the Admiralty Court, that the Judge Admiral may^pronounce Judgment Admiralty in the Cause; and that in Cases remitted by the Court of Admiralty, the Bills of Exception shall be returned u to the Divisions of the Court of Sessions alternately, beginning with the First, unless the Case was sent to the Jury Court in consequence of a Petition to the Court of Semon as hereinbefore enacted, in which Case the Bill of Exceptions shall be returned to the Division to which the previous Petition was presented.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall be certain distinct Periods of the Terms and Year for the Meeting of the Jury Court, to be called The Term, allotted for such Matters as do not require Sittings fixed, the Intervention of a Jury; and that there shall be certain other distinct Periods, to be called The Sittings,

allotted for Trials by Jury; and the Jury Court shall, for the Purposes first aforesaid, keep and observe Four Terms in every Year, whereof One, to be called the January Term, shall commence yearly on the Twelfth of January, and shall end on the Twelfth Day of February; another, to be called the May Term, shall commence yearly on the Twelfth Day of May, and shall end on the Fifth Day of June; another, to be called the June Term, shall commence yearly on the Sixteenth Day of June, and end the Tenth Day of July; and the Fourth, to be called the November Term, shall commence yearly on the Twelfth Day of November, and shall end on the Tenth Day of December; and if any of the said Days on which the said Terms shall begin or end shall happen to be a Sunday, then such Term respectively shall begin or end on the next Day following.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the said Court shall, for the Purposes last aforesaid, keep and Three Sit-

observe Three Sittings in every Year, One to commence on the Day immediately after the January Term, tings in every another to commence the Day immediately after the June Term, the other to commence the Day immediately Year* after- the November Term; and if any of the said Days on which the said Sittings shall begin shall happen to*4

be a Sunday, the said Sittings respectively shall begin on the Day next following; and all such Sittings shall be held, if necessary, from day to day, on every lawful Day, and shall so continue and endure, according to Court may ap-Exigency of Business; and it shall likewise be competent to the said Court to appoint Cases to be tried by Point for Jury at other times than the regular Sittings, when in their Judgment it shall appear to be necessary; and the regular* Judges of the said Court shall hold Circuits in the Spring and Autumn Vacations, as at present practised. Sitting

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Proceedings for preparing and proceedings settling I flues, for hearing and determining all Matters necessary for forwarding Cases to be tried by Jury, the for preparing Hearing of all Motions respecting Judgments, new Trials, Expences of Process; all Applications for Remits Issues, &c. to the Court of Session, and all other Matters and Things falling within the Jurisdiction of the Jury Court, during and not requiring the Intervention of a Jury, may and shall be heard and determined during the Term only: Term 0 y* Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall prevent One or more Judge or Judges of the Jury Court Proviso for from making Orders out of Term, on the Application of Parties by the Counsel, respecting Commissions for Judge of Jury the Examination of Witnesses, respecting the inspection of written Evidence previous to a Trial by Jury; Qrieraoutof and in all other Matters and Things relative to^furthering the Trial of Causes at the Sittings or on the Circuits, Term.

in case such Application could not have been made dunng the preceding Term; such Judge or Judges being satisfied, by Affidavit or otherwise, that the Application so made could not have been made in the preceding Term; and nothing herein contained shall prevent the Judge or Judges presiding at the Trial of any Case from putting off the fame on account of the Absence of a material Witness or Witnesses, or for any other Cause in which Justice requires that a Trial should be put off; provided it is ascertained, by Affidavit to the Satisfaction of the Judge or Judges, that there is good Cause for so doing, and that such Cause could not have been foreseen in time to have moved the fame in the preceding Term.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, in all Processes in which the Jury Court is to Regulations settle the Issues, That Rules and Regulations shall be and are hereby directed to be framed for ordering Con- to Conde-

59 GEO. III. 4 X dependences

702 C. 35.

59° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1819.

Provision as to the Sum to be paid to Jurors.

July Court to

Jkttandanofr of

Officers on the Judges.

Jury Court may compel the Attend-mnce of Witnesses, &c,

descendeoees and Answers, by virtue of the Authority given in this Act for making Rules and Regulations, so that the Condefcendenees and Answers may either be in the Court of Session or in the Jury Court, as may be found most expedient; and in all Cases m which Condefcendenees and Answers shall be ordered in the Jury Court, the Clerk of the said Court shall collect the Fees on such Proceedings payable in the Court of Session, and shall account to the Officer in the Court of Session entitled to receive the same, for all Fees which shall be so collected.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Amount of the Sum to be paid to each Juror for serving on a Jury shall be regulated by the Order of the Judge or Judges presiding at the Trial; provided that the said Judge or Judges shall not order more to be paid to any Juryman than Twenty Shillings for any One Trial, unless in Cases of Adjournment to a Second Day, when the Sum to be paid to him may, in the Discretion of the Judge or Judges, be extended to Forty Shillings; every such Sum to be paid by the Parties in manner now provided and in force.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this Act, proceed ogajast k shall no longer be necessary for the Officer of any Sheriff or Stewart Depute or Substitute to attend in the absent Jurors." Jury Court for the purpose of proving the Service of a Summons served on any Juror, for enabling the said

Court to proceed to impose a Fine on such Juror for not obeying their Summons, but it shall henceforth be lawful for the Jury Court, at its Sittings or Circuits, to proceed in respect to absent Jurors according- to the Course which prevails in the Court of Judiciary.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Sheriffs Depute and Substitute of* Counties, and the Magi ft rates of Burghs, at the Place where the Judges of the Jury Court hold their Circuit, shall furnish the fame Attendance of Officers on the Judges of the said Court on such Occaffon, as is m use to be provided for the Lords of Judiciary on their Circuits, and the Expence thereof shall be reimbursed to the said Sheriffs* and Magistrates in the same Manner as is now done in the Case of the Justiciary Circuit.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be competent, to the Jury Court to issue their Order or Orders, Diligence or Diligences, for summoning Witnesses, and for Production of Writings, and for all other Matters and Things which the said Court may judge proper and necessary, in Manner and Form as is practised by the Court of Session; and that the said Jury Court shall have the fame Power and Authority in granting* the Protections to Witnesses, committing for Prevarication and Contempt, in every respect, in Cases depending

How Orders of before them, as is competent to the Court of Session, without any Exception or Limitation whatever; ana Jury Court that the Orders of the said Court shall be executed by all Public Officers in the fame Way as the Orders of the «x*etned. Court of Session; which the said Public Officers and Magistrates are hereby enjoined and authorised to execute accordingly.

Power to Lords

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this Act, Commissioners k shall be lawful for the Lords Commimoners of the Jury Court, or any Two of them, to afferable from time to make ^RuP to as often as there shall be occasion, for the purpose of framing such Rules and Regulations as

and Rezula-9 rrarf ke necessary for settling an I flue or Issues, and for ordering the Forms of Process, and regulating the tions for the Proceedings in the said Court, in all Matters and Things falling within the Jurisdiction of the said Court; and Proceedings of that the said Rules and Regulations shall be reported to the Court of Session, assembled for the purpose by the Court. the Authority of the Lora President, together with the Lords ComiraflToners of the Jury Court, who shall Pegulation of the fame into consideration; and upon such Report being approved, the same shall be entered in the

Jury Court and Books of Sederunt of the Court of Session, and in the Sederunt Book of the Jury Court: Provided always, Cn«t of Ses- that such Regulations as are applicable, not only to the Jury Court but also to the Court of Session, shall be framed in the Manner provided by the foresaid Act of the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty.

XXX. And Whereas great Inconvenience has ariftn in the Administration of Justice in the Jury Court, out of the Regulations now in force respecting the precognofcing of Witnesses by the Agents of Parties, also*respecting the Cross Examination of Witnesses, and in other Matters of Regulation as to Evidence; Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for the Judges of the Court of Session, and of the Jury Court, being assembled for the purpose of passing Acts of Sederunt, as provided by the said Act of the Fifty fifth Year o? His present Majesty, to make Acts of Sederunt, establishing such Regulations and Rules of Court for the Preparation of Evidence and the Examination of Witnesses, as shall be expedient for the due Administration of Justice in the Jury Court.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority- aforesaid, That from and after the First Buy of De* ember One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, k shall and maybe lawful for His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, to appoint a Fourth Clerk to the said Jury Court, in the Manner in which the present Clerks of the said Jury Court were directed to be appointed by the said recited Act passed in the Fifty fifth Year of the

sion to be according to

J5 G.3. . c. 4.

and to both Courts for the Cross Examination of Witnesses.

An additional Clerk to Jury Court to be appointed.

Salary.

Three Assistant Clerks to be appointed. Salary.

Reign of His present Majesty, with a Salary not exceeding the Sum of Six hundred Pounds per Amtunr> payable in the fame Maimer and at the fame- Periods as the Salaries authorised to be granted to the present Clerics of the said Jury Court are directed to bepaid and are payable by virtue of the said recited Act; and the said Salary of such Clerk, as well as the Salaries of the other Clerks of the Jury Court shall be subject to such and the like Taxes and Deductions and none other, to which the Salaries granted to the Clerks of the Court of Session are subject and liable.

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said First Day of December One thousand eight hundred and nineteen* it shall and maybe lawful for His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, to appoint Three Assistant Clerks, or Closet Keepers, to the said Jury Court, with* Salaries nut exceeding the Sum of Three hundred Pcmnds per Annum* each* payaBlem the fame-Manner and at the-ftme

Periods

A.D. 1819. 59° GEORGII III.

C-35- 7°S

Periods as the Salaries authorised to be granted to the Clerks of the said Jury Court are directed to be paid by the said recited Act and this Act.

XXXIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cases in which the Jury Court is Auditor

authorised to award and allow Expences, the Accounts of such Expences shall be audited, settled and reported 9°^ upon, by the Person exercisin g the Office of the Auditor of the Court of Session in either of its Divisions, who Jurr-

shall be and is hereby declared to be Auditor of the Jury Court; and such and the like Fees shall be paid to Conn, wkoi* such Auditor as in the Case of Accounts of Expences audited, settled and reported upon in the Court of to report upon Session, under the Authority of an Act passed in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, Expeocm. intituled An Act for abridging the Form of extracting Decrees of the Court of Sejfwny and for the Regulation of 50 G. 5. c. xtV certain Parts of the Proceedings of that Court; and such Auditor shall become entitled to the said Fees from and after the First Day of December and the Twelfth Day of January next, according as Expences in the Court of Session or other Courts, or in the Jury Court, may arise and are awarded by the Jury Court.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case of the Absence from Illness Power to pre-or other sufficient Cause of the Clerk or Clerks of the Jury Court, either at Edinburgh or on the Circuits, siding Judge oT it shall be lawful for the presiding Judge to appoint, by Writing, signed by the said Judge, ai>d afterwards to Jury Court to be entered in the Sederunt Book of the Court, a proper Person to act as Clerk for the Occasion, to whom (U^j^tmteriia the Oaths appointed to be taken by the Clerks of the Jury Court shall be administered previous to his

acting.

XXXV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in Cases where an Order for a' View has been Viewm in cer> obtained, and that the Place to be viewed lies in the Counties of Sutherland, Caithness and Orkney, which Northern Counties are not required to fend Jurors to Invemefs, the Sheriffs Depute or Substitute of the said Counties C^nesregu-respectively shall return Three Persons of the County in which the Action arises, to be the Viewers; and

that the said Viewers shall be bound to attend at the Trial, and be first called to serve on the Jury 5 the Man- Viewers to at-ner of proceeding to take the View and the Qualification of the Jurors being subject always to the Regula-end tions now in force respecting Views, and respecting the Qualification of Jurors; and if from any Cause it 8^eConejuto shall be expedient that Viewers should be sent from a neighbouring 'County, the Jury Court shall issue an 8Cnre ° UI7* Order for a certain Number of Jurors of the neared County from which it may be expedient that Viewers should be taken, and they shall be bound to attend the View, and shall be fird called to serve on the Jury, as at present practised.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Jury Court in Civil Causes, JU1T Court created under the Authority of the aforesaid Act of the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, with all the Officers belonging thereto, and to the Lord Chief Commissioner thereof, shall remain manent*

in all time coming a Part of the Judicial Establishment of Scotland, and of the College of Justice therein, subject to such Regulations, for the better Administration of Justice, as may hereafter be made by Parliament.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall take effect in Commence-directing the Proceedings of the Court of Session from and after the Fird Day of December next, and in ment °^e directing the Proceedings of the Jury Court from and after the Twelfth Day of January next, except as to new 11 catufr* the framing and passing Rules and Regulations, which, as hereinbefore enacted, may be framed and patted

at any time from and after passing of this Act; declaring always, that it shall be competent for the aforesaid Courts respectively to proceed in Manner and Form now practised, until the Fird Day of December and Twelfth Day of January aforesaid.

XXXVIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of the said recited Act of the SS G*3-Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Msyedy, as requires that the Chief Commissioner of the Jury §XI. rePe»le<k Court be a Senator of the College of Justice, or a Baron of Exchequer in Scotland, be and the fame is

hereby repealed; but that no Person shall be appointed to be Chief Commissioner of the said Court, unless he Qualification be qualified to be appointed a Senator of the College of Justice 5 and when at any time the Person holding of Lord Chief the said Office shall not hold any other judicial Office than that of Chief Commissioner, every such Person, Commissions* during the time he shall hold the said Office of Chief Commissioner and no other judicial Office, shall be of Jul7 Cow*, entitled to such Salary as shall be equal to the Salary of the Person holding the Office of Lord Justice Clerk Salary, in Scotland; and such Salary to such Chief Commissioner shall be directed to be paid, and shall be payable, in the Manner and at the fame Periods as the Salary granted to the Person holding the Office of Chief Commissioner of the Jury Court is now, by virtue of the said recited Act passed in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, directed to be paid.

XXXIX. And Whereas by an Act passed in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, 48 G. 3. c. 4^ intituled An Act for enabling His Majesty to grant Annuities to the Judges of the Courts of SeJJtony Justiciary § u and Exchequer irf Scotland, upon the Resignation of their Offices; it was enacted, that it should and might be lawful for His Majesty, His Heirs and Succedors, by His Majesty's Sign Manual, to give and grant unto any Person who should have executed the Office of Lord President of the Court of Session, or of the Lord Justice Clerk, or of the Lord Chief Baron of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, and who should have respectively resigned any such Office, an Annuity or yearly Sum ot Money, not exceeding Three fourth Parts of the Salary appertaining to each such Office at the Period of the Resignation thereof, to commence and to be paid in the Manner and subject to the Conditions mentioned in the said recited Act: And Whereat it is reasonable and expedient that Annuities should in like manner be granted to the Lord Chief Commissioner, and the other Commissioners of the Jury Court, upon the Resignation of their respective Offioel; and aUb» that the Successor of every such Commissioner should in like manner be entitled to have and receive such Salaries and Profits as may arise and become due from the Death or Resignation of his Predecefibr, ' Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty 1 His Heirs

4X2 and

7°4 C. 35.

59° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1819.

may grant an Annuity to Lord Chief. Commissioner or to Commissioner of Jury

according to 48 G. 3. c. 45.

The King by and Successors, by His Majesty's Sign Manual, to give and grant unto any Person who shall have executed the Office of Lord Chief Commissioner, or of a Commissioner of the Jury Court, as well before as after the passing of this Act, and who shall have respectively resigned any such Office, an Annuity or yearly Sum of Money, not exceeding Three fourth Parts of the Salary appertaining to each such Office at the Period of the Resignation thereof, to commence and be payable in all respects in the same Manner and subject to the fame Conditions as any Annuity is authorised and directed to be granted under and by virtue of the said recited Act, passed in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty; and also that the "y Successor of every such Person, who shall have executed the Office of Lord Chief Commissioner, or of a ve resign Commissioner of the Jury Court, shall be entitled to have and receive such Salary as shall have arisen and shall have become due from the Death or Resignation of his Predecessor, in like manner as if his Letter Patent or Commission had borne date the Day next subsequent to the Day of the Death or Resignation of his Predecessor.

XL. And Whereas permanent Accommodation is required for carrying on the Business of the said Court with proper Convenience for the Judges, and for the Clerks and Officers thereof, and the_Buildings necessary and proper for this Purpose may be erected so as to be connected with the Buildings now uled for the Courts of Session, Judiciary and Exchequer in Scotland; Be it therefore enacted by the Authority Buildings to be aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Chief Baron, and the Barons of the Court of erected for the Exchequer in Scotland, with the Advice and Consent of the Lord High Treasurer and Lords Commissioner* of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, to order and direct such] necessary and proper Buildings to be erected for the Accommodation of the Jury Court, and to order the Expence thereof to be defrayed out of the Monies that shall arise from any of the Duties and Revenues in Scotland, which by several Acts made in the Seventh and Tenth Years of the Reign of Her Majesty Queen Anne, were charged and made chargeable

Court, &c.

7 Ann. c. 11. §10.

10 Ann. c. a6. §108.

for keeping up the Courts of Session, Judiciary and Exchequer in Scotland, and to order such Sums to be paid out of such Duties and Revenues as shall be from time to time required for such Expence, to the

Trustees acting in the Execution of an Act passed in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His present 48 G. 3. c. 146. Majesty, intituled An Act for vesting the Stock of the Court of Session in Trustees for the creSing Buildings for the better Accommodation of the College of Justice ana a public Gaol in the City of Edinburgh; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; and such Powers and Authorities are hereby given and granted to such Trustees, for the purpose of erecting the Buildings hereby directed, as are given to the said Trustees for erecting the Buildings directed by the said last mentioned Act.

Bodies Politic,

XLI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the said

Guardians, &c. Trustees to acquire, and for all Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Heirs of Entail, Guardians, act^d^nve ^ru^ee8 ar*d all other Persons and Trustees whomsoever, not only for and on behalf of those having the for the Purposes beneficial Interest, whether Persons under Age, Issue unborn, Lunatics, Idiots or fatuous Persons, or other of this Act. Person or Persons, and for every other Person or Persons whomsoever who shall be seised, possessed of or interested in any Lands, Grounds and Heritages, which shall be required for the Purposes 01 this Act, to contract for, sell and convey the fame and every Part thereof unto the said Trustees for the Purposes of this + Act; and all such Contradts, Agreements, Sales, Conveyances and Assurances shall be valid and effectual in

the Law to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, any Law, Statute, Usage or Custom to the contrary Indemnity to thereof in any wise notwithstanding 5 and all Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, and all Persons whom such Bodies, &c, soever fQ conveying as aforesaid, are hereby indemnified for or in respect of any such Sale which he, she or they or any of them, shall respectively make by virtue or in pursuance of this Act.

XLII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Conveyances and Assurances which shall be made of any Lands or Heritages to the said Trustees for the Purposes of this Act, shall be made according to the following Form, or as near thereto as the Circumstances of the Case will admit:

Form of Conveyance to Trustees.

Satisfaction to be made to Bodies Politic, &c.

4 J [or We] of in consideration of the Sum of

4 to me [or us] paid, do hereby grant, dispone and convey to

all [describing the Premises to be conveyed] and all my Right, Title and Interest to and in the fame and every Part thereof, to hold to the said for the Purposes specified in

4 an Act passed in the Fifty ninth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled [here set forth the Title of this A3J\ In witness whereof I have (et my Hand to these Presents, written by 4 [insert Name and Description of the Writer] this Day of in the Year of our

Lord before these Witnesses [insert Names and Descriptions of Witnesses, who

will also subscribe as Witnesses.]*

And all such Conveyances and Assurances shall be registered within Sixty Days of the Date thereof, in the general Register of Safines, or in the particular Register of Safines of the County of Edinburgh, and shall thereupon be valid and effectual in the Law to all Intents and Purposes, and shall be a complete Bar to all other Rights, Titles, Trusts and Interests and Incumbrances to, in or upon the fame whatsoever.

XLIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Trustees or other Persons herein before capacitated to sell and convey any Lands, Tenements and other Heritages, or any Owner or Owners, and the Occupier or Occupiers of any Lands, Tenements or other Heritages required to be taken for the Purposes of this A A, may accept and receive Satisfaction for the Value of such Lands, Tenements and Heritages, or of any such Interests as aforesaid; and from and immediately after the time of making and executing such Sale and Conveyance, or any Contract or Contradls for the fame, the said Trustees purchasing the fame for the Purposes of this Act, may and shall be at liberty to enter upon, and from thenceforth for ever to have, take and use the said Lands, Tenements

A.D. 181g. 59° GEORGII III. C. 35.

ments and other Heritages, for the Purposes of this Act; and in case the Parties interested in such Lands, Tenements or Heritages, cannot or do not agree as to the Amount or Value of such Satisfaction, the same shall be ascertained and settled by the Verdict of a Jury as is herein after directed.

1 XLIV. And for settling all Differences which may arise between the said Trustees and the several Owners of or Persons interested in any Lands, Tenements or other Heritages which shall or may be taken or used for the Purposes of this Act; Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or any other Person or Persons lo interested, for and on his, her or their Part or Parts, or for or on the Part of any Person or Persons for whom they may hold the fame, or Persons as aforesaid, shall refuse to accept such Purchase Money or other Compensation as shall be offered by them the said Trustees, or their Agent by or on their behalf, shall give notice thereof in Writing to any Three of the said Trustees within Seven Days after such Offer shall have been made, and the Party or Parties giving such Notice as aforesaid shall therein request that the Matter or Matters in dispute may be submitted to the Determination of a Jury; or if any Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or any other Person or Persons seised or possessed of or interested in any such Lands, Tenements or Heritages, as aforesaid, shall refuse to treat or agree, or shall not agree, or by reason of Absence or Disability cannot agree with the said Trustees, or with any Person or Persons authorised by them, for the Sale and Conveyance of their respective Estates and Interests therein, or cannot be found or known, or shall not produce or evince a clear Title to the Premises they may be in possession of, or to the Interest they shall claim therein, to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees, or of the Person or Persons authorised by them, then and in every such Case the said Trustees shall and they are are hereby empowered and required from time to time to direct the Sheriff Depute or Substitute of the County of Edinburgh, to summon, assemble and choose a Jury, in such Way and Manner as Juries are summoned, assembled and chosen in Counties in Scotland; and the said Sheriff may order and authorise the said Jury when chosen, or any Three or more of them, to view the Place or Places or Matters or Things in controversy; and such Jury shall upon their Oaths (which Oaths, as well as the Oaths of such Witnesses, the said Sheriff is hereby empowered and required to administer) inquire of, assess and ascertain, and give a Verdict for the Sum or Sums of Money which shall be paid for the Purchase of such Lands, Tenements or Heritages, or Compensation for any Interest therein as aforesaid; and the said Sheriff shall give Judgment for such Purchase Money or Compensation so assessed by such Jury 5 which said Verdictt and the Judgment thereupon shall be binding and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes upon all Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, and upon all Persons whomsoever, and shall not be subject to any Review, or any Stay or Sift of Execution whatsoever: Provided that Fourteen Days* Notice in Writing at the least of the Hour and Place at which such Jury are so required to be returned be given to the Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or to the Person or Persons interested, or claiming so to be, before the time of the Meeting of the said Sheriff and Jury as aforesaid, by leaving such Notice at the Dwelling House of such Person or Persons, or of the Head Officer of such Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or with some Tenant or Occupier of the Premises respectively intended to be valued 5 and in each and every Case where a Verdict shall be given for more Money, as a Recompence or Satisfaction for the absolute Sale of any Lands, Tenements or Heritages, or as a-Compensation for any Interest therein as aforesaid, than shall have been previously offered by or on behalf of the said Trustees before the summoning such Jury, and where no Compensation shall have been previously offered in respect thereof by or on behalf of the said Trustees, or where by reason of Absence, or other Impediment or Disability, there shall not be found any Person or Persons at hand who may be legally capacitated to contract with and make Conveyances to or receive Compensation from the said Trustees as hereinbefore mentioned, then and in all such Cases all the reasonable Expences of causing such Value or Compensation to be assessed and awarded as aforesaid shall be settled by the said Sheriff, and be defrayed by the said Trustees 5 but if any Verdict shall be given for the same Sum that shall have been previously offered by or on behalf of the said Trustees, or for a less Sum than shall have been so previously offered, or in case of such Refusal to treat with or make Conveyances to the Trustees by any Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or by any Person or Persons whomsoever who is or are by the Provisions of this A Cl or otherwise legally empowered to treat and convey or receive such Compensation as aforesaid, then and in all such Cases (except where, by reason of Absence or otherwise, any Person shall have been prevented from treating and agreeing as aforesaid, in which Case all such Costs and Expences shall be borne and paid by the said Trustees) the reasonable Costs and Expences of causing such Value or Compensation to be assessed and awarded as aforesaid shall be settled in like manner to the said Sheriff, and be borne and paid by the Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or by the Person or Persons with whom the said Trustees shall have such Controversies or Disputes; which said Costs and Expences shall and may be deduced out of the Money so assessed and awarded; and the Payment or Tender of the Remainder of such Sum or Sums of Money shall be deemed and taken to all Intents and Purposes to be Payment or Tender of the whole Sum or Sums 10 assessed or awarded as aforesaid.

XLV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the said Judgments and Verdictt 8 shall be deemed to be and shall become Records of the said Sheriff to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever 5 and the fame or true Copies thereof shall be allowed to be good Evidence 5 and all Persons shall have liberty to inspect the fame, paying for such Inspection the Sum of One Shilling, and to take Copies thereof, paying for every Copy the Sum of Sixpence for every One hundred Words, and so in proportion for any less Number of Words.

XLVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon Payment or legal Tender of such Sum or Sums of Money as shall have been contrafted or agreed for between the Parties, or determined or adjusted by any Jury or Juries in manner aforesaid, for the Purchase of any such Lands, Tenements or Heritages, to the Proprietor or Proprietors of such Lands and other Heritages and Premises, or such other Person or Persons

705

If Parties cannot agree. Verdict of Jury to be taken.

If Parties are dissatisfied or refuse, or are unable to treat, &c.

Notice.

Particulars

thereof.

Or if Parties entitled Cannot be found, or Title not produced, Jury may be summoned;

who are to give Verdict upon Oath of Witnesses.

Verdict

binding.

Proviso for Notice of Return of Jury.

When Verdict for more than Money offered,

and no Compensation previously offered, &c.

Expences barn* by Trustees.

Where Verdict for less, or Refusal to treat, &c.

Exception.

Expences borne by Body Corporate, &c.

Expences deducted out of Money awarded.

Verdicts to be recorded.

Fee for Inspection.

Power to Trustees to enter upon and take Possession of Land, &c. on Payment1

ycr6

or Tender of

Purchase

Monies.

Payment or Tender a Bar.

Txurtees before fiayaaent may not.dig for Bvttdiogs wnth-outLaave of Owner. Application of Compensation when -amounting ^to or exceeding aodL

When lees than loci, and exceeding zcX

When toss than act.

In case of not making out Titles, or if

C. 35. 5<9° GEORGII III. A.D. 1819.

Persons as shall be interested therein, or entitled to receive such Money or Compensation respectively, at any time after the same shall have been so agreed for, determined or awarded; or if the Person or Persons (o entitled or interested, or any of them, cannot be found, or shall refuse to receive the same, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees, or shall refuse to execute a Conveyance or Conveyances of the Premises which shall be required for the Purposes of this Act; then, upon Payment of the said Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank of Scotland, or the Royal Bank of Scotland, or the Brttt/b Linen Company, as hereafter directed and required (in case the same shall be requisite), for the Use of such Person or Persons so interested or entitled as aforesaid, it shall be lawful far the said Trustees, and their Agents, Servants and Workmen, or any other Persons authorised by them in their behalf, immediately to enter upon such Lands, Grounds and Heritages respectively, and the Fee Simple and Inheritance thereof, together with the yearly Profits thereof, and all the Estate, Use, Trust and Interest of any Person or Persons therein, shall from thenceforth be vetted in the said Trustees, in such manner as is directed in and by this Act, to and for the Purposes of this Act, for ever; and such Tender, Payment or Investiture shall not only bar all Right, Title, Claim, Interest and Demand, of the Person or Persons to whom the same shall or ought to have been made, but also shall eatend to and shall be deemed and construed to bar the Terce of the Wile, and all Right of every other Person, and all Incumbrancers whomsoever therein: Provided nevertheless, that before such Payment it shall not be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Person acting under their Authority, to dig into such Lands or Grounds, for the purpose of erecting the Buildings directed by this Act, without Leave of the respective Owners or Occupiers thereof in Writing under their respective Hands.

XLVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Money shall be agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements or Heritages, or for any other Matter, Right or Interest, of what Nature or Kind soever, purchased, taken or used by virtue of the Powers of this Act, for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, Minor or other Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity, as hereinbefore mentioned, Inch Money shall, in case the same shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of Scotland, or the Royal Bank of Scotland, or the British Linen Company, to be placed to aa Account in the Name or Names of such Person or Persons as any Three of the said Trustees shall, by Writing signed by them, direct and appoint, to the intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and the Approbation of the Court of Session, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements or Heritages, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorise to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Tenements or Heritages, or afiefting other Lands, Tenements or Heritages (landing settled therewith, to the fame or the like Uses, Intents or Purposes; or where such Money Audi not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direct ion and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements or Heritage, which shall be conveyed to, for and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents and Purposes, and in the same Manner, as the Lands, Tenements or Heritages, which shall be so purchased, taken or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the meantime, and until such Purchase shall be made, the Interest or Annual Produce of such Money shall from time to time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements and Heritages so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XLVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements or Heritages purchased, taken or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Inca*

?acity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty 'ounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements or Heritages so purchased, taken or used, or of his, her or their Guardian or Guardians, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank of Scotland, the Royal Bank of Scotland, or the Briitjb Linen Company, under the Direct ion and Authority of the Court of Session, in order to be applied in manner hereinbefore directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Three Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Three or more of the said Trustees, such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties, in order that such Principal Money and the Interest arising thereon may be applied m manner hereinbefore directed, so far3 the Case may be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction and Approbation of the Court iff Session.

XLIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in au such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements or Heritages so purchased, taken or used for the Purposes of this Act, as the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, shall think fit, or then to hia, her or their Guardian or Guardians, and to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

L. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so ordered to be paid as aforesaid shall not be able to make a good Title to

the

A.D. 1819. 59° GEORGII III. CL35.

tile Premises, to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees, or any Three of them, or shall refute-to execute such Conveyance or Conveyance*; or in case such Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall he so ordered to be paid as aforesaid cannot be found; or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements or Heritages, be not known or discovered; then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the said Trainees, or any Three or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums so awarded to be paid into the Bank of Scotland, the Royal Bank of Scotland, or the British Linen Company, to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements or Heritages [describing them], subject to the Order, Controul and Disposition of the Court of Session; which said Court, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, shall be and is' hereby empowered, in a summary Way of Proceeding, or otherwise, as to the said Court shall seem meet, to order the same to remain in the Hands of the said Banks, or One of them, or to order the same to be laid out and inverted in the Public Funds, or to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Intterest or Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Ertates, Title or Interest of the Person or Persons making claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Caftiier or Cashiers of the said Banks respectively, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Use the fame is or are received to such Person or Persons as shall pay any Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

LI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into such Banks in purfoanfce of this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements or Heritages, or of any Estate, Right- or Interest in any Lands, Tenements or Heritages to be purchased in pursuance thereof, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or to the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands, Tenements or Heritages at the time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, # {Rail be- deemed and taken to have been- lawfully entitled' to such Lands, Tenements or Heritages* according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Session 5 and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, or the Capital yielding such Interest, remaining in the Hands of any of the said Banks, shall be paid and applied and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court, that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements or Heritages, or to some Efbate or Interest therein.

LII. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where by reason of any Difebility or Incapacity of the Person or Persons or Corporation entitled* to any Lands, Tenements or Heritages, to be purchased under the Authority of this Act, and the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the said Banks, or One of them, by the Order of the said Court, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements or Heritages, to be settled to the like Uses in pursuance thereof respectively, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order the Expences of all such Purchases from time to time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the Court shall deem reasonable, together with the necessary Costs and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Commissioners, who shall from time to time pay such Sumsi of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

LIII. And Whereas the said Trustees may purchase Lands to be made use of for the Purposes of this Act, and it may happen that the whole thereof may not be required for the Purposes of this Act, and it may in such Case become necessary to resell the fame; Be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, by Deed under the Hands of any Three or more of them, to grant and, convey by way of absolute Sale, for a Consideration in Money, such Lands, Tenements or Heritages, or any such Part or Parts thereof, as shall not be wanted for the Purposes of this Act; and all such Conveyances from the said Trustees shall be valid and effectual, any thing in this Act contained, or any other Law, Statute or Custom to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding; and upon Payment of the Money which shall arise by Sale or Sales of such Lands, Tenements and Heritages, it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees to sign and give Receipts for the Money for which the same shall be sold, which Receipt shaft be sufficient Discharges to any Person or Persons for the Purchase Money for which such Lands or Buildings shall be so fold, or for so much thereof as in such Receipts shall be acknowledged or expressed to be receive#? and such Person or Persons shall not afterwards be answerable or accountable for any Loss, Misapplication or Non Application of such Purchase Money, or any Part thereof: Provided always, that the said Trustees, before they shall sell and dispose of such Lands, Tenements or Heritages, shall first offer to refeU the feme to the Person or Persons from whom they shall have purchased the fame, or would have been then entitled to in case the fame had not been purchased by the said Trustees, the Price at which the same shall be refold being, at the Option of the said Persons, either the Price paid by the said Trustees, or a Price for the fame adjusted and settled by a Jury in like manner as the Price for any Land to be taken in pursuance of this Act, as hereinbefore directed to be settled in case of Difference or Difoute as to the Value thereof; and if such Person or Persons shall not agree, or shall refofe to repurchase the feme, it shall and may be lawfol to and for any Person or Persons, not interested in the Premises, to make an Affidavit, to be sworn before One of His Majesty's Justicet of the Peace for the County where such Lands shall be fltuatfc, Rating that such Offer was made by* or on behalf of the said Trustees, and that such Ptt*son or Persons did not agree, or refofed to purchase such

Lands

707

Ffenmtoi whom Mousy* ordered to be paid cannot be* found. Purchase Money to be paid into the Benltefl Scotland, ko. y* subject to the Order of the Court of Session, upon Motion or Petition*

Cashier of tha Bank to give a Receipt.

Where any Question shall arise touching the Title to Purchase Money to be paid in, the Person in possession of the Lands, &c. at the time of the Purchase deemed entitled thereto.

In csss Of Disability, &c. of Persons entitled, the Court may order reasonable Expences of Purchases, together with the Costa of the Order, to be paid by the Commissioners.

Trustees empowered to resell Lands, not wanted for Purposes of Act.

Trustees in the first Place to make Offer 0# ResaktbPwW fivaawbetiwbuy* purchawd.

IfsudfrFfciWrtr refuse to repurchase, Affidavit thereof to be made.

7°8

Such Affidavit Evidence.

55 G. $ c. 42, continued, save as hereby altered, &c.

Proviso for Regulations made thereunder.

55 G. S' c. 42. §42, 43* 44, repealed.

3 G.3, c.ii.

33 G.j. c. 37.

41 G. 3. c.I2.

Recited Acts repealed.

Materials with which Bread may be made and sold.

A seized and priced Bread not to be made at the same time, nor in the same Place.

53 0.3. c. 116.

C. 35, 36. 59° GEORGII III. A.D. 1819.

Lands or Buildings, as the case may be; and such Affidavit shall in all Courts be sufficient Evidence and Proof that such Oner was made, and not agreed to or refused.

LIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Powers, Authorities Directions and Regulations, and all other Matters and Things enabled in the aforesaid Act of the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, excepting in so far as the same are by this Act altered, varied, amended, annulled or repealed, shall be and the same are hereby continued in force, in as full and ample Manner as if the fame were repeated and re-enacted in this Act, and made a Part thereof; and that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend, except as herein enacted, to diminish or invalidate the binding Force and Effect of the Rules and Regulations made under the Authority of the hereinbefore mentioned Act of the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or the Orders, Directions or Judgments of the Courts acting under the Authority of the same.

LV. And Whereas it is provided by the said Act of the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, that regular Returns should be made to both Houses of Parliament, of all Proceedings under the said Act, and that Reports should be made of the Number of Issues directed to and tried in the Jury Court:

And Whereas it is no longer necessary to continue the said Provisions Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Provisions contained in the said Act, respecting the said Returns and Report to Parliament, shall be and the same are hereby repealed.

CAP. XXXVI.

An Act to repeal certain A£ta now in force for regulating the making and Sale of Bread out of the City of London, and the Liberties thereof, and beyond the Weekly Bills of Mortality and Ten.

Miles of the Royal Exchange, where no Assize is set; and for establishing other Provisions and Regulations relative thereto. [ 14th June 1819.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Third ^ear of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An

9 Vf Act for explaining and amending an Act made in the Thirty first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for the due making of Bread, and to regulate the Price and Affine thereof9 and to punish Persons who shall adulterate Meal, Flour or Bread : J And Whereas another Act was

passed in the Thirty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend

4 an Act made in the Thirty frjl Year of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for the due making of Bread, and to regulate the Price and Affine thereof and to punish Persons who shall adulterate Meal, Flour or Bread? with respcd to the time within which certain Prosecutions dtreded by the said Act are to be brought: And Whereas another Act was passed in the Forty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend an Act made in the Thirty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled c An Act to permit Bakers to make and sell certain Sorts of Bread'* And Whereas it is expedient thatlhe said recited Acts, and all other Acts which relate to Bread to be sold out of the City of London and the Liberties thereof, and beyond the Weekly Bills of Mortality and Ten Miles of the Royal Exchange, where no Assize is set, should be repealed, and that other and more effectual Provisions should be established for punishing Persons who shall adulterate Meal, Flour or Bread, or who shall sell Bread deficient in its due Weight, and for better regulating the making and Sale of Bread within the Limits aforesaid: But as such beneficial Purposes cannot be effected without the Authority of Parliament May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said several recited Act of the Third, Thirty third, and Forty first Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, and all and every other Act and Acts of Parliament which relate to the making and felling of Bread, where no Assize is set; or the Punishment of Persons who shall adulterate Meal, Flour or Bread, or who sell Bread deficient in its due Weight, so far as respects the Bread, Meal and Flour, to be made and fold out of the City of London and the Liberties thereof, and beyond the Weekly Bills of Mortality and Ten Miles of the Royal Exchange, where no Assize is set, shall be and the same are hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons whomsoever, out of the City of London and the Liberties thereof, and beyond the Weekly Bills of Mortality and Ten Miles of the Royal Exchange, to make, bake, fell and expose for Sale, any Bread made of Flour or Meal, of Wheat, Barley, Rye, Oats, Buckwheat, Indian Corn, Peas, Beans, Rice and every other Kind of Grain whatsoever, and Potatoes, or any of them, and with any common Salt, pure Water, Eggs, Milk, Yeast, Barm, Leaven and Potatoe Yeast, and mixed in such Proportions as the Makers or Sellers of Bread shall think fit; any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, That although no Assize of Bread shall be set in pursuance of an Act passed in the Fifty third Year of the Reign of liis present Majesty, intituled An Act to alter and amend Two Acts of the Thirty first Tear of King George the Second, and the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty, so far as relates to the Price and Affine of Bread to be sold out of the City of London and the Liberties thereof and beyond the Weekly Bills of Mortality and Ten Miles of the Royal Exchange; no Loaf or Loaves of Bread called or deemed Assize Loaf or Loaves, in the Tables of the Assize and Price of Bread annexed to the said last mentioned Act enacted and referred to, and the Weight of which varies according to the Variation in the Price of Grain, shall be made for Sale, fold or carried out for Sale, or be offered or exposed to or for Sale, or be allowed to be sold, where any Loaf or Loaves of the Bread called or deemed Priced Loaf or Loaves in the Tables of the Assize

A.D. 1819. 59° GEORGII III. C. 36.

and Price of Bread, in and by the said Act of the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty enacted and referred to, and the Price of which varies according to the Variation in the Price of Grain, shall at the same time be made for Sale, or be allowed to be sold (that is to say) no Assize Loaves of the Price of Threepence, and priced Loaves called Half Quartern Loaves, nor Assize Loaves of the Price of Sixpence, and priced Loaves called Quartern Loaves, nor Assize Loaves of the Price of Twelve pence, and priced Loaves called Half Peck Loaves, nor Assize Loaves of the Price of Eighteen pence, and priced Loaves called Peck Loavesy shall at the same time be made for Sale, fold or carried out for Sale, or be offered or exposed to or for Sale, or allowed to be sold by any Baker or other Seller of Bread, in his, her or their Shop, Dwelling House or Premises, that unwary Persons may not be imposed upon and injured by buying Assize Loaves referred to in the said Tables, as or for priced Loaves so referred to in the said Tables, or by buying such priced Loaves as or for such Assize Loaves; and every Person who shall offend therein, and be»convicted of any such Offence in manner herein after mentioned, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings nor less than Ten Shillings, as the Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, before whom any such Offender or Offenders shall be convicted, shall from time to time adjudge and determine.

IV. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons making or who shall make Bread for Sale, out of the City of London and the Liberties thereof, and beyond the Weekly Bills of Mortality and Ten Miles of the Royal Exchange, nor any Journeyman or other Servant of any such Person or Persons as last mentioned, shall at any time or times, in the making of Bread for Sale, put any Alum or Preparation or Mixture in which Alum shall be an Ingredient, or any other Preparation or Mixture in lieu of Alum, into the Dough of such Bread, or in anywise use or cause to be used any Alum or any other unwholesome Mixture, Ingredient or Thing whatsoever in the making of such Bread, on any Account or under any Colour or Pretence whatsoever, upon pain that every such Person, whether Master or Journeyman or other Person, who shall knowingly offend in the Premises, and shall be convicted of any such Offence, either by his, her or their own Confession, or upon the Oath (or being of the People called Quakers, Affirmation) of One or more Witness or Witnesses, shall on every such Conviction forfeit and pay any Sum of Money not exceeding Five Pounds, or in default of Payment thereof, shall, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of the Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, before whom such Offender shall be convicted, be committed to the House of Correction, or some Prison of the City, County, Borough or Place where the Offence shall have been committed, or the Offender or Offenders shall be apprehended, there to remain for any time not exceeding Six Calendar Months from the time of such Commitment, unless such Penalty shall be sooner paid, as any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices shall think fit to order and direct; and it shall be lawful for the Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, before whom any such Offender shall be convicted, to cause the Offenders Name, Place of Abode and Offence to be published in some Newspaper which shall be printed, published or circulated in or near the County, Division, Riding or District where the Offence shall be committed, and to defray the Expence of publishing the fame out of the Money to be forfeited as last mentioned, if any shall be paid or recovered.

V. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall knowingly put into Corn, Meal or Flour which shall be ground, dressed, bolted or manufactured for Sale out of the said City of London and the Liberties thereof, and beyond the Weekly Bills of Mortality and Ten Miles of the Royal Exchange, either at the time of grinding, dressing, bolting or in anywise manufacturing the fame, or at any other time or times, any Ingredient, Mixture or Thing whatsoever, or shall knowingly tell, offer or expose to or for Sale any Meal or Flour of one Sort of Grain as or for the Meal or Flour of any other Sort of Grain, or any thing as or for or mixed with the Meal or Flour of any Grain, which shall not be the real and genuine Meal or Flour of the Grain the same shall import to be and ought to be, upon pain that every Person who shall offend in the Premises, and shall be thereof convicted in manner herein after mentioned, shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, as the Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices before whom any such Offender shall be convicted shall think fit or order and direct.

VI. And be it further enacted, That every Loaf of every Sort of Bread made of the Meal or Flour of any other Grain than Wheat, which shall be made for Sale, or be sold, carried out, offered or exposed in apywife to or for Sale, out of the City of London and the Liberties thereof, and beyond the Weekly Bills of Mortality and Ten Miles of the Royal Exchange, 'shall be marked with a large Roman (M.); and that every Person who shall make for Sale, fell, offer or expose to or for Sale, any Loaf of any such Sort of Bread which shall be made of the Meal or Flour of any other Grain than Wheat, which shall not be marked as hereinbefore directed, shall for every time he, she or they shall so offend in the Premises, and be thereof convicted in manner herein after directed, forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings for every Loaf of such Bread which shall not be so marked, as the Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices before whom any such Person shall be convicted, shall from time to time adjudge and determine.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices of the Peace, within the Limits of their respective Jurisdictions, and also for any Peace Officer or Officers of any Parish or Place where any Miller, Mealman or Baker, or other Person who shall grind Grain, or dress or bolt Meal or Flour, or make Bread for Reward or Sale, out of the City of London and the Liberties thereof, and beyond the Weekly Bills of Mortality and Ten Miles of the Royal Exchange, authorised by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, and which Warrant any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered to grant, at seasonable times in the Day to enter into any House, Mill, Shop, Stall, Bakehouse, Iloltinghouse, Pastry Warehouse, Outhouse or Ground, of or belonging to any Miller, Mealman or Baker, or other Person who shall grind Grain or dress or bolt Meal or Flour, or make Bread for Reward or Sale as aforesaid, and to take with him or them, to his or their Assistance, One or more Master Miller, Mealman or

59 Geo. III. 4 Y Baker,

709

[Penalty.]

Bakers out of London and the Bills of Mortality, &c. not to use Alum, Sec. in making of Bread for Sale.

[Penalty.]

If not paid, Imprisonment.

Offender's Name, Place of Abode, Sec. published.

Adulterating Com, Meal or Flour, whether at the time of grinding, dressing or bolting, Sec. or selling Meal or Flour of one Sort of Grain for another Sort; Penalty.

Loaves made of Meal of any other Grain than Wheat, to be marked with the Letter (M.)

[Penalty.]

Magistrates or Peace Officers by their Warrants, may search Bakers* Premises.

7 to

C. 36.

59 GEORGII III.

A.D. 1819.

son in whose Possession found. See, Alum, &c.

JWaedand earned to Magistrate j

who tm adjudging the same to be

adulterated, may dispose of it as he may think proper.

Bakers in

Baker, Millers, Mealmen or Bakers, and to search or examine whether any Mixture, Ingredieat or Thing, not the genuine Produce of the Grain such Meal or Flour shall import or ought to be, ftiafi have been mixed up with or put into any Meal or Flour in the Possession of such Miller, Me&lman or Baker, either in the grinding of any Grain at the Mill, or in the dressing, bolting or manufacturing thereof, whereby the Purity of any Meal or Flour is or shall be in anywise adulterated, or whether any Alum or other Ingredient shall have been mixed up with or put into any Dough or Bread in the Possession of any such Baker or other Person, whereby any such Dough or Bread is or shall be in anywise adulterated; and also to search for Alum or any Flour adul- other Ingredient which may be intended to be used in or for any such Adulteration or Mixture; and if on any Search it shall appear that any such Meal, Flour, Dough or Bread so found, shall have been so n^° adulterated by the Person in whose Possession it shall then be, or any Alum or other Ingredient shall be found,

which shall seem to have been deposited there, in order to be used in the Adulteration of Meal, Flour or Bread, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices of the Peace, or Officer or Officers authorised as aforesaid respectively, within the Limits of their respective Jurisdictions, to seize and take any Meal, Flour, Dough or Bread which shall be found in any such Search, and deemed to have been adulterated; and all Alum and other Ingredients and Mixtures which shall be found and deemed to have been used or intended to be used in or for any such Adulteration as aforesaid, and such Part thereof as shall be seized by any Peace Officers authorised as aforesaid, shall, with all convenient Speed after Seizure, be carried to some Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices of the Peace, within the Limits of whose Jurisdiction the same shall have been so seized; and if any Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, who shall authorise any such Seizure to be made in pursuance of this Act, or to whom any thing so seized under the Authority of this Act shall be brought, shall adjudge that any such Meal, Flour, Dough or Bread so seized has been adulterated by any unwholesome or improper Mixture or Ingredient put therein, or shall adjudge that any Alum or other Ingredient or Mixture, so found as aforesaid, have been deposited or kept where so found, for the purpose of adulterating Meal, Flour or Bread, then and in any such Case every Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices of the Peace, is and are hereby required, within the Limits of their respective Jurisdictioils, to dispose of the same as he or they, in his or their Discretion, shall from time to time think proper.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That every Miller, Mealman or Baker, out of the City of London and vHiose IVeraiscs^Uberties thereof, and beyond the Weekly Bills of Mortality and Ten Miles of the Royal Exchange, in any Ingredients whose House, Mill, Shop, Stall, Bakehouse, Boltinghouse, Pastry Warehouse, Outhouse, Ground or Poffor adulterating session, any Alum, or other Ingredient or Mixture shall be found, which shall, after due Examination, be Flour, &c.; adjudged by any Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices of the Peace, to have been deposited there

for the purpose of being used in adulterating Meal, Flour or Bread, shall, on being convicted of any such Offence, either by his, her or their own Confession, or by the Oath or Affirmation as aforesaid, of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, forfeit and pay, on every such Conviction, any Sum of Money not exceed-Penalty. ing Five Pounds, or in default of Payment thereof, shall, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal, or Hands

and Seals of the Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, before whom such Offender shall be convicted, if net paid, be committed to the House of Correction, or some other Prison of the City, County or Place, where the Imprisonment. Offence shall have been committed, or the Offender or Offenders shall be apprehended, there to remain for any time not exceeding Six Calendar Months from the time of such Commitment, unless such Penalty shall be sooner paid, as any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices shall think fit and order, unless the Puty may dis- Party or Parties charged with any such Offence shall make it appear to the Satisfaction of the Magistrate or charge himself Magistrates, Justice or Justices, before whom any such Alum or other Ingredient or Mixture shall be brought, he is not"!*1 ^llc^um or ot^er Ingredient or Mixture was not nor were brought or lodged, where the fame was or ^were found or seized, with any Design or Intent to have been put into any Meal, Flour or Bread, or to have adulterated therewith the Purity of any Meal, Flour or Bread, but that the fame was or were in the Place or Places in which the same shall have been so found or seized as aforesaid, for some other lawful Purpose; and that it shall be lawful for the Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices before whom any such Offender shall be convicted, to cause the Offender's Name, Place of Abode and Offence to be pubhmed in some Newspaper which shall be printed, published or circulated in or near the County, Division, Riding or District where the said Offence shall be committed, and ta defray the Expence of pubhflung the fame out of the Money to be forfeited as last mentioned, if any shall be paid or recovered.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or* persons shall wilfully obstruct or hinder aay such Search as hereinbefore is authorised to be made, or the Seizure of any Meal, Flour, Dough or Bread, or of any Alum or other Ingredient or Mixture which shall be found on any such Search, and deemed to have been lodged with an Intent to adulterate the Purity or Wholesomeness of any Meal, Flour, Dough or Bread, or shall wilfully oppose or refill any such Search being made, or the carrying away any such Alum or other Ingredient or Mixture as aforesaid, or any Meal, Flour, Dough or Bread which shall be seized as being adulterated, or as not being made pursuant to this Act, he, she or they so doing or offending in any of the Cases last aforesaid, shall for every such Offence, on being convicted thereof, forfeit and pay such Sum, not exceeding Forty Shillings, nor less than .Twenty Shillings, as the Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices before whom such Offender or Offenders shall be convicted, shall think fit and trfder and direct.

X. And be it further enacted, That where no Assize is set, the several Loaves hereafter mentioned of every Sort of Bread which shall be made for Sale out of the City of London and the Liberties thereof, and beyond the Weakly Bills of Mortality and Ten Miles of the Royal. Exchange, shall always weigh in avoirdupois Weight as follows, (that is to say, ) every Peck Loaf shall weigh Seventeen. Pounds Six Ounces, every Half Peck Loaf Eight Pounds Eleven Ounces, every Quarter of .a Peck Loaf Four Pounds Five Ounces and an Half, every Half Quarter of a. Peck Loaf Two Pounds Two Ounces and Three Quarters; and that every

Baker

Obstruction Search, or Seizure of Flour, &c. or Ingredients to adulterate it;

[Penalty.]

Weight of the several Sorts of Loaves of Bread where no Assize set.

A.D. 1819. 59° GEORGII III. C. 3S4 711

Baker and Seller of Bread shall cause to be fixed in some convenient Part of his or her Shop a Beam and Scales and

Scales with proper Weights, in order that every Person or Persons who may purchase any Bread of any such

Baker or Seller of Bread, may, if he, she or they shall think proper* require the same to be weighed in his, toe^vejJh Bread

her or their own Presence; and that if any Baker or Seller of Bread out of the City of London and the if required.

Liberties thereof, and beyond the Weekly Bills of Mortality and Ten Miles of the Royal Exchange, shall neglect to fix such Beam and Scales in some convenient Part of his or her Shop, or to provide and keep for

Use proper Weights, or whose Weights shall be deficient in their due Weight, or who shall refuse to weigh

any Bread purchased in his or her Shop in the Presence of the Party or Parties requiring the fame, he, she or they shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, as the Magistrate or Penalty.

Magistrates, Justice or Justices before whom such Offender shall be convicted, shall order and direct.

XI. And be it further enacted, That every Baker or Seller of Bread out of the City of London and the Selling Bread Liberties thereof, and beyond the Weekly Bills of Mortality and Ten Miles of the Royal Exchange, who^01* of shall fell and deliver any Peck, Half Peck, Quarter of a Peck, or Half Quarter of a Peck Loaf or Loaves'U

of Brefed, which, on an Average of the whole Weight of Bread sold at one and the same time to any Cuf-tomer, shall be deficient in its due Weight according to the Weight of the several Loaves as are hereinbefore directed respectively to weigh, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Five Shillings Penalty* for every Ounce deficient in Weight, and so in proportion for any Quantity less than One Ounce, as the Justice or Justices before whom such Offender shall be convicted shall think fit to order and direct: Provided Penalty not always, that no Baker or Seller of Bread shall be liable for any Deficiency in the Weight of any Bread, unless the same shall be weighed in the Presence of the Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, before inrPresence of whom such Offender shall be summoned, and of the Offender, in case he or she shall appear before the Magis- Magistrate, and trate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, in pursuance of a Summons, and the Deficiency of Weight thereof of Offender if ascertained, within Twenty four Hours next following the time of the fame having been baked; and unless he appear on Evidence be given before such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, to his or their Satisfaction, by*

One or more disinterested Witness or Witnesses, that the said Bread was in precisely the same State when pro- JJiat Breads duced to be weighed before such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, as when the fame was taken then in the from such Baker or Seller of Bread, reasonable and aue Allowance being made for such Bread having naturally same State as become dryer during the time intervening between the felling and finally weighing the fame before such Magil- herein men-trate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices as aforesaid; and that nothing in this Act contained shall be construed tioDef* to extend or to include such Bread as is usually made and fold under the Denomination of French or Fancy ^rovl*f Bread, or Rolls or Cakes. ^ench Brea*

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Master, Mistress, Journeyman or other Person BaJcin flni| respectively, exercising or employed in the Trade or Calling of a Baker out of the City of London and the gelling* Liberties thereof, and beyond the Weekly Bills of Mortality and Ten Miles of the Royal Exchange, shall, on Sundays, the Lord's Day, commonly called Sunday, or any Part thereof, make or bake any Household or other Bread,

Rolls or Cakes of any Sort or Kind, or shall on any Part of the said Day sell or expose to Sale, or permit or suffer to be sold or exposed to Sale, any Bread, Rolls or Cakes of any Sort or Kind, except to Travellers, or in Cases of urgent Necessity; or bake or deliver, or permit or suffer to be baked or delivered, any Meat, Pudding, Pie, Tart or Victuals, at any* time after half past One of the Clock in the Afternoon of Hours, that Day, or in any other manner exercise the Trade or Calling of a Baker, or be engaged or employed in the Business or Occupation thereof; save and except as aforesaid, and also save and except so far as may be Exception for necessary in setting and supermtending the Sponge to prepare the Bread or Dough for the following Day's setting and Baking; and that no Meat, Pudding', Pie, Tart or Victuals shall be brought to or taken from any Bake-house during the time of Divine Service in the Church, Parish, Hamlet or Place where the fame is situate, 0 pong&' nor within One Quarter of an Hour of the time of Commencement thereof; and every Person offending against the foregoing Regulations, or any One or more of them, and being thereof convicted before any Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices of the Peace of the City, County or Place where the Offence shall be committed, within Two Days from the Commission thereof, either upon the View of such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices of the Peace, or on Confession by the Party, or Proof by One or more Witness upon Oath or Affirmation as aforesaid, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay, and undergo the Forfeiture, Penalty and Punishment herein after mentioned; (that is to say, ) for the First Offence the Penalty First Offence, of Five Shillings, for the Scaond Offence the Penalty of Ten Shillings, and for every Third and subsequent Second Offence* Offence respectively, the Penalty of Twenty Shillings; and shall moreover on every such Con vision bear and an^su* pay the Costs and Expences of the Prosecution, such Coils and Expences to , be affeifed, settled and ascertained by the Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices of the Peace convicting; and the Amount thereof, together with such Part of the Penalty as such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices of the Peace shall think proper, to the Prosecutor or Prosecutors for Loss of time in instituting and following up the Pro- Allowance to fecution, at a Rate not exceeding Three Shillings per Diem, and be paid to the Prosecutor or Prosecutors for Prosecutor for his and their own Use and Benefit; and the Residue of facb Penalty to be paid to such Magistrate or Magis- Loss of time, trates, Justice or Justices of the Peace, and within Seven Days after his or their Receipt thereof, to be transmitted by him or them to the Churchwardens or Overseert of the Parish or Parities where the Offence shall be committed, to be applied for the Benefit of the Poor thereof; and in case the whole Amount of the Penalty Recovery and and of the Costs and Expences as aforesaid, be not paid within Three Days after the Cooviction of the Offender or Offenders, such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice ot Justices of the Peace shall and may, by Warrant under their respecthre Hands and Seals or Hand and Seal, direct the same to be levied and raised by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders; or in default or Insufficiency of such Distress, to commit the Offender or Offenders to the House of Correction, on a First Offence for any time not exceeding

4Y 2 Fourteen

Hiller, Meal-man or Baker, acting as a Justice of Peace in the Execution of this Act; Penalty.

Offences against this Act may be heard in a summary Way by Magistrates within their respective Jurisdictions.

Offender not appearing on Summons, Proceedings.

Penalties may be levied by Distress and Sale.

If Goods of Offender removed, Proceedings.

If no Distress, Imprisonment.

Power to summon and compel the Attendance of Witnesses.

C. 36. 59° GEORGII III. A.D. 1819.

Fourteen Days, and on the Second or any subsequent Offence, for any time not exceeding Twenty one Days, unless the Whole of the Penalty, Costs and Expences be sooner paid and discharged.

XIII. Provided always, ana be it further enacted, That no Person who shall follow or be concerned in the Business of a Miller, Mealman or Baker, shall be capable of acting or shall be allowed to act as a Magistrate or Justice of the Peace under this Act, or in putting in execution any of the Powers in or by this Act granted; and if any Miller, Mealman or Baker shall presume so to do, he or they so offending in the Premises, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall inform or sue for the fame, to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster^ by Actioa of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, wherein no Essoign, Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed.

XIV. And for the better and more easy Recovery of the several Penalties and Forfeitures to be incurred under this Act, and the Powers herein contained; be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Mayor or any Alderman of any City, and "to and for any other of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace or any of them, within their respective Counties, Divisions, Cities, Towns Corporate, Liberties or Jurisdictions. beyond the City of London and the Liberties thereof, and beyond the Weekly Bills of Mortality and Tea Miles of the Royal Exchange, to hear and determine in a summary Way all Offences committed against the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and for that Purpose to summon before them or any of them, within their respective Jurisdictions, any Party or Parties accused of being an Offender or Offenders against the true Intent and Meaning of this Act 5 and in case the Party accused shall not appear on such Summons, or offer some reasonable Excuse for his Default, then upon Oath or Affirmation as aforesaid, by any credible Witness or Witnesse8, of any Offence committed contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, any such Magistrate or Justice shall issue his Warrant or Warrants for apprehending the Offender or Offenders within the Jurisdiction of any such Magistrate or Justice; and upon the Appearance of the Party or Parties accused, or in case he, she or they shall not appear on Notice being given to or left for him, her or them, at his, her or their usual Place of Abode, or if he, she or they cannot be apprehended on a Warrant granted against him, her or them, as is hereinbefore directed, then and in every such Case any such Magistrate or Justice is and are hereby authorised and required to proceed to make Inquiry touching the Matters complained of, and to examine any Witness or Witnesses who shall be offered on either Side, on Oath or Affirmation as aforesaid, and which Oath and Affirmation every such Magistrate and Justice is and are hereby authorised, empowered and required to administer, and after hearing the Parties who shall appear, and the Witnesses who shall be offered on either Side, such Magistrate or Justice shall convict or acquit the Party or Parties accused; and if the Penalty or Money forfeited on any such Conviction, shall not be paid within the Space of Twenty four Hours after any such Conviction, every such Magistrate or Justice shall thereupon issue a Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, directed to any Peace Officer or Officers within their respective Jurisdictions, and thereby require him or them to make Distress of the Goods or Chattels of the Offender or Offenders within such their reflective Jurisdictions, to satisfy such Penalty or Money forfeited, and the Costs of the Prosecution and Distress; and if any Offender should convey away his Goods out of the Jurisdiction of any such Magistrate or Justice before whom he or she was convicted, or so much thereof that the Penalty or Money forfeited cannot be levied, then some Magistrate or Justice within whose Jurisdiction the Offender shall have removed his Goods, shall back the Warrant granted by any such Magistrate or Justice as aforesaid, and thereupon the Penalty forfeited shall be levied on the Offender's Goods and Chattels by Distress and Sale; and if within Five Days from the Distress being taken, the Penalty or Money forfeited and Costs shall not be paid, the Goods seized shall be appraised and fold, rendering the Overplus, (if any, ) after deducting the Penalty or Forfeitures, and the Costs and Charges of the Prosecution, Distress and Sale, to the Owner or Owners thereof, which Charges shall be ascert^ined by the Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices before whom any such Offender or Offenders shall have been so convicted, or by the Magistrate or Justice who backed the Warrant, if then alive, and if not, by some other Magistrate or Justice of the City, County, Division or Place in which the Offender shall have been convicted, on Application for that Purpose to be made to any such Magistrate or Justice; and for want of such Distress, then every such Magistrate or Justice within whose respective Jurisdiction any such Offender or Offenders shall reside or be, shall, on the Application of any Prosecutor or Prosecutors, and Proof on Oath or Affirmation as aforesaid, made of the Conviction and Nonpayment of the Penalty and Charges, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal commit every such Offender or Offenders to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the City, County, Division or Place, where such Offender or Offenders shall be found, there to remain for the Space of One Calendar Month from the time of such Commitment, unless after such Commitment Payment shall be made of the said Penalty or Forfeiture, and Costs and Charges, before the Expiration of the said One Calendar Month; and all such Penalties and Forfeitures when recovered, shall be paid, One Half to the Informer, and the other Half shall be paid to the Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices of the Peace, and within Seven Days after his or their Receipt thereof, to be transmitted by him or them to the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Parish or Parishes where the Offence shall be committed, to be applied for the Benefit of the Poor thereof.

XV. And be it further enacted, That if it shall be made out by the Oath (or Affirmation as aforesaid) of any credible Person or Persons, to the Satisfaction of any Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, that any Person or Persons within the Jurisdiction of any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, is or are likely to give or offer material Evidence on behalf of the Prosecutor of any Offender or Offenders against the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, or on behalf of the Person or Persons accused, and will not voluntarily appear before such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, to be examined and give his, her or their Evidence upon Oath or Affirmation as aforesaid concerning the Premises, every such

Magistrate

A.D. 1819. 59° GEORGII III. C. 36.

Magistrate or Magi ft rates, Justice or Justices, is and are hereby authorised and required to issue his or their Summons to convene every such Witness and Witnesses before any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, at such seasonable time or times as in such Summons shall be fixed; and if any Person or Persons so summoned shall neglect or refuse to appear, after having been paid or tendered a reasonable Sum for his, her or their Costs, Charges and Expences, at the time by such Summons appointed, and no just Excuse shall be offered for such Neglect or Refusal, then after Proof upon Oath or Affirmation as aforesaid, of such Summons having been duly served upon the Party or Parties so summoned, every such Magistrate and Magistrates, Justice and Justices, is and are hereby authorised and required to issue his or their Warrant or Warrants, under his Hand and Seal or their Hands and Seals, to bring every such Person or Persons before any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices 5 and on the Appearance of any such Person or Persons before such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, every such Magistrate or Justice is and areherefjy authorised and empowered to examine upon Oath (or Affirmation) every such Witness; and if any such Person or Persons, on his, her or their Appearance, or on being brought before any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, shall refuse to be examined upon Oath (or Affirmation) concerning the Premises, without offering any just Excuse for such Refusal, any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, within the Limits of his or their Jurisdiction, may by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, or their Hands and Seals, commit any Person or Persons so refusing to be examined to the Public Prison of the City, County, Division, Liberty or Place, in which the Person or Persons so refusing to be examined shall be, there to remain for any time not exceeding Fourteen Days, as any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, shall order and direct.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall take any Oath (or Affirmation) by this Act directed to be taken, or be examined on Oath (or Affirmation) by virtue or in the execution of this Act, shall wilfully forswear or shall falsely affirm himself, herself or themselves, every such Person or Persons shall be subject and be liable to be prosecuted for Perjury by Indictment or Information, according to due Course of Law; and if convicted thereof, shall be subject and liable to the like Pains and Penalties which Persons convicted of wilful and ccflrupt Perjury are subject and liable to.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, before whom any Person or Persons shall be convicted in manner prescribed by this Act, shall cause every such Conviction to be drawn up in the Form or to the Effect following, (that is to say),

' t Wit 1 TIE it remembered, That on this Day of in the

' ° # J Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, A.B. is convicted before

Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County of or, for the

Division of the said County of or for the City, Liberty or Town, £as the case

may be] for and do adjudge him, her or them [as the case may be] to forfeit and pay for the fame the Sum of Given under Hand and Seal the Day and Year aforesaid/

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Certiorari, Letters of Advocation or of Suspension, shall be granted to remove any Conviction or other Proceedings had thereon in pursuance of this Act.

XIX. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That if any Person or Persons convicted of any Offence punishable by this Act, shall think him, her or themselves aggrieved by the Judgment of the Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, before whom he, she or they shall have been convicted, such Perl ons shall have Power from time to time to appeal to the Justices at the next General or General Quarter Se(fion8 of the Peace, which shall be held for the City, County, Division, Liberty, Town or Place, where such Judgment shall have been given, and that the Execution of such Judgment shall in such case be suspended, the Person so convicted entering into a Recognisance at the time of such Conviction, or within Twenty four Hours after the same shall be made, with Two sufficient Sureties, in double the Sum which such Person shall have been adjudged to pay or forfeit, upon condition to prosecute such Appeal with effect, and to be forthcoming to abide the Judgment and Determination of the Justices at their said next General or General Quarter Sessions; which Recognisance the Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, before whom such Conviction shall be made, is and are hereby empowered and required to take; and the Justices in the said General or General Quarter Sessions are hereby authorised and required to hear and finally determine the Matter of every such Appeal, and to award such Costs as to them shall appear just and reasonable to be paid by either Party; and if upon hearing the said Appeal, the Judgment of the Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, before whom the Appellant or Appellants shall have been convicted, shall be confirmed, such Appellant or Appellants shall immediately, or within Twenty four Hours afterwards, pay down the Sum he, she or they shall have been adjudged to have forfeited, together with such Costs as the said Justices, in their said General or General Quarter Sessions, shall award to be paid to the Prosecutor or Informer, for defraying the Expences sustained by reason of any such Appeal; and in default of the Appellants paying the fame, any Two Justices, or any One Magistrate or Justice of the Peace, having Jurisdiction in the Place into which any such Appellant or Appellants shall escape, or where he, she or they shall reside, shall and may, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, or his Hand and Seal, commit every such Appellant or Appellants to the Common Gaol of the City, County, Division or Place where he, she or they shall be apprehended, until he, she or they shall make payment of such Penalty, and of the Costs and Charges which shall be adjudged on the Conviction; but if the Appellant or Appellants in any such Appeal shall make good his, her or their Appeal, and be discharged of the said Conviction, reasonable Costs shall be awarded to the Appellant or Appellants again! such Informer or Informers, who would (in case of such Conviction) have been entitled to a Moiety of the Penalty to have been recovered as aforesaid, and which Costs shall and may be recovered by the Appellant or Appellants again! any such Informer or Informers, in

like

7*3

Witness refilling to attend on Summons;

Proceedings.

Persons refusing to be examined, Proceedings.

Persons forswearing themselves;

Perjury.

Form of Conviction.

Conviction not removeable.

Appeal.]

Recognisance.

Determination

final.

Costs.

Default of Payment, Proceedings.

Costs to Appellant making good his Appeal.

oQie

tw

If Conviction happen to be within Six Days of the Sessions, Appeal may then be made to the Sessions following.

Limitation of Actions against Justices or Peace Officers.

Certain Provisions of 24 G. 1, c. 44. extended to Magistrates acting under the Authority of this Act

Notice of Action, &c. against Peace Officer, &c.

[General Issue.]

Tender of Amends pleaded in Bar, and

In case of Nonsuit, &c.

Costs.

If no Tender of Amends, &c. Verdict for Plaintiff.

Limitation of other Actions.

[General Issue.]

[Treble Costs.]

Persons convicted under this Act, not liable to other Prosecution.

Application of Penalties.

G.36* 59° GEORGII III. A.D. 1819.

like manner as Costa given at any General or General Quarter Sessions are recoverable 5 provided always that* no Person shall be detained in Prison for any such Offence for a greater Length of time than Six. Calendar Months.

XX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any such Conviction shall happen to be made within Six Days before any General or General Quarter Sessions of the Peace shall be held for the City* .County, Division, Town Corporate, Borough or Place where such Conviction shall have been made, then the Party or Parties who shall think him, her or themselves aggrieved by any such Conviction, shall and may, on entering into Recognisance in manner and for the Purposes before directed, bo at liberty to appeal either to the then next or next following General or General Quarter Sessions of the Peace which shall be held for any such County, Division, City, Town Corporate, Borough, Liberty or Place, where any such Conviction shall have been made.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That every Action or Suit which shall be brought or commenced against: any Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, or any Peace Officer or Officers, for any Matter or Thing* done or committed by virtue of or under this Act, shall be commenced within Six Calendar Months after the Fad committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid or brought in the City, County or Place where the Matter in dispute shall arise, and not elsewhere; and that the Statute made in the Twenty fourth Year of the Reign of King George the Second; ' intituled An Act for rendering Justices of the Peace more safe in the Execution of their Office, and for indemnifying Constables and others acting in obedience to theiis Warrants, so far as the said Act relates to the rendering the Justices more safe in the Execution of their Office, shall extend and be construed to extend to the Magistrate and Magistrates, Justice and Jaflices of the Peace, acting under the Authority or in pursuance of this Act 5 and that no Action or Suit shall be had or commenced against, nor shall any Writ be issued out, or Copy of any Writ be served upon any Peace Officer or Officers, for any thing done in the Execution of this Act, until Seven Days after Notice in Writing shall have been grrea to or left for him or them, at his or their usual Place of Abode, by the Attorney for the Party intended ta commence such Action, which Notice in Writing shall contain the Name and Place of Abode of the Person intending to bring such Action, and also of his Attorney, and likewise the Cause of Action or Complaint 5 and any Peace Officer or Officers shall be at liberty and may, by virtue of this Act, at any time within Seven. Days after any such Notice shall have been given to or left for him, tender or cause to be tendered any Sum or Sums of Money, as Amends for the Injury complained of, to the Party complaining, or to the Attorney named in such Notice; and if the fame is not accepted of, the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action or Actions may plead such Tender in bar of such Action or Actions, together with the General Issue or any other Plea* with Leave of the Court in which the Action shall be commenced; and if upon Issue joined on such Tender* the Jury shall find* Amends tendered to have been sufficient, they shall find a Verdict for the Defendant or Defendants; and in every such Case, or if the Plaintiff shall become nonsuit, or discontinue his Action, or i£ Judgment shall be given for the Defendant or Defendants upon Demurrer, or if any Action or Suit shall be brought after the tune limited by this Act for bringing the same, or shall be brought in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then and in every such Case the Jury shall find a Verdict for the Defendant or Defendants, and the Defendant or Defendants shall be entitled to his or their Colls; but if the Jury shall find that no such Tender was made, or that the Amends tendered were not sufficient, or shall find against the Defendant or Defendants on any Plea or Pleas by him or them pleaded, they shall then give a Verdict for the Plaintiff, and such Damages as they shall think proper, and the Plaintiff shall thereupon recover his Colls against every such Defendant or Defendants.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced against any other Person or Persons than a Justice or other Peace Officer, for any thing done in pursuance of this Act, the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action or Suit may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if it shall appear to have been so done, or if a Verdict shall be recorded for the Defendant or Defendants, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his, her or their Action after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if a Judgment shall be given upon a Verdict or Demurrer against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in other Cases by Law for the Recovery of his, her or their Costs.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Perfoir shall be convicted of any Offence under this Act, unless the Information, in order for such Conviction* shall be exhibited within Fourteen Days after the Offence committed (except in Cases of Perjury) 5 and that no Person who shall be prosecuted to Conviction for any Offence done or committed against this Act; shall be liable to be prosecuted for the fame Offence under any other Law.

XXIV. And be it also enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act inflicted, the Application of which is not hereinbefore directed, shall, when recovered or paid, go and be disposed of in manner following 5 (that is to say), One Moiety thereof, where any Offender or Offenders shall be convicted either by his* her or their Confession, or by the Oath (or Affirmation) of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, shall go and be paid to the Person or Persons who shall inform against and prosecute to Conviction any such Offender or Offenders; and the other Moiety thereof, or in case there be no such Person informing, then- the whole thereof, shall gp and be paid to the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the Parish or Parishes, for the Use of the Poor of the Parish wherein such Offence shall be committed, in such manner as the said Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor shall in his or their Discretion think fit.

A.D. 1819. 59° GEORGII IIl. 0.36, 37. 715

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That neither this Act of any thing contained shall extend Proviso for or be construed to extena to prejudice the ancient Right or Custom of the Two Universities of Oxford or Rights Cambridge or either of them, or their or either of their Clerks of the Market, or the Practice within the federal ^versiues, c. Jurisdictions of the said Universities, or either of them, used, to set, ascertain and appoint the Assize and Weight

of all Sorts of Bread to be sold or exposed to sale within their several Jurisdictions; but that they and every of them shall and may severally and respectively from time to time, as there shall be Occasion, set, ascertain and appoint, within their several and respective Jurisdictions, the Assize and Weight of all Sorts of Bread to be sold or exposed to sale by any Baker or other Person whatsoever within the Limits of their several Jurisdictions, and shall and may inquire into and punish any Breach thereof fully and freely in all respects, as they used to do, and as if this Act had never been made; any thing herein contained to the Contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and take effect from and immediately Commence-

after One Calendar Month from the passing^thereof. ment of ^ct*

[Public Act.]

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

CAP. XXXVII.

An Act for further regulating the Qualification of Members to serve in the United Parliament of Great Britain and Ireland.

[14th 1819.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of Her late Majesty Queen Anne, inti-9 Ann. c. 5.

tuled An Act for securing the Freedom of Parliament, by the further qualifying the Members to fit in the § lm House of Commons, it was among (I other Things enacted, that no rerson mould be capable to fit or vote as a Member of the House of Commons, for any County, City, Borough or Place, within that Part of Great Britain called England, the Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick on Tweed, who should not have an Estate, Freehold or Copyhold, for his own Life, or for some greater Estate either in Law or Equity, to and for his own Use and Benefit, of or in Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, over and above what would satisfy and clear all Incumbrances that might affect the fame, lying or being within that Part of Great Britain called England, the Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, of the respective annual Value therein limited: And Whereas by an Act passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reigaof His late Majesty 33 0.. c.ao. King George the Second, intituled An Act to enforce and render more ejfiSual the Law relating to the Qua- $I#.

Bfication of Members to fit in the House of Commons, it was enacted, that every Person (except as in the said Act is excepted) who should be elected a Member of the House of Commons should, at the time; and in the manner therein directed, produce and deliver to the Clerk of the said. House, at the Table of the said House, a Paper or Account, signed by such Member, containing- the Names of the Earishes, Township,

Pfrecinfts and Counties, in which the Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments lay, whereby such Member should make out his Qualification 5 and should also take and fohfonbe the Oath in the said last recited Act mentioned and contained: And Whereas an Act was made in the Forty first Year of the Reign, of His 4* G« 3«01.

present Majesty, intituled An Act for regulating, until the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and two, the Trial of Controverted EkSions or Returns of Members to feme in the United Parliament of Great Britain and Ireland, for that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, and for regulating the Qualification of Members to serve in the said United Parliament: And Whereas it is just and expedient that the Provisions of the last recited Act, so far as relates to the Possession of Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments within Ireland, as: a Qualification for Members to serve in Parliament for Places within England and Wales, should be extended to Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments within Scotland: Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, n this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be sufficient that such The Lands Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, whereby any Person who: from and after the passing of this Act shall he whereby any lested a Member of the House of Commons of the Parliament of the said Utaited Kingdom, for any County, Ferson shaft 2ity, Borough, Cinque Port, Town or Place within that Part of the said United Kingdom callea England, r the Dominion of Wales, or the Town of Berwick upon Tweed\ or within that Part of the fold United King- to Krye w a dom called Ireland, shall make out his Qualification in manner by the said Acts of the Ninth Year of the Member for Reign of Her late Majesty Queen Anne, and the Thirty third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, directed, any Place in shall lie or be either within that Part of the said United Kingdom called England, or the Dominion of Wales, ?n?^d or or the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, or within that Part of the said United Kingdom called Scotland, or within that Part of the said United Kingdom called Ireland; any Thing in the said Acts passed in the Ninth Year nuigland^gaetr of the Reign of Her late Majesty Queen Anne, or in the said Act passed in the Thirty third Year of the Reign UndfosiMawL of His late Majesty King George the Second, to the contrary notwithstanding.

Dy

7i 6 C. 38.

59° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1819.

Convention dated aoth Oct. 1818.

His Majesty in Council may make Regulations for carrying the Convention into effect.

Foreigners and Persons in Foreign Vessels not to fish ^within a certain Distance of any British Harbour in America not included in the Limits prescribed by the Convention.

[Penalty.]

Proviso for Vessels of Powers entitled thereto by Treaty. American Fishermen may enter such Harbours for Purposes herein mentioned, subject to such Regulations as may be issued to prevent the Abuse of the Treaty.

RefUsing upon Requisition, to

CAP. XXXVIII.

An Act to enable His Majesty to make Regulations with respect to the taking and curing Fish on certain Parts of the Coasts of Newfoundland, Labrador, and His Majesty's other Possessions in North America, according to a Convention made between His Majesty and the United States of America.

[14th June 1819.]

WHEREAS a Convention between His Majesty and the United States of America was made and signed

at London, on the Twentieth Day of 0Sober One thousand eight hundred and eighteen; and by the

First Article of the said Convention, reciting that Differences had arisen respecting the Liberty claimed

by the United States for the Inhabitants thereof to take, dry and cure Fish in certain Coasts, Bays, Har-

hours and Creeks of His Britannic Majesty's Dominions in America, it is agreed, that the Inhabitants of the said United States shall have for ever, in common with the Subjects of His Britannic Majesty, the Liberty to take Fish of every Kind on that Part of the Southern Coast of Newfoundland which extends from Cape Ray to the Rameau Islands, on the Western and Northern Coasts of Newfoundland, from the said Cape Ray to

the Quirpon Islands, on the Shores of the Magdalen Islands, and also on the Coasts, Bays, Harbours and 1 Creeks from Mount Joly on the Southern Coasts of Labrador, to and through the Straits of Belleijle9 1 and thence northwardly indefinitely along the Coast, without Prejudice however to any of the exclusive

Rights of the Hudfonys Bay Company; and it was also by the said Article of the said Convention agreed*

that the American Fishermen should have liberty for ever to dry and cure Fish in any of the unsettled Bays,

Harbours and Creeks of the Southern Part of the Coast of Newfoundland above described, and of the Coast of Labrador, but that so soon as the fame, or any Portion thereof, should be settled, it should not be lawful for the said Fishermen to dry or cure Fish at such Portion so settled, without previous Agreement for such Purpose with the Inhabitants, Proprietors or Possessors of the Ground: And Whereas it is expedient that His Majesty should be enabled to carry into execution so much of the said Convention as is above recited,

and to make Regulations for that Purpose Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty, by and with the Advice of His Majesty's Privy Council, by any Order or Orders in Council, to be from time to time made for that Purpose, to make such Regulations, and to give such Directions, Orders and Instructions to the Governor of Newfoundland, or to any Officer or Officers on that Station, or to any other Person or Persons whomsoever, as shall or may be from time to time deemed proper and necessary for the canning into Effect the Purposes of the said Convention, with relation to the taking, drying and curing of Fish by Inhabitants of the United States of America, in common with British Subjects, within the Limits set forth in the said Article of the said Convention, and hereinbefore recited; any Act or Acts of Parliament, or any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons, not being a natural born Subject of His Majesty, in any Foreign Ship, Vessel or Boat, nor for any Person in any Ship, Vessel or Boat, other than such as shall be navigated according to the Law-s of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, to fish for, or to take, dry or cure any Fish of any Kind whatever, within Three Marine Miles of any Coasts, Bays, Creeks or Harbours whatever, in any Part of His Majesty's Dominions in America, not included within the Limits specified and described in the First Article of the said Convention, and hereinbefore recited; and that if any such Foreign Ship, Vessel or Boat, or any Persons on board thereof, shall be found fishing, or to have been fishing, or preparing to fish within such Distance of such Coasts, Bays, Creeks or Harbours, within such Parts of His Majesty's Dominions in America out of the said Limits as aforesaid, all such Ships, Vessels and Boats, together with their Cargoes, and all Guns, Ammunition, Tackle, Apparel, Furniture and Stores, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized, taken, sued for, prosecuted, recovered and condemned by such and the like Ways, Means and Methods, and in the fame Courts, as Ships, Vessels or Boats may be forfeited, seized, prosecuted and condemned for any Offence against any Laws relating to the Revenue of Customs, or the Laws of Trade and Navigation, under any Act or Acts of the Parliament of Great Britain, or of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; provided that nothing in this Act contained shall apply, or be construed to apply to the Ships or Subjects of any Prince, Power or State in Amity with His Majesty, who are entitled by Treaty with His Majesty to any Privilege of taking, drying or curing Fish on the Coasts, Bays, Creeks or Harbours, or within the Limits in this Act described.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Fisherman of the said United States to enter into any such Bays or Harbours of His Britannic Majesty's Dominions in America as are last mentioned, for the purpose of Shelter and repairing Damages therein, and of purchasing Wood and of obtaining Water, and for no other Purpose whatever; subject nevertheless to such Restrictions as may be necessary to prevent such Fishermen of the said United States from taking, drying or curing Fish in the said Bays or Harbours, or in any other manner whatever abusing the said Privileges by the said Treaty and this Act reserved to them, and as shall for that Purpose be imposed by any Order or Orders to be from time to time made by His Majesty in Council under the Authority of this Act, and by any Regulations which shall be issued by the Governor or Person exercising the Office of Governor in any such Parts of His Majesty's Dominions in America, under or in pursuance of any such Order in Council as aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, upon Requisition made by the Governor of Newfoundland, or the Person exercising the Office of Governor, or by any Governor or Person exercisin^ the

A.D. 1819. 59° GEORGII III. C. 38, 39, 40. 717

Office of Governor, in any other Parts of His Majesty's Dominions in America as aforesaid, or by any Officer or remove, or dis-.

Officers acting under such Governor or Person exercising the Office of Governor, in the Execution of any Orders;

Orders or Instructions from His Majesty in Council, shall refuse to depart from such Bays or Harbours; or if

any Person or Persons shall refuse or neglect to conform to any Regulations or Directions which shall be made or

given for the Execution of any of the Purposes of this Act; every such Person so refusing or otherwise offending

against this Act shall forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, to be recovered in the Superior Court of Judi- Penalty.

cature of the Island of Newfoundland, or in the* Superior Court of Judicature of the Colony or Settlement

within or near to which such Offence shall be committed, or by Bill, Plaint or Information in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; One Moiety of such Penalty to belong to His Majesty, His

Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to such Person or Persons as shall sue or prosecute for the fame: Provided always, that any such Suit or Prosecution, if the fame be committed in Newfoundland, or in Limitation of any other Colony or Settlement, shall be commenced within Three Calendar Months; and, if commenced in

any of His Majesty's Courts at Westminster, within Twelve Calendar Months from the time of the Commission

of such Offence.

CAP. XXXIX.

An Act for the more frequent Payment, into the Receipt of the Exchequer at Westminster, of Monies arising from the Duties of Customs, Excise, Stamps and Postage in England.

[14th June 1819.]

WHEREAS all and every the Monies arising by the several Revenues of Customs, Excise, Stamps and Postage, in England, are by Law required to be paid from time to time weekly into the Receipt c of the Exchequer at Westminster, by means of Orders made by the Receivers General of the said Duties respectively, upon the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, pursuant to the Directions contained in Four several Acts of Parliament made in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled 46 G. 3. c. 75.

4. An Act for the better Regulation of the Office of Receiver General of the Duties of Excise in England; An Act 46 G. 3. c. 76.

for the better Regulation of the Office of Receiver General of the Stamps in England; An Act for the better Regu- 46 G. 3. c. 83.

lation of the Office of Receiver General of the Post Office in England; and An Act for the better Regulation of the^c 150.

Office of Receiver General of the Duties of Customs in Great Britain: And Whereas it is expedient that such Payments into the Receipt of the Exchequer should be more frequently made : Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and Receivers after the passing of this Act the several and respective Receivers General of the Revenues of Customs, Excise, General of the Stamps and Postage in England respectively, and the other proper Officers in that behalf respectively, shall in Revenue, in Manner and Form as directed by the said several recited Acts of the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty's J^Tecited1 Reign, and they are hereby respectively required and strictly enjoined to pay or cause to be paid into the Re- Acts^ to make ceipt of the Exchequer at Westminster on such Days in every Week respectively, as the Lord High Treasurer Payments into of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of the the Exchequer laid United Kingdom, or any Three or more of the said Commissioners of the Treasury, shall, from time to ?n such time, direct, order or appoint, all and every the Monies arising in Great Britain by the several Rates and " ^Treasurr Duties of Customs, Excise, Stamps and Postage received by or through the said Receivers General of the direct said Revenues respectively, and afterwards paid by the said Receivers General respectively into the Bank of England, as directed by the said several recited Acts respectively 2 Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be deemed orconftrued to extend to repeal or alter the said recited Acts of the Forty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or any of them, except so far as is expressly provided by this Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, amended or repealed by any Act or Acts Act may be

to be passed in this Session of Parliament. altered, &c.

this Session.

CAP. XL.

An Act tofecure Spiritual Persons in the Possession of Benefices in certain Cases.

[14th June 1819.]

WHEREAS certain Spiritual Persons having been possessed of Two Benefices, which they were lawfully entitled to hold together by virtue of a Dispensation granted by the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, and confirmed under the Great Seal, have afterwards, without having resigned or otherwise vacated One of the Benefices so held by them, obtained a new Dispensation to hold another Benefice with One of those Benefices of which they were before possessed, and have thereupon been put into the Possession of such other Benefice, by Nomination, Licence, Institution, Collation and Induction, as the Nature of the said Benefice might require: And Whereas Doubts have arisen whether, for want of the previous Resignation or other Vacation by such Spiritual Persons of such One of the Benefices before possessed by them by Dispensation, as was not intended to be held with the last taken Benefice, the subsequent Dispensation was valid in Law, and whether not only the Benefice intended to be made void, but also the other Benefice so previously possessed by such Spiritual Persons, and intended to be held by them with the other Benefice by virtue 01 such subsequent Dispensation, have not been rendered void: And Whereas it would be most injurious to the Spiritual Persons who now hold Benefices which may have been so inadvertently rendered void, and to the Patrons of the said Benefices, by means of Lapse to the Bishop, or the Archbishop,

4 or the Crown, if Advantage of such Avoidance should be taken; wherefore, and for the Relief of such 59 Gjeo. III. 4 Z 4 Spiritual

?i8

Securing Benefices in certain Cases where Dispensation is granted for holding another Benefice therewith.

Incumbents of such Benefices to enjoy the Emoluments.

And all Acts mnd Deeds done by such Spiritual Person vfrlfd.

Proviso for Bight of Patron to nominate to such Benefices on Death or Besignation, &c. of Incumbent.

Officers of Health annually to be appointed at Vestries by Inhabitants of Parishes in Cities and large Towns.

Officers to act without Salary. Sums requisite for Execution of this Act to be raised by parochial Rates. Expenditure -accounted for.

C*4oy4*. 59 GEORGII III. A.D. 1819.

Spiritual Persons and Patron*, Be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That in every Case which has occurred before the passing of this Act, where a Spiritual Person hdl obtained a Dispensation to hold a Benefice to which he had been nominated, presented, or was to be licenced or collated, with a Benefice which he had held: with another Benefice by virtue of a former Dispensation, without having in due time before resigned or otherwise vacated the other Benefice included in the former Dispensation, and where, for want of such previous Resignation or Vacation, the Benefice held by such Spiritual Person by the former Difpeirfatiow, and intended to be secured to him by the subsequent Dispensation, may have been rendered void, k shall not be lawful for The King's Most Excellent Majesty, or any other Patron or Patrons, or for His said Majesty, or any Archbishop or Bishop, having the Right of Nomination, Presentation, Licence or Collation, by reason of Lapse or otherwise, to any Benefice which may have been so rendered void, to nominate, present, license or collate to any such Benefice by reason of the fame having been rendered void iff the manner before mentioned.

II. And be it further enacted, That every Spiritual Person now holding a Benefice, which may have been rendered void at any time before the passing of this Act, in the manner before mentioned, shall and may, notwithstanding such Avoidance thereof, continue henceforth to hold and enjoy the fame, and the Fruits, Advantages, Emoluments and Profits thereof, and shall be and be taken to be, to all Intents and Purposes in the Law whatsoever, the lawful Incumbent thereof, in the same manner as if the Resignation or other Vacation of the other Benefice held therewith by virtue of the former Dispensation had been duly made prior to the subsequent Dispensation, and such subsequent Dispensation had been good and valid in Law; and that every Spiritual Person now holding a Benefice, which may have been so rendered void, shall, notwithstanding such Avoidance, be taken to have been the lawful Incumbent thereof ftnee such Avoidance happened, to all Intents and Purposes in the Law whatsoever; and that all Acts and Deeds whatsoever, which have been done, performed and executed by the Spiritual Person or Persons now holding, or who shall have held any such Benefice flnee the Avoidance thereof, in the manner before mentioned, shall be as valid and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes in the Law whatsoever, as if stich Avoidance had not taken place; any Law, Statute, Canon, Usage or Cuttom to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding; it being the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, to place the aforesaid Spiritual Persons, whose Benefices have or may have become void in the manner before mentioned, precisely in the fame Situation, to all Intents and Purposes in the Law whatsoever, as if no such Avoidance had taken place.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prevent the Patron or Patrons of any Benefice, which may have been rendered void in the manner before mentioned, from nominating, presenting, licensing or collating to such Benefice, on the Death, Resignation or Cession, or other lawful Cause of Avoidance of or by the Spiritual Person now holding any such Benefice, in the same manner as if this Act had not passed 5 save and except as to the Avoidance made before the passing of this Act, in the Manner and under the Circumstances particularly mentioned and set forth herein.

CAP. XLI.

An Act to establish Regulations for preventing Contagious Diseases in Ireland.

[14th June 1819J

WHEREAS it has become highly expedient to provide for and secure constant Attention to the Health and Comforts of the Inhabitants of Ireland\ and for the Prevention of Contagious Disease,

more especially in the Cities and great Towns thereof; and that for that Purpose Officers of Health should be annually appointed in all Cities and large Towns, and that such Officers should alffi be appointed in such Towns, Parishes and Villages in the Country, as shall think it proper or

necessary to adopt such a Measure 5' Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That within One Calendar Month next after the passing of this Act, and within One Calendar Month after the Twenty fifth Day of March in the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty, and in every subsequent Year, in every City and Town in Ireland, which shall contain One thousand Inhabitants, or upwards; and in every City and large Town where the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland shall think fit to direct that this Act shall be carried into effect, the Inhabitant Householders of each and every Parish in such City or Town, assembled in Vestry, shall and they ate hereby required to elect and appoint any Number of Persons not less than Two, and not more than Five, to be Officers of Health for such Parish, for the Year ending on the Twenty fifth Day of March next after such Election* and until new Officers of Health shall be in like manner appointed for such Parish for the Year ensuing.

J I. And be it further enacted, That such Officers of Health, so to be elected and appointed, shall act in the Execution of this Act without any Salary, Fee or Reward whatsoever; and that the Expences to be incurred by such Officers in the Execution of their Duties under this Act, not exceeding such Sums as shall be specified and determined on, and limited and ditefted at the Vefb-y to be assembled for the Choice of such Officers, or at any subsequent Vestry to be called by the said Officers, shall be raised and levied on the Inhabitants of such Parish, in such Manner and Form as other parochial Assessments are raised and levied, and shall by the said Officers of Health be applied to the Purposes of this Act; and the Expenditure thereof shall be accounted for by the said Officers in such manner as other parochial Assessments are accounted for* and either at such times as other AssesstnentS are accounted for according to Law, or at such other times and

R^riods

A.D. 181-g. 59° HI. 0.41. 719

Periods of the Year, and as often from time to time as shall be directed at the Vqflry to be assembled for the Appointment of such Officers, or at any other Vestry to be called by Two Inhabitants of such Parish;

and that Copies of all such Accounts shall once in every Year, before the Twenty fifth Day of April in Copies of Ax-

each Year, be transmitted by such Officers of Health to such Public Officer, or Office or Place in Dublin, counts tew

as shall be from time to time directed by the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of

Ireland for the time being, or his or their Chief Secretary.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Inhabitant Householders of any Parishes in any

Parish, Town or Place whatever, in Vestry assembled, m any Part of Ireland, to appoint such Officers of Part of lrel^nd Health for such Parish, in case they shall think fit and expedient so to do 5 and to raise such Sum and PPoint Sums of Money to be levied and accounted as directed by this Act, in like manner as by this Act is required.and to be done in Cities and large Towns as aforesaid.* °ney*

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Person shall be compelled or compellable to ad or serve No Person

as such Officer of Health, in any Parish or Place, for any longer Term than One Year, nor to ad or serve as compellable such Officer for any Year commencing within Three Years after the End of any Year for which he shall have?*longer served as aforesaid. than .Jear, 4c.

V. Provided also, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Inhabitant Householders of Churrhwwfa — any Parish in any County, City, Town or Place in Irelandf to elect the Churchwardens of such Parish for nj^elected the time being to be Officers ot Health under this Act, in case they shall think fit so to do; and it shall be Health lawful for such Churchwardens, and they are hereby authorised and required, to act as such Officers of

Health accordingly, under the present Provisions of this Act*

VI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That where any City or Town as aforesaid, containing One thousand On«Parish, Ac» Inhabitants, or where the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland shall direct this Act to be carried into execution, in case the Inhabitant Householders in any Parish or Parishes in such City f^t°ChBcw" or Town shall neglect or refuse to elect and appoint such Officers of Health, within such time as is required Sf^Heakli; by this Act, or as shall be required by any Order of such Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors, it shall and may be lawful for the Justices of the Peace assembled at the Quarter Sessions, or any Adjournment thereof, for the County, City or Town within which such Parish shall be situate, and the said

Justices are hereby authorised and required, to appoint such Officers of Health in and for such Parish, apd

also at the same time to appoint and limit what Sum shall be raised by Assessment on such Parish for the and limit and

Purposes of this Act, and such Sum shall and may* be raised and levied accordingly, in like manner as any* Money,

other Parish Assessments, and as if the fame had been authorised by the Vestrifcs of such Parishes, and shall be applied and accounted for in manner hereinbefore directed.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawfol for any One or more of the Persons so Powers of suds to be appointed Officers of Health, and he and they is and are hereby authorised, empowered and required, Offi<*rs

to cause and direct all Streets and Lanes, and all Yards and Courts adjoining thereto, and all Houses let in as

several Tenements to Room Keepers, and the Yards, Gardens or Places belonging to such Houses, to be Stwets

cleansed and purified, and all Nuisances prejudicial to Health to be removed therefrom; and all Public Houses, &c*

Sewers to be cleansed, and where necessary, to be covered over, and all Lodgments of Handing Water to be

filled up or drained off; and also to cause and direct all other Matters and Things to be done for the

Ventilation, Fumigation and cleansing of any House whatever, in which Fever or other Contagious Distemper

shall have occurred, and for the warning and purifying the Persons and Clothes of the Inhabitants of every such House, as shall appear to any such Officer of He2th to be indispensably necessary for the Preservation

and Security of the Inhabitants of such Parish against the Danger of Contagion, unless due Precautions shall have previously been taken for such Purposes by the Inhabitants of such House; and it shall be lawful Constables, &c.

for all Constables and Peace Officers, and they are hereby authorised, empowered and required, to be aiding "d.

and assisting to such Officers of Health in the doing all Matters and Things whatsoever in the Execution of

this Act.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in any Parish or Parishes in any City or Town where any such On want of Officers of Health shall be appointed as aforesaid, and where no Power or Authority is or shall be veiled in or!ower in given to Magistrates or Corporation of such City or Town, to regulate the sweeping and cleansing of the

Streets therein, and the collecting and disposing.of the Dirt, Dung and Filth of the said Streets, and; also Scavengers, &c. in any City or Town whatever, where the Scavengers or other Persons who shall be entrusted with or contract to cleanse for the cleansing and sweeping of the Streets, under the Direction of the Magistrates or Corporation or not, Streets, the shall neglect or omit to cleanse and sweep the Streets and, Lanes of such City or Town, twice at lead in Offers every Week, it shall and may be lawful for such Officers of Health to cause and direct such Streets to be onfer them^to swept and cleansed, and the Dirt, Dung and Filth collected from the same to be sold and disposed of, and the Produce thereof to be applied for the Purposes of this Act, and in diminution of the Charge on the Parish for which such* Officers shall be appointed: Provided always, that in all cases where the Magistrates or Where Magts* Corporation of any City or Town have or shall have Power and Authority to regulate the sweeping or trates have cleansing of the Streets, or where any Scavenger or other Person shall be appointed or shall have contract^d J^er» for that Purpose, the said Officers of Health shall give Twenty four Hours* Notice to the Chief Magistrate of such City or Town, and to the Scavenger or other Person contrafting for the cleansing of such Streets* of of Neglect the Neglect or Omission to sweep, and cleanse. the fame; and that at the Expiration. of such Twenty fo\ir to cleanse 'Hours, in case the said Streets shall not be duly swept and cleansed, it shall be lawful for the said Officers of Streets, &c. Health to cause the same to be swept and cleansed, and the Produce thereof to be disposed of as aforesaid, any Act, Charter, Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

4 Z 2 IX. And

720

Justices, Churchwardens, and Officers of Health, empowered to remove Beggars, &c.;

or commit to House of Cor* faction, &c.

Such Beggars, &c. to be cleansed, and Quarter Sessions may constitute unoccupied House, &c. to be a Place of Confinement for the above Purposes.

Resisting Orders of Justices, or Officers of Health;

[Penalty.]

If not paid. Imprisonment.

In Action for executing Act,

[General Issue.]

Costs,

S3 G. 3* c. 82.

57 o 3» c. J*

C. 41, 42, 43. 59° GEORGII III. A.D. 1819.

IX. And for the preventing the Danger of Contagion and other Evils, from the unrestrained Intercourse of (trolling Beggars, Vagabonds and idle poor Persons seeking Relief, be it enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for any One Justice of Peace within his Jurisdiction, or for any Churchwarden of any Parish in any City, Town or Place in Ireland, or for any Officer of Health appointed in any Parish in pursuance of this Act, and they are hereby respectively empowered and required, to apprehend all idle poor Persons, Men, Women or Children, and all Persons who may be found begging or seeking Relief, or drolling or wandering as Vagabonds within any Parish or Place, and to direct and cause all such idle Persons, Beggars and Vagabonds to be removed and conveyed out of and from such Parish and Place, in such manner and to such Place as the Nature of the Case may require; and it shall and may be lawful for any such Justice of the Peace, upon his own View, or upon the Complaint of any Churchwarden or Officer of Health, to commit any such drolling Beggar or Vagabond, or idle poor Person, to any Bridewell or House of Correction, or other public Place of Confinement, for any time not exceeding Twenty four Hours previous to their Removal or Departure out of such Parish; and it shall and may be lawful for any Churchwarden or Officer of Health in such Parish, during such Period of Twenty four Hours, to cause the Persons and Clothes of such idle poor Persons, Beggars or Vagabonds so committed, to be washed and cleansed; and it shall be lawful for the Justices of any County, City or Town assembled at any Quarter Sessions or Adjournment thereof, to conditute and appoint any suitable unoccupied Building to be a Bridewell or Place of Confinement for such idle Persons, Beggars and Vagabonds, with the Consent and Approbation of the Owner of such House or Building, and to apply to and agree with such Owner for such Purpose accordingly; and every Beadle, Condable and Peace Officer within their respective Didrifts or Jurisdictions, shall be and are hereby required to be aflidant to the said Justices of Peace, Churchwardens and Officers of Health, in such Apprehension, and Confinement and Treatment of such idle poor Persons, Beggars and Vagabonds, pursuant to the Provisions of this Act.

X. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall refid or oppose any Justice of Peace, Churchwarden or Officer of Health, in the Execution of the Powers of this Act, or in the doing or performing of any Matter or Thing in the Execution of this Act, every such Person or Persons so guilty of residing or opposing shall, on Conviction thereof before any Two Justices of Peace or Magistrates within their Jurisdiction, on the Oath or Affirmation of any One or more credible Witness, or on die Confession of the Party so offending, incur such Penalty, not less than Ten Shillings nor more than Five Pounds, as such Justices of Peace or Magistrates shall in their Discretion think proper to adjudge and inflict; or in failure of making payment of such Fine, such Offenders shall and may be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for any time not exceeding Three Calendar Months; and no such Conviction shall be quashed for Informality, nor shall be removed or removable by Certiorari or otherwise, nor subject to any Appeal whatever.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any Action shall be brought against any Person or Persons for anything done in the Execution of any of the Powers or Duties by this Act given or required, the Defendant or Defendants may in every such Suit plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence; and in every Case where the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Suit shall fail, the Court in which such Suit shall be carried on shall award Cods to the Defendant or Defendants. x

CAP. XLir.

An Act for raising the Sum of Twelve Millions by way of Annuities.

[21st June 1819.]

[This A8 is similar to former Acts.J

CAP. XLIII.

An Act to authorise the Receipt and Appropriation of certain Sums voluntarily contributed by the Most Noble John Jeffreys Marquis Camden, in aid of the Public Service.

[21st June 1819.]

WHEREAS the Most Noble John Jeffreys Marquis Camden did, on the Eighth of February in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, propose to the then Chancellor of the Exchequer, in the then didressed State of the Country, to pay, in aid of the Public Revenue for the Exigencies of the State, from the Fifth Day of April then next ensuing, whatever Fees, Perquisites or

Emoluments he might receive in right of his Patent Office of the of the Four Tellers of His Majesty's Exchequer, beyond the Sum which was enacted to be paid to each of the Four Tellers of the Exchequer by an Act passed in the Twenty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for establishing certain Regulations in the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, and beyond the Charge of the Edabfishment of the said Office: And Whereas the said Marquis Camden then dated, that it was not his Intention to resume or retain to his own Use, out of the Fees, Perquisites or Emoluments of his said Office, during the Period he might continue to hold the fame, any larger or greater Sum than the Amount so specified in the said recited Act: And Whereas the Sum of Eight thousand two hundred twenty five Pounds Eleven Shilling?, being the Surplus of such Fees, Perquisites and Emoluments over and above such Amount as aforesaid, for the Year ending on the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, was paid by the said Marquis Camden in aid of the Public Service of the said Year, under the Provisions of an Act passed in the Fifty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for continuing to His Majesty certain Duties on Malty Sugar, Tobacco and Snuff in Great Britain, and on Penftonsy Offices

and

A.D. 1819. 59° GEORGII III. C. 43, 44. 721

and Personal Estates in England; and for receiving the Contributions of Persons receiving Pensions, and holding Offices, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and seventeen; which Act has since expired 2 4 And Whereas it is highly expedient that a Memorial should remain, recording the just Sense entertained by

Parliament of the Public Spirit and disinterested Conduct of the said Marquis Camden, in making during his Life this large Sacrifice of Private Fortune to the Service and Necefiities of his Country; and it is also necessary that Provision should be made for carrying into effect the Intention of the said Marquis Camden Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, arid Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Treasury to Great Britain and Ireland, or any Three or more of them, or for the Lord High Treasurer of the United King- Pve Durec-dom of Great Britain and Ireland for the time being, to give such Directions as may be necessary for carrying into p011?10 -

effect the said Intentions of the said Marquis Camden, and from time to time for receiving and giving fuu and ri^niTeffbtf*sufficient Discharges for all such Surplus Fees, Perquisites and Emoluments aforesaid, as mall accrue by the Marquis virtue of the Patent to the said Tellerftiip of Marquis Camden, for the Period whiph has elapsed since the Camden's Expiration of the said Act of the Fifty seventh Year of His present Majesty, from Year to Year, during the Intention, time the said Tellerftiip shall continue to be held by him; and further to direct that all and every such Sum so contributed shall from time to time be paid into the Office of One of the Four tellers of the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer in Great Britain, and shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland,

CAP. XLIV.

An Act: to amend an Act passed in the Fifty seventh Year of His present Majesty, for the more effectual Punishment of Murders, Manslaughters, Rapes, Robberies and Burglaries committed in Places not within His Majesty's Dominions, as relates to the Trial of Murders, Manslaughters,

Rapes, Robberies and Burglaries committed in Hondurat, [S1st June 1819.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Fifty seventh Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for 57 G.*, c. 53.

the more effcQual Punishment of Murders and Manslaughters committed in Places not within His Majesty's § r*

Dominions, it was among other things provided and enabled, that from and after the passing of that Act,

all Murders and Manslaughters committed, or that shall be committed on Land at the Settlement in the Bay

of Honduras, by any Person or Persons residing or being within the said Settlement, shall and may be tried,

adjudged and punished in any of His Majesty's Islands, Plantations, Colonies, Dominions, Forts or Factories,

under or by virtue of The King's Commission or Commissions which shall have been, or shall hereafter be,

issued under and by virtue of an Act passed in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty, intituled An 46 G.3# a 54.

4 AS for the more speedy Trial of Offences committed in distant Parts upon the Sea: And Whereas Doubts have

arisen w hether in the said Settlements in the Bay of Honduras, there be a Fort or Factory to which a Commission may issue for the Trial of Offences under the said last mentioned Act: And Whereas by reason of such Doubts, and the great Delay and Difficulty of removing Offenders in Honduras for Trial to England,

4 or to any of His Majesty's Islands, Plantations, Colonies, Dominions, Forts or Factories, such Crimes do oftentimes escape unpunished; ' For Remedy thereof, be it enacted, by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, all Murders, Manslaughters, Rapes, Robberies and Burglaries committed, or that shall be committed on Land, at the said Settlement in the Bay of Honduras, may be enquired of, tried, heard, determined and adjudged, within the said Settlement in the Bay of Honduras, under or by virtue of The King's Commission or Commissions, under the Great Seal of Great Britain, to be directed to any such Four or more discreet Persons, as the Lord Chancellor of Great Britain, Lord Keeper or Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal of Great Britain, for the time being, shall from time to time think fit to appoint, in the same manner as is provided and enacted with respect to any Crimes directed to be enquired of, heard, determined or adjudged, under and by virtue of any Commission issued under and by virtue of the aforesaid Act of the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty, in any of His Majesty's Islands, Plantations, Colonies, Dominions, Forts or Factories.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners so to be appointed, or any Three of them, shall have such and the like Powers and Authorities for the Trial of all such Murders, Manslaughters, Rapes, Robberies and Burglaries, committed within such Settlement in the Bay of Honduras, as any Commissioners appointed or to be appointed under the said Act of the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty have, or would have, for the Trial of any Offences committed upon the Seas; and all Persons convicted of either of the said Offences so to be tried by virtue of any Commission to be issued according to the Directions of this Act shall be subject and liable to, and shall suffer all such and the fame Pains, Penalties of Forfeitures, as by any Law or Laws now in force Persons convicted of the fame respectively would be subject and liable to in case the fame were respectively enquired of, tried, heard, determined and adjudged, within any of His Majesty's Islands, Plantations, Colonies or Dominions, by virtue of any Commission made according to the Directions of the aforesaid Acts of the Forty sixth and Fifty seventh Years of His present Majesty, or either of them; any Statute, Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. Provided always, That nothing herein contained mall repeal or affect the Provisions of an Act passed in the Thirty third Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, intituled An Act to proceed by Commission of

Oyer

Certain Offences committed on Land in the Bay of Honduras, to be tried there under a Commission under the Great SeaL

Powers of the Commissioners appointed under such Commission. Pains, &c. to which Persons convicted liable.

Proviso for Stat. 33 H. 8. c. 13.

J22€.44, 45.

59° GEORGII M.

A.D. 18

4S i

50 G.^. C. 112

53 G. 3. c. 64.

5*

; Oter and Terminer against such Persons as shall corf eft Treason, et cetera, without remanchbg the same to be tried in tie'Shire where the Offence was committed-Act altered, Ac,

IV. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be .altered, amended or repealed by any Act or Acts

this Session. to be passed in this present Session of Parliament.

CAP. XLV.

An Act to explain and amend certain Acts relative to the Court of Session in Scotland.

[22d June 1819.]

WHEREAS % y an Act passed in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act concerning the Administration of Justicein Scotland, and Appeals to the House of Lords, it was enacted, that the Judges or Lords of Session should usually fit in Two Divisions, and the Loril President of the whole Court and Seven of the Ordinary Lords of Session should form One and the First of the said '4 Divisions, and the Lord Justice Clerk for the time being and Six of the Ordinary Lords of Session should

*form the other and the Second of the said Divisions: And Whereas by another Act passed in the Fiftieth

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for abridging the Form of extraSing Decrees of the Court of Session in Scotland, and for the Regulation of certain Parts of the Proceedings of that Court9 it was enacted, that the Three Junior Ordinary Judges of the First Division of the Court of Session, and the Two Junior Ordinary Judges of the Second Division, should be relieved from Attendance in the Inner House,

and should, from and after the passing of the said Act, not fit therein, but should fit as Lords Ordinary in the Outer House: And Whereas by another Act passed in the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the better Regulation of the Court of Session in Scotland, it was enacted, that the Three Junior Ordinary Judges of the First Division of the Court of Session, and the Two Junior Ordinary Judges of the Second Division of the Court of Session for the time being, should officiate as permanent Lords Ordinary, in the manner therein directed: And Whereas a Vacancy has arisen in the Second Division of the Court of Session by the Death of One of the Two Ordinary Judges officiating as permanent Lords Ordinary therein, and Vacancies may arise in either of the said Divisions by the Death or Resignation of some One or more of the Judges fitting in the Inner House, as well as by the Death or Resignation of fume One or more of the Ordinary Judges officiating as permanent Lords Ordinary therein 5 and Circumstances may arise which may make it desirable that a Judge fitting in the Inner House of One of the said Divisions should fit in the Inner House of the other of the said. Divisions; and it is expedient that the Power of His Majesty should be declared in such Cases: '. May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted and declared } and be it enacted and declared by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the: Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and.Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and Jay the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, upon a Vacancy arising by the Death or: Resignation of any of the Judges fitting in the Inner House in either of the said Divisions of the Court of.Session, to order.and direct, by a Warrant under His Majesty's Sign Manual, that any One of the Judges.fitting in the Inner House of the Dirifion where the Vacancy shall not have arisen {if such Judge shall desire it), shall fit in the Division where the Vacancy shall have arisen; and that the Vacancy thus created in the said. Division, from which the said Judge shall have, been removed, shall be supplied by the Senior Ordinary Judge officiating as a permanent Lord Ordinary in the Outer House, who shall thereafter be enabled to-fit in the Inner House of the said Division, although such Junior Judge shall not have been appointed to fit in the said ^Division; or if no Judge fitting in the Inner House of the Division where the Vacancy shall not have arisen, shall desire to fit in the Division where the Vacancy shall have arisen, that the Senior Ordinary Judge officiating as a; permanent Lord Ordinary in either of the said Divisions shall be enabled thereafter to- fit in the Inner House of that-Division in which the said Vacancy shall have arisen, although such Senior Judge shall not have been originally appointed to fit in the Division where such Vacancy shall happen.

II. And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That where a Vacancy shall arise -in either Division among the Ordinary Judges officiating as permanent Lords Ordinary therein, it shall and -may be lawful for His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, by a Warrant under His Majesty's Royal Sign Manual, to order and direct that the Senior of the Ordinary Judges officiating as a permanent Lord Ordinary in the Division where the Vacancy .shall not have arisen, if he shall desire it, and if he shall not desire it, then that the next Ordinary Judge officiating as a permanent Lord Ordinary in the Division where the Vacancy shall not have arisen, if such Ju<)ge shall desire it, fhalLfit in the Division where the Vacancy, shall have arisen; and where a Vacancy shall arise among the Ordinary-Judges officiating as permanent Lords Ordinary in the Second Division, then the Junior or last appointed Judge for the time being, of the Three Junior Ordinary JudgeS'Of the First Division, shall be appointed in manner directed by this Act to fit in the Second Division, and so long as he shall continue One of the-Two Junior Ordinary Judges therein, shall officiate as One of the permanent Lords Ordinary therein, in the manner directed by the said last recited Act.

III.: Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in the Case of the Removal of any of- the said Judges from the One of the said Divisions to the other of /the said Divisions, such Judge'shall have Rank and Precedence in the Division to which.he shall be removed according to and from the Date of his original Appointment to fit in the Division from which he shall be removed.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in the Case of the Junior or last appointed Judge of the First of the said Divisions.being removed to..the .Second Division-pursuant to this Act, it shall

/ be

In case of a Vacancy in the Inner House of either Division, a Judge may be removed from the one Division to the other.

IirVrhat Case -flenlor'Ordinary Judge officiating as a permanent Ltitd Ordinary may-si t.

Proviso in case of a Vacancy among the Judges officiating as permanent Lords Ordinary.

Proviso as to Rank and Precedence.

Proviso, in case

of the Junior r last appointed

A.D. 1819« 59° GEORGII III., C. 45, 46, 47* 733

be competent to the whole Court, or a Quorum thereof, to appoint the other Judges officiating as permanent Judge of the Lords Ordinary to officiate each Week by rotation as Ordinaries in the Bill Chamber and in Teind Process, Fim DnrtaVm and other Matters mentioned in the said raft recited Act, in the manner therein directed in the Case of- the bein£TSB*A* Death, Resignation, Sickness or necessary Absence of such Junior or last appointed Judge.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all other Cases where an Ordinary Judge Proviso In the

officiating as a permanent Lord Ordinary shall be removed from the One of the said Divisions to the other of other Cases of the said Divisions, it shall and may be lawful for the whole Court, or a Quorum thereof, to remit the Pro- under

cedes then depending before such permanent Lord Ordinary in the manner directed by the said last recited Act, in the Event of the Death, Resignation or Removal into the Inner House, of any of the said permanent Lords Ordinary.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act and the said Three recited Acts This Actjuad.

shall be construed together in the same manner as if this Act had made Part of the said last recited Act. recited Acts

6 construed

CAE. XLVL

together.

An Act to abolish Appeals of Murder, Treason, Felony or other Offences, and Wager of Battel, or joining Issue and Trial by Battel, in Writs of Right.

[226. June 1619.]

WHEREAS Appeals of Murder, Treason, Felony and other Offences, and the Manner of proceeding therein, have been found to be oppressive; and the Trial by Battel in any Suit, is a Mode of Tri5*unfit to be used; and it is expedient that the fame should be wholly abolished* Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of Ae Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from Appeals of and after the passing of this Act, all Appeals of Treason, Murder, Felony or other Offences, shall cease, Murder or determine and become void; and that it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons, at any time after other ^'enoe» the passing of this Act, to commence, take or sue Appeal of Treason, Murder, Felony or other Offence, 10 cease' against any other Person or Persons whomsoever, but that all such Appeals shall, from henceforth, be utterly abolished; any Law, Statute or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, m any Writ of Right now No Tenant re-depending, or which may hereafter be brought, instituted or commenced, the Tenant shall not be received to ceived to wage wage Battel, nor shall Issue be joined nor Trial be. had by Battel in any Writ of Right; any Law, Custom SfPf1*. "?T or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

of Right.

CAP. XLVII.

An Act to indemnify Persons who shall give Evidence before the Lords Spiritual and Temporal on the Bill for preventing Bribery and Corruption at the Electioa of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Barnftapley in the C6unty of Devon.

[22<J June 1819.]

WHEREAS the Commons of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled have passed a Bill,

intituled An Act for the preventing of Bribery and Corruption in the Eh Sion of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Barnstaple, in the County of Devon: And Whereas it is alleged that there

hath been notorious Bribery and Corruption at Elections of Burgesses, or to procure the Election of

Burgesses, to serve in Parliament for the said Borough of Bamflaph: And Whereas it is necessary to examine

as Witnesses at the Bar of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, in respect of such alleged Bribery and

Corruption, several Persons not having been Candidates or a Candidate for the said Borough: And Whereas the Evidence of such Persons may lead to Disclosures tending to expose them to penal Confluences:

And Whereas it is expedient to indemnify such Persons, as they are herein after indemnified, upon their truly and faithfully making such Disclosure and Discovery as herein after mentioned Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That for Persons im-the more effectually prosecuting the said Enquiry, that all and every Person and Persons, not having been plicated in Candidates or a Candidate for the said Borough, who may or hath been or may have been implicated or B, [lbery» not engaged in such alleged Bribery and Corruption, at or connected with any Election of Members to serve in Can-

Parliament for the said Borough of Barnstaple, and who shall be examined as Witnesses or a Witness at the amiiS as Bar of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal touching such alleged Bribery and Corruption, and who (Hall Witnesses and upon such Examination make a true and faithful Discovery and Disclosure, to the best of his, her or their making a faith-Knowledge touching all Acts, Matters and Things to which he, she or they shall be so examined, shall be, ful Disclosure, and he, (he and they is and are hereby freed, indemnified and discharged of, from and against all penal hidemnified. Actions, Forfeitures, Punishments, Disabilities and Incapacities, and all criminal Prosecutions, which he,

file or they may have been or may become liable or subject to, or which he, she or they may have incurred or may incur, at the Suit of His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, or any other Person or Persons, for or by reason or means of or in relation to any Act, Matter or Thing done or committed by such Person or Persons in respect of such alleged Bribery and Corruption, respecting or concerning which such Person or Persons shall be so examined as aforesaid, and shall make such true and faithful Discovery and Disclosure as aforesaid.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, that this Act or any thing herein contained shall not Not to extend extend or be deemed or construed to extend to give any Benefit or Advantage to, or to indemnify, free1 or 40 Person*

discharge

Evidence, or suppressing any Matter in Question.

In cases of Actions, Copies of Entries of Examination maybe given in Evidence.

discharge any Person or Persons from or against any Forfeitures, Penalties, Punishments, Disabilities or Incapacities, or any Prosecutions, who, being examined as aforesaid, shall give any false Evidence, or make any false Discovery, or suppress or refuse fully and truly to disclose any Act, Matter or Thing within his, her or their Knowledge, touching or concerning which such Person or Persons shall be so examined as aforesaid; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

III. Provided always, That it shall be lawful for all Persons who shall be so examined as aforesaid, upon any Action or Prosecution commenced or instituted, or to be commenced or instituted, of or in respect of any of the Matters to which they shall be so examined as aforesaid, to give in Evidence upon the Trial of such Action or Prosecution Copies of the Entries contained in the Journals of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal of such their several Examinations; and that such Copies shall be conclusive Evidence, upon the Trial of all such Actions and Prosecutions of the Fast of the Examination of such Persons, and of the Questions proposed to such Persons, and of the Answers given by them to such Questions.

CAP. XLVIII.

An Act to amend an Act passed in the Fifty fifth Year of His present Majesty, for granting to His Majesty the Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds towards repairing Roads between London and Holyhead by Chester, and between London and Bangor by Shrewsbury; and for giving additional Powers to the Commissioners therein named, to build a Bridge over the Menai Straits, and to make a new Road from Bangor Ferry to Holyhead, in the County of Anglesea.

[2d July 1819.]

44 55 G. 3. c. 152. 58 G. 3. c. 101. §23. 5 G. 3. c. 56. 15 G. 3. c. 69. 47 G. 3. c. xvi. fess. 1. recited.

Commissioners under 55 G. 3. c. 152. empowered to build a Bridge over the Menai Straits. §1. Water- way of 500 Feet. Roadway. §2. Power to make use of certain Common Lands in the Parish of Llandifilio,

and other Lands and Grounds where necessary, on making Compensation. §3. Power to cause certain Quarries to be opened, and Stone raised therefrom, on the North Eastern Coast of Anglesea. §4. Power to make an Ap- proach to the South East End of the Bridge from the Bangor Road. §5. Commissioners may purchase Porthaethwy or Bangor Ferry. §6. Bodies Politic and incapacitated Persons empowered to fell. Convey- ances at the Expence of Commissioners, and, on Request, attested Copies thereof to be delivered to Persons interested. §7. Satisfaction to be made to Persons felling. §8. If Parties cannot agree as to Purchase Money, a Jury to determine therein. §9. Sheriff or other Officers neglecting Duty, Penalty 20l. Persons summoned on Juries not attending. Penalty. Witnesses not attending, &c. PenSty. §10. Perjury. §11. No 44 Claim for Damage to be sustained, unless Notice thereof be given within Six Months. $ 12. Cases in which Expence of Jury and Witnesses to be paid by Commissioners. In what Cases such Expences to be paid by the Persons treating with the Commissioners. {13. Lands to be vested in the Commissioners, on Payment or Tender of the Value or Amount of Damages. §14. Verdicts of Juries to be recorded at Quarter Sessions of Anglesea. Fee for Inspection, &c. §15. Bargains and Sales to have the Force of Fines and Reco- veries. §16. Within 30 Days after the Bridge is completed, Commissioners to pay the Sum agreed for or awarded to be paid, &c. §17. Application of Purchase Money when amounting to or exceeding 44 200l. — §18. Application where Purchase Money is less than 200l. and above 20l. — §19. Applica- tion when Money is less than 2ol. — §20. In default of Title, Money to be paid into the Bank in the Name of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, subject to the Order of the said Court, on Motion or Petition. $ 21. Where any Question shall arise as to the Title to Money so paid into the Bank, the Person in Possession of the Lands, &c. shall be deemed entitled. §22. In 44 Cases of Incapacity, &c. Expences of Purchases to be paid by the Commissioners as the Court of Chancery shall direct. §23. Commissioners empowered to sell and convey Lands purchased by them,

and not wanted for the Purposes of this Act. Offer of Refale to be first made to the original Proprietors or Vendors. Price to be settled by a Jury, in case of any Difference. Affidavit of such Persons not agree- ing to repurchase. $ 24. No Persons, Carriages, Cattle, &c. not employed in the Construction of the Bridge, &c. to pass the said Straits otherwise than by the present Ferry, until the Bridge is completed.

Penalties. Justices of Peace for the County of Anglesea may hear and determine Complaints. If Penalties directed not paid, Distress and Proceedings. Penalties not to be enforced where the usual Ferry Tolls have been paid or tendered. §25. Compensation to be made by Commissioners to the Owner of Bangor Ferry. How assessed. §26. Destroying Works, Felony; mitigated to Petit Larceny. §27. Drawing any Timber other-'

wife than upon Wheel Carriages, See. Penalty. §28. Placing Rubbish upon the Bridge, &c. Penalty. §29.

The Bridge, when completed, shall be made over to the Commissioners under c. 30. ante. §30. Commissioners* may erect Turnpikes on the Bridge, and take certain Tolls. {31. New Road from the new Bridge in Anglesea M to Holyhead to be set out. Part of the Road between London and Holyhead to be repaired, & c. §32. Road from Porthaethwy Ferry to Holyhead vested in the Commissioners. Proviso, if the Trustees approve and the Creditors assent. §33. When new Road is completed, the Powers of 5 G. 3. c. 56. 15 G. 3. c. 69. and 44 47 G. 3. c. xvi. fess. 1. to cease, &c. §34. Mortgages of Tolls, &c. amounting to 2863l. to remain in force, §35.; and to be a Charge on the Tolls, bearing Interest at 5 per Cent. Commissioners to pay such Interest. §36. Surplus of Money, after paying Interest and Expences, to be applied in Discharge of the Mortgages. §37. Road to be made from Maltraeth Marsh to Llangefni, { 38., and also a Branch of

Road to Bodederny $ 39., to be deemed common Highways. §40. Embankment to be made on the Stanley Sandr9 and Swivel Bridges constructed over Penrhos River. Satisfaction to be made. Embankment.

and Swivel Bridges taken as Part of Road. §41. Persons to be appointed to open such Bridges for Passage

44 of

A.D. 1819. 59° GEORGII III. C. 48, 49. 725

" of Vessels. Persons not immediately passing, Penalty. §42. Road from Bangor Ferry to Holyhead given up by Commissioners under 55 G. 3. c. 152. to Commissioners under c. 30. ante. §43. Commissioners to

erect, &c. Turnpikes, and take Tolls. Tolls. Application of the Tolls. £ 44. His Majesty, &c. ex-

empted from Tolls. §45. Tolls payable only once a Day at the fame Turnpikes. Exceptions. Collector to deliver Ticket. §46. Toll payable at Four Gates only on the same Day. §47. Composition may be made for Tolls. §48. Additional Toll of 2s. a head for every Beall in the Drove above 20 passing the Bridge. §49. Powers given by 55 G. 3. c. 152. for obtaining Materials and making use of Lands, to extend to c. 30. ante. §50. Materials veiled in Commissioners. How Property to be Hated in Actions,

See. Commissioners may fell, &c. such Materials. $ 51. Commissioners empowered to take down Houses,

44 &c. making Satisfaction to Owners, &c. §52. Misnomer, or wrong Descriptions in the Schedule, not to

M prevent the Execution of 55 G. 3. c. 152. — §53. Inn to be built at Cae-Mon. When Owner of

Cae-Mon shall have completed such Inn, the Commissioners under 55 G. 3. c. 152. are to reimburse him.

44 §54. No Houses, &c. to be taken without Consent of the Owners, except such as are specified in the Schedule. §55. Bridge to be completed in Four Years, or Powers to cease. $ 56. Treasury to advance to the Commissioners under 55 G. 3. c. 152. any Sum not exceeding 123, 0001. for building the Bridge over the Menai Straits; which Sum shall be repaid with Interest at 5l. per Cent, per Ann. §57. Application of the Tolls. 500l. yearly retained for keeping the Bridge in Repair, and the Remainder paid in to the Exchequer, till the Money advanced is paid with Interest at 5l. per Cent, per Ann. c. 30. ante. §58.

LIX. AND be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Pollmaller General for the time Additional being, and he is hereby required, from and after the passing of this Act, to charge and levy on all Letters and Rate of Post-Packets conveyed by Poll to and from any Part of Great Britain and Ireland, or from any Part beyond the a8e to b P*d. Seas to any Place within Ireland, or from any Place within Ireland to any Place beyond the Seas, by the Way of Dublin and Holyhead, in addition to the Rates and Duties now payable by Law for the Conveyance by the Poll of such Letters and Packets, the Rates and Duties following; (that is to say), for a Single Letter and Packet, the additional Sum of One Penny; for a Double Letter and Packet, the additional Sum of Two pence; for a Treble Letter and Packet, the additional Sum of Three pence; and so in proportion an additional Sum of One Penny, according to the Rate of Increase of the Postage of Letters now established by an Act passed in the Fifty second Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for granting to His Majesty 5 a G. 3. c. 88.' certain additional Rates of P oft age in Great Britain; and all the Powers and Authorities given by Law for the Recovery of the Pollage of Letters shall be in force and applicable to such additional Duty hereby imposed, and the same shall be charged, paid and regulated by, and be subject to the same Rules, Regulations and Exemptions, as are now by Law in force as to the Rates and Duties payable on such Letters.

LX. And be it further enacted, That the Sum or Sums of Money arising from the said additional Rate Money arising of Pollage by this Act imposed, shall be paid over from time to time to the Receiver General for the time by additional being of the Revenue of the Poll Office, in the same Manner and at the same Time as other Sums of Money are directed to be paid over to him by an Act passed in the Fifty second Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled to An Act for granting to His Majesty certain additional Rates of Postage in Great Britain; and the said Receiver Receiver Go-General shall, at the times when he shall pay the other Rates and Duties by him received into the Receipt neral as by of His Majesty's Exchequer, pay over also into the said Receipt all such Sum and Sums of Money as shall 5* G. 3. c. 88. be received by him for or on account of the said additional Rate of Postage hereby imposed (the necessary Charges for paying, collecting and accounting for the fame being first deau6led), distinguishing the fame in his Accounts, and paying such Sum and Sums of Money for and on account of the said Commissioners appointed by the said Act of the Fifty ninth Year of His Majestys Reign; and the said Sum and Sums of Money so paid shall be carried to the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

Accounts of Receipts and Disbursements of Commissioners under the c. 30. ante, with a Report of the Pro- gress made in the Works to be laid before Parliament. When the Money advanced is paid off, Certificate thereof shall be published in the Gazette. §61. The Commissioners under 55 G. 3. c. 152. to render an Account to Treasury of Money advanced for building the Bridge over the Menai Straits, and to His Majesty and Parliament. §62. Penalties and Forfeitures, now to be recovered. §63. Conviction of Offenders. Form.

44 §64. Distress not unlawful for want of Form. Party aggrieved by Irregularity may recover Damages and Costs. §65. Plaintiff not to recover without Notice of Action, nor alter Tender of Amends. §66.

M Appeal to Quarter Sessions. Notice of Appeal. Sessions may mitigate Forfeitures. §67. Limitation of Actions. Where laid. Pleading. §68. Proceedings not removable by Certiorari. §69. When Bridge and Roads are completed, c. 30. ante, to extend to this Act. Exception. Schedules (A), (B). §70.

CAP. XLIX.

An Act to continue the Restrictions contained in several Acts on Payments in Calli by the Bank of England, until the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and twenty three, and to provide for the gradual Resumption of such Payments; and to permit the Exportation of Gold and Silver.

[2d July 1819.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Parliament of Great Britain, in the Thirty sevent h Year of the 37 G.3«c. 4$.

Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for confirming and continuing for a limited times the Restriction contained in the Minute of Council of the Twenty sixth of February One thousand seven hundred and ninety seven, on Payments of Cojh by the Bank; which Act was continued, under certain Regulations and Rellri6lions,

4 by another Act made in the said Parliament in the Thirty seventh Year aforesaid 5 and by an Act made in 37 G. 3. c. 91. 59 Geo. III. 5 A 4 the

38 G. 3. c. 1. 42 G. 3. c. 40.

43 G. 3.C. 18.

44 G. 3. c. 1.

54 G. 3. c. 99.

55 G. 3. C. 28.

3iS G. 3. c. 40. 38 G. 3. c. 37. c. a; , ante.

37 G. 3. C. 45.

37 G. 3.C. 91. amended by

38 G. 3. c. 1. and 43 G. 3.

C. 18. and also c. 23. ante continued.

Between Beb. 1, and oct. 1, 1810, Bank shall pay in Standard obid for Notes tendered to fttl Amount not less than the Value of 6c oz., calculated after the Rate of 4l. is. per oz.

Between Octr, 1820, and May 1, 1821, such Payments shall be made in Gold calculated after the Rate of 3L 19s. Cd. per oz.

Between May 1, 1821, and May r, 1823, such Payments shall be made in Gold calculated after the Rate of <31* 17s. ro£d.

But the Bank inky between Feb. J, and the Parliament of Great Britain in the Thirty eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, the Provisions contained in the said last recited Act: of the Thirty seventh Year, were amended and continued; and by an Act made in the Forty second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, the federal Provisions of the said Acts passed in the Thirty seventh Year aforesaid, so far a6 the same are amended and continued by the said Act passed in the Thirty eighth Year aforesaid, and also the recited Act of the Thirty eighth Year aforesaid, were further continued; and by an Act passed in the Forty third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, the several Provisions of the said Acts passed in the Thirty seventh Year aforesaid, so far as the same are amended by the said Act passed in the Thirty eighth Year aforesaid, and continued by the said Act of the Forty second Year, were further continued and amended; and by an Act made in the Forty fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, the several Provisions of the said Acts passed in the Thirty seventh Year aforesaid, so far as the same are amended by the said Act passed in the Thirty eighth Year aforesaid, and continued and amended by the said Act of the Forty third Year aforesaid, were further continued; and by several Acts passed in the Fifty fourth, Fifty fifth, Fifty sixth, and Fifty eighth Years of His present Majesty's Reign j the said recited Act of the Forty fourth Year has been continued, and is now in force, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen: And Whereas an Act was passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to refrain, until the End of the present Session of Parliament, the Governor and Company of the Bank of England from making Payments in Caffj under certain Notices given by them for that Purpose: And Whereas it is expedient that the Restrictions on Payments in Cash by the said Bank should be continued beyond the time to which such Restrictions are at present limited, and that a definite Period should be fixed for the Termination of such Restrictions, and that preparatory Measures should be taken with a view to facilitate and ensure, on the Arrival of that Period, the Payment of the Promissory Notes of the Bank of England in the Legal Coin of the Realm Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the several Provisions of the said hereinbefore recited Acts passed in the Parliament of Great Britain in the Thirty seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, so far as the same are amended by the said Act passed in the Parliament of Great Britain in the Thirty eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, and by the said Act of the Forty thud Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for continuing and amending the same, and also of the said hereinbefore recited Act of this present Session of Parliament, and each and every of the said Acts, shall be and the fame and every of them is and are hereby further continued, until the Fifft Day of May One thousand eight hundred and twenty three; and that from and after the said First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and twenty three, the Restrictions on Payments in Catti under the said several Acts shall finally cease and determine.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That at any time on or after the First Day of February One thousand eight hundred and twenty, and before the First Day of October One thousand eight hundred and twenty, whenever any Person shall tender to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England any Note or Notes of the said Governor and Company payable on demand, to an Amount not less than the Price or Value of Sixty Ounces of Gold, calculated after the Rate of Four Pounds One Shilling for every Ounce of Gold, and shall require such Note or Notes to be paid in Standard Gold, the Governor and Company of the said Bank of England shall, upon demand, pay and deliver to the Person tendering such Notes, such Quantity of Gold of the Fineness declared by Law to be the Standard of and for the lawful Gold Coin of the Realm, the fame having been first aflhyed and damped at His Majesty's Mint in London, as shall, at the said Rate of Four Pounds One Shilling for every Ounce of such Gold, Be equal to the Amount of the Notes so presented for Payment.

III. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That at any time on or after the First Day of October One thousand eight hundred and twenty, and before the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, whenever any Person shall tender to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England any Note or Notes of the said Governor and Company payable on demand, to an Amount not less than the Price or Value of Sixty Ounces of Gold, calculated after the Rate of Three Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Sirpence for every Ounce of Gold, and shall require such Note or Notes to be paid in Standard Gold, the Governor and Company of the said Bank of England shall, upon demand, pay and deliver to the Person tendering such Notes, such Quantity of Gold of the Fineness declared by Law to be the Standard of and for the lawful Gold Coin of the Realm, the fame having been first afiayed and stamped at His Majesty's Mint in London, as shall, at the said Rate of Three Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Sixpence for every Ounce of such Gold, be equal to the Amount of the Notes so prCfented for Payment.

IV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That at any time on or after the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, and before the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and twenty three, whenever any Person shall tender to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England any Note or Notes of the said Governor and Company payable on demand, to an Amount not less than the Price or Value of Sixty Ounces of Gold, calculated after the Rate of Three Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Ten pence Halfpenny for every Ounce of Gold, and shall require such Note or Notes to be paid in Standard Gold, the Governor and Company of the said Bank of England shall, upon demand, pay and deliver to the Person tendering such Notes, such Quantity of Gold of the Fineness declared by Law to be the Standard of and for the lawful Gold'Coin Of the Realm, the fame having beeh fhrft assayed and stamped at His Majestys Mint fti London, as shall, at the said Rate Of Three Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Ten pence Halfpenny for every Ounce of such Gold, be oqual to the Amount of the NdteS so prefonted for Payment.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Governor and Company of the said Bank of England, af any tithe between the said First Day of Fibrttary One thousand eight hundred and

A.D. 1819. 59° GEORGII III. C. 49. 727

twenty, and the said First Day of 0Bober One thousand eight hundred and twenty, to pay and deliver to Oct. 1, 1810, any Person who shall present Notes of the said Governor and Company of the said Bank, such Quantity of Payment* Gold of such Fineiiefs as aforesaid, and allayed and damped as aforesaid, as shall be equal to the Amount .at J*! of the Notes so presented, at any Rate less than Four Pounds One Shilling and not less than Three Pounds M j^Xi* Nineteen Shillings and Sixpence for every Ounce of such Gold; and in like manner at any time between the than 31.19s. so First Day of October One thousand eight hundred and twenty, and the First Day of May One thousand eight per 02., and ^hundred and twenty one, to pay and deliver such Gold at any Rate less than Three Pounds Nineteen Shil- between Oct. r, lings and Sixpence, and not less than Three Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Ten pence Halfpenny for every Ounce of such Gold: Provided always, that the Governor and Company of the said Bank of England shall m^yIat a* give Three Days' Notice in The London Gavotte of their Intention to make such Payments after such Rates, Rate less than ljpecifying the Rates at which such Payments shall be made; and provided also, that it shall not be lawful 3l. iys. 6d. and for the Governor and Company of the said Bank of England, at any time after making such Payments at not less than the Rates mentioned in any such Notice, to pay or deliver any such Gold at a Rate higher than the Rate^x/s- xcJd* mentioned in any such Notice 5 any thing in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That the Governor and Company of the Bank of England shall not Such Payment* be required or compelled to pay or deliver any such Gold, except in Ingots or Bars of the Weight of Sixty may be made in Ounces each, allayed and ilamped as aforesaid; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary not- In8ots of 60 o*. withstanding.

VII. Provided also, and be it&na&ed, That it shall and may be lawful for the Governor and Company of Fractional

the said Bank of England to pay any Fjra&ion less than Forty Shillings of any Sum so demanded above the Sums under Value of Sixty Ounces, in the lawful Silver Coin of the Realm. 4°* to be paid

VIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the Governor and Company of the Bank of England* ln s, lver Coin*

if they shall see fit, may at any time on or after the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and Bank may pay twenty two, pay or exchange the lawful Coin of the Realm for any Note or Notes of the said Governor and*

Company payable on demand 3 any Provides in the said before recited Acts, or in this Act, to the con- ai, rSiaa# txary notwithstanding.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Governor and Company of the Bank of England shall, from time Bank to de-to time after the passing of this Act, and until the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and twenty liver to Privy three, cause a true and perfect Account in Writing, to be taken and attested by the proper Officer, of the Council weekly average Amount of all Promissory Notes and Bills of the said Governor and Company which shall be in Cir-culation during every Week, from Monday until Saturday both inclusive, distinguishing the respective Deno- Amount of their mutations and Values of the several Notes and Bills, and the average Amount of the Notes and Bills of each Notes in Cir-Denomination and Value respectively so in Circulation, and to cause such Account to be transmitted and culationj delivered to one of the Clerks of- His Majesty's Privy Council, on the Tuesday in every Week next ensuing the Saturday to which such Account shall be made up; and the said Governor and Company shall also from and also taka time to time, in like manner, cause an Account to be taken and attested of the average Amount of all Pro- d publish in miflory Notes and Bills of the said Governor and Company which shall be in Circulation during every Quarter London of a Year ending on the Fifth Day of July, the Tenth Day of 0Bober* the Fifth Day of January, and the Ac-

Fifth Day of April m every Year after the passing of this Act, and until the First Day of May One thousand count, eight hundred and twenty three, distinguistung the respective Denominations and Values of the several Notes and Bills, and the average Amount of the Notes and Bills of each Denomination and Value respectively, and to cause such Quarterly Account to be published in The London Gazette within One Week next after the Rnd of each Quarter respectively.

X. And Whereas the Laws now in force against melting and exporting the Gold and Silver Coin of the Realm have been found ineffectual, and it is expedient that the Traffic in Gold and Silver Bullion (liquid ' be unrestrained* Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act it shall and may be Goldand lawful for any Person or Persons to export the Gold or Silver Coin of the Realm to Parts beyond the Seas, Silver Cola and also to melt the Gold and Silver Coin of the Realm, and to manufacture or export or otherwise dispose of the Gold or Silver Bullion produced thereby; and no Person who shall export or melt such Gold or Silver Coin, or who shall manufacture, export or dispose of such Bullion, shall be subject to any Restriction, Forfeiture, Pain, Penalty, Incapacity or Disability whatever, for or in respect of such melting, manufactureing or exporting the fame respectively; any thing in any Act or Acts in force in Great firitcun or Ireland to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XI. And for the removing all .Doubts and Uncertainties with respect to various Provisiona in divers ancient Statutes against. melting and exporting of Gold and Silver, be it further enacted, That so much of a Statute made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of King Edward the Third shall be repealed, whereby it is9E. 3* , et» provided, that no religious Man nor other shall carry any Sterling out of the Realm of England, nor Silver cc. x. J.

«n Plate, nor Vessel of Gold, nor of Silver, upon pain of Forfeiture of the Money, Plate or Vessel that he shall so carry without The King's Special Licence; and also that so much of the said Statute shall be repealed,

whereby it is provided that no Sterling Halfpenny nor Farthing be molten for to make Vessel , pr .any other

thing by Goldsmiths nor other, upon Forfeiture of the Money so molten, and that the Goldfcnith or other

which shall have so molten such Money shall be committed to Prison, and there shall remain till he shall have

yielded unto The King the One Half of that he hath so molten 5 and that also.so much of a Statute made in

the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of the said King Edward the Third shall be repealed, whereby it is 17 E.3. c.i-

accorded, and assented, that good and lawful Men shall be assigned in the ports of the Sea and (jlfewhere,

where need shall be, to make Search that no Silver be carried out of the Realm, neither in Money nor other-

wife, and that the said Searchers shall, have: the Third Part of the good Money which they shall End upon the

5 A a Sea*

ft7E*3'rt*2*

38 E. 3. st 1.«2.

5 R. a. st. v.

«.2. § I.

17 R. 2. c. I*

1 H. 4. c. 5.

3 H. 6. c. 6.

4H.7.C. 23.

13 & 14 a 2. €.31*

and all other Laws as herein mentioned relating to melting or Exportation of Gold and Silver Coin, &c. repealed.

6 & 7 W.3.

17* Si- & 7-

7 4 8 W. j.

c. 19- 5 6-

ttpnhed.

C. 49. 59° GEORGII III. A.D. 1819.

Sea, passing out of the Realm; and also that so much of the Statute of the Staple, or Ordinance of the Staples, made in the Twenty seventh Year of the said King Edward the Third, shall be repealed, whereby it is enacted, that none carry out of The King's Realm and Lands the old Sterling; and also that so much of the Statute made in the Thirty eighth Year of the Reign of the said King Edward the Third shall be repealed, whereby it is enacted, that none carry out of the Realm Gold or Silver, in Plate nor in Money; and also that so much of the Statute made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of King Richard the Second shall be repealed, whereby it is alTented and accorded, and The King enjoineth all manner of People, Merchants, Clerks and other, as well Strangers as Denizens, of what Estate or Condition they be, upon pain of as much as they may forfeit, that none of them upon the said Pain, privily nor openly, do fend nor carry, nor cause to be sent or carried out of the Realm, any Gold or Silver in Money, Bullion, Plate or Vessel, neither by Exchanges to be made nor in any other manner whatever, except the Wages of Calais and of other The King's Fortresses beyond the Sea, and especially excepted the Prelates, Lords and others of the fame Realm to whom sometimes it bchoveth necessarily to make Payments beyond the Sea, that of such Payments only they may make Exchange in England by good and fumcient Merchants to pay beyond the Sea, special Leave and Licence being therefore first had of our Lord The King, as well for the Exchangers as for the Person which ought to make the Payment, containing expressly the Sum which shall be so exchanged; and whereby it is alTented that the Merchants who so shall make the said Exchanges shall be diligently examined and sworn, in their proper Persons, as often as they shall have the said Licence, that they will not fend beyond the Sea any manner of Gold nor Silver under the Colour of the fame Exchange; and that if, after Proclamation of the said Ordinance, any Person be from thenceforth duly attainted that ne had caused to be sent or carried beyond the Sea any Gold or Silver, against the said Restraint and Ordinance, he Should forfeit to The King the same Sum so carried or sent; and also that so much of the Statute made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of the said King Richard the Second shall be repealed, whereby it is ordained and alTented, that no Groat or Half Groat shall be molten by any Man, to make any Vessel or other thing thereof, and that no Man shall fend English Money into Scotland, to change the fame in Money or for Money of Scotland; and also that so much of the Statute made in the Second Year of the Reign of King Henry the Fourth shall be repealed, whereby it is ordained and established, that if any Searcher of the King may and Gold or Silver in Coin, or in Mass, in the keeping of any that is about passing or upon his Passage in any Ship or Vessel to go out of any Port, Haven or Creek of the Realm, without The King's Special Licence, all that Gold or Silver shall be forfeit to The King; and also that so much of a Statute made in the Second Year of the Reign of King Henry the Sixth shall be repealed, whereby it is ordained and established, that no Gold or Silver shall be carried out of the Realm, upon pain of Forfeiture of the Value of the Sum of Money which shall be carried out of the Realm, to be levied of him that shall bring, carry or fend it out; and that he which efpieth the fame, and thereof giveth Knowledge to the Council, or to the Treasurer of England, shall have the Fourth Part of the Forfeiture lo due to The King; and also that so much of an Act made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of King Henry the Seventh, intituled An Act against carrying away of Coiny Plate, Vessels or Jewels out of this Realm, shall be repealed, whereby it is enabled, that no Person dwelling or inhabiting within this Realm pay or deliver wittingly by way of Exchange or otherwise, to any Merchant or other rerson, Stranger, born out of The King's Obeisance, for any Merchandises or Wares, or in any otherwise, any manner Pieces of Gtald coined in this Realm, or in any other Realm, or any Plate, Vessel, Mass Bullion nor Jewels of Gold wrought or unwrought, upon pain to forfeit and lose the double Sum or double Value of all such Money of Gold coined, Plate, Vessel, Mass Bullion or Jewel of Gold or Silver, paid, delivered or exchanged contrary to the said Act; and also that an Act made in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled An Act to prevent the Inconvenience arising by melting the Silver Coin of this Realm y shall be repealed, whereby it is enabled, that no Person or Persons shall wilfully melt or cause to be melted, any of the current Silver Money of this Realm, under the Pains, Penalties and Disabilities in the said Act mentioned; and the several recited Provisions of the said several Statutes and Acts, and the said recited Act of the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, and all and every other Law and Laws, Act and Acts in force immediately before the passing of the said last recited Act, whereby the Melting or Exportation of Gold and Silver Coin, or the Exportation of Molten Gold or Silver, or Bullion of Gold or Silver, was prohibited or rellrained, shall be and the same are and is hereby repealed, except only so far as relates to any Suit, Action or Information which at the time of the passing of this Act shall or may be depending, with relation to any Offence against the said Statutes or Acts respectively or any of them.

XII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, so much of an Act made in the Sixth and Seventh Years of His late Majesty King William the Third, intituled An Act to prevent counterfeiting and clipping the Coin of this Kingdom, shall be repealed, as requires the taking, administering, or Certificate of any Oath, that no Part of any Molten Silver intended for Exportation, was before the fame was molten the current Coin of this Realm, nor Plate wrought within this Kingdom; and also that so much of the said Act shall be repealed, whereby it is enacted, that if any Broker or Brokers, not being a Trading Gold-smith or Refiner of Silver, shall buy or fell any Bullion or Molten Silver, every such Person shall fuller for every such Offence Imprisonment for Six Months, without Bail or Mainprize 5 and also that so much of the said Act shall be repealed, as authorises the Wardens or Assistants of the Company of Goldsmiths of London, or any Two Justices of the Peace, to seize as unlawful Bullion any Molten Silver, which before the melting thereof was the current Coin of this Realm, or as requires any Offender in whose Possession unlawful Bullion shall be found, to prove on Oath that such Bullion was not the current Coin of the Realm; and also that so much of an Act made in the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King William the Third, intituled An Act to encourage the bringing Plate into the Mint to be coinedy and for the remedying the ill

State

7* 9

A.D. 1819. 59° GEORGII III. 0.49, 50, 51.

State of the Coin of the Kingdom, shall be repealed, as requires the taking, administering, or Certificate of any Oath, that no Part of any Molten Silver or Bullion whatsoever to be shipped for Exportation, was before the fame was molten the Coin of this Realm, nor Plate wrought within this Kingdom 5 and also that so much of the said last mentioned Act shall be repealed, as imposes any Penalty or Forfeiture or Incapacity on the Captain or Mailer of any Ship or Vessel, who shall knowingly permit or suffer Molten Silver or Bullion to be put on board his Ship or Vessel; and all the said recited Provisions of the said several Acts are hereby repealed accordingly.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be Nothing herein construed to extend to repeal or alter any Act or Acts, or any Part of any Act or Acts in force in Great shall extend to Britain or Ireland, so far as the same relate to the Prevention, Detedlion or Punishment of the Offences of repeal any Act clipping, washing, rounding, filing, impairing, diminishing, falsifying, scaling or lightening of the lawful Coin of the Realm; or to the inflidting any Pain, Penalty or Forfeiture on any Persons guilty of such the (Join of Offences, or guilty of buying or selling, or knowingly having in their Custody any Clippings or Filings of such this Kingdom. Coin; and that from and after the passing of this Act, before any Person or Persons shall transport or cause to be transported any Molten Silver whatever, Oath shall be made before the Wardens of the Company of Certain Oaths Goldsmiths in London, or one of them, by the Owner or Owners of such Molten Silver, and likewise by one to be taken on credible Witness that the fame is lawful Silver, and that no Part thereof was, before the fame was molten, ^o^f^olten Clippings of the current Coin of this Realm, which Oath the said Wardens, or any One of them, are and is silver or hereby required and authorised to administer, instead of the Oath required by the said recited Act of the Sixth Bullion; and Seventh Years of the Reign of King William the Third; and that from and after the passing of this Act, before any Person or Persons shall ship or cause to be shipped or* put on board any Ship or Vessel whatsoever, any Molten Silver or Bullion whatsoever, Oath shall be made before the Court of the Lord Mayor and Aldermen of the City of London^ by the Owner or Owners of such Molten Silver or other Bullion whatsoever, and likewise by Two or more credible Witnesses, that no Part of such Molten Silver or Bullion was, before the fame was molten, Clippings of the Coin of this Realm; which Oath the said Court of the said Lord Mayor to be adminis-and Aldermen of the said City of London are hereby required and authorised to administer, inllead of the Oath tered by Court required by the said recited Act of the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of King William the Third; and that act the Powers, Authorities, Rules, Regulations and Provisions in the said several Acts contained, of shall continue and be in force with relation to the Clippings of the Coin of the Realm, and with relation to the instead of the Exportation of any Molten Silver or Bullion whatsoever, which before the melting thereof was Clippings of Oath of 7 & 8 the Coin of the Realm, and in all other respects whatever, except only so far as the same are expressly W.3. c. 19. repealed or altered by this Act; any thing in this Act before contained to' the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

CAP. L.

An Act to amend the Laws respectine the Settlement of the Poor, so far as regards renting Tenements.

[2d July 1819.]

WHEREAS many Disputes and Controversies have arisen respecting the settling of poor People, in

Parishes in England, by the renting of Tenements; Be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act no Person Settlement shall acquire a Settlement in any Parish or Township maintaining its own Poor in England, by or by reason of .not l> his or her dwelling for Forty Days in any Tenement rented by such Person, unless such Tenement shall confill ac^", red jv of a House or Building within such Parish or Township, being a separate and distinct Dwelling House or Tenenrent^ Building, or of Land within such Parish or Township, or of both, bond side hired by such Person at and for except a House the Sum of Ten Pounds a Year at the least, for the Term of One whole Year; nor unless such House or or Land in Building shall be held, and such Land occupied, and the Rent for the fame actually paid, for the Term of^arish.One whole Year at the lead, by the Person hiring the fame; nor unless the whole of such Land shall be of

situate within the same Parish or Township as the House wherein the Person hiring such Land shall dwell and Icjt ancj inhabit; any thing in any Act or Acts, or any Construction of or Implication from any Act or Acts, or any rent paid for a Usage or Custom to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding. Year.

CAP. LI.

An Act to relieve Persons compounding for their Assessed Taxes, from an Annual Assessment, for the Term of Three Years.

[2d July 1819.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled 48 G. 3.C. 55. 4 Vy An Act for repealing the Duties of Assessed Taxes, and granting ne<u> Duties in lieu thereof and certain

additional Duties to be consolidated therewith; and also for repealing the Stamp Duties on Game Certificates, and

granting new Duties in lieu thereof to be placed under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of

Taxes, certain Duties of Assessed Taxes were granted to His Majesty: and by another Act passed in the

Fifty second Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, intituled An Act for granting to His Majesty, certain 51 G. 3. c. 93.

new and additional Duties of Affffed Taxes, and for consolidating the fame with the former Duties of Assessed

Taxes, certain new and additional Duties of Assessed Taxes were also granted and consolidated with the

former Duties of Assessed Taxes, which Duties have been varied by several subsequent Acts; and it is

expedient

730 C.^k

59°

GEORG! I III.

A.D. 1819.

expedient to relieve £uch Persons as are willing and defiraus of compounding for their Assessed Taxes from annual Assessment, and all further or increased Charges on Articles of the fame Description, for a Term*to be limited, on condition of paying certain additional Rates on the Amount of the last Assessment made prior to the passing of this Act; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Assessments made under and by virtue of the said Acts, for the Year ending on the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, shall be and remain to the fame Amount, in respect of all and every the Persons and Person who shall compound, for the annual Payment thereof, for the Term of Three Years, to commence from the said Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, upon i: he Terms and Conditions herein after mentioned; and it shall be lawful for the Commissioners acting in execution of the said several Acts, for any County, City, Town or Place, in Great Britain, or any Two or more of them, in their respective Divisions, to contra ft and agree with any Persons or Person who are or is assessed to the Rates and Duties granted by the said Acts, or any of them, lor the said Year ended on the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, and who shall.apply to them for that Purpose, in the fame Division in which such Assessment hath been made, for the Composition of their, his or her Assessed Taxes, for the said Period of Three Years, according to the Directions.and Pxovisions of this Act; and all and every Persons and Person assessed for the Year ended as aforesaid, to the Duties made payable by virtue of the said Acts, or any of them, are and is hereby respectively declared to be competent to enter into composition with the said respective Commissioners, for their, his or her Assessed Taxes for the Term of Three Years, to commence from the said Fifth. Day of April, on the fame Amount annually, as shall have been assessed upon them, him or her, for the Year ended as aforesaid, together with/an additional annual Rate for every Twenty Shillings of the Amount so assessed, to be ascertained and fixed in the Proportions, and in manner herein mentioned, except as herein after is provided.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Duties assessed on inhabited Houses and on Windows or Lights, Win^wDmiet contl"lie^ the: Schedules .marked (A.)and(B.) or either of them, referred to by the said Act of the

Assessments for the Year ending April 5, 1819, to continue at the — me Amount so* Three Years.

(tansiisaotiera empowered to contract.

Persons assessed in the last Year may compound.

Compositions on House and

Forty eighth Year aforesaid, shall be compounded for separately and distinctly from all and every the other Duties herein mentioned, chargeable under the said Acts, or any of them; and where any such Composition shall be .made on the Amount of the said Duties assessed on inhabited Houses and on Windows or Lights, the Proportion of the said additional Rate shall be One Shilling for every Twenty Shillings of the Amount so assessed, and so. after that Rate for any greater , or lesser Sum than Twenty Shillings; and where any such Composition shall be made on the Amount of any other of the Duties granted by the said Acts, (except the Duties granted thereby in respect of killing Game, ) the Proportion of the said additional Rate mall be One Shilling for every Twenty Shillings of the Amount so assessed, and so after that Rate for any greater t>r less Sum than Twenty Shillings.

III. And be it further enacted, That all and every Persons and Person entering into any such Composition according to the Provisions of this Act, and paying the Amount of the Sums compounded for at the times, and in the Proportions, and in manner herein specified, and doing and performing.all other Acts, Matters and Things required by this Act, shall be entitled to make or open and keep open during the said Term, free of Duty, any additional Number of Windows or Lights, in their, his or her Dwelling House in respect of which such Composition shall have been made, and also to keep and ufa, free of Duty, any additional Article or Articles of the fame Description, and chargeable under the fame Schedule of the said Acts, (although the fame may be therein charged with different and progressive Rates of Duty, according to the Number thereof, ) as they, he or she were or was charged in respect of in the Assessment on which the Composition shall have been made; and shall be exempt from any further Compliance with any of the Provisions contained in the said Acts relating to the Assessed Taxes, and from all Assessments thereon, during the said Term of Three Years; except where the Persons or Person entering into such Composition, shall be or become chargeable with the said Duties in respect of a.Dwelling House or Dwelling Houses not comprised in the said Composition; or in respect of any Article or Articles of a different Description, or chargeable with Duty under some other Schedule or Schedules of the said Acts, than they, he or she were or was charged in

for Articles of.respect »of in the Assessment on which the Composition shall have been made; in which excepted Cases, and a different De- no other, further or increased Charges shall be made, and the Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures infiided according to the Provisions of the several Acts, in relation to the said Taxes in force at and immediately before the passing of this Act, as fully and effectually as if no such Composition had been made under this Act.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Composition shall be entered into under this Act with any Persons or Person who shall have become chargeable in the present Year, by reason of any different

th^n the^ast* oradditional Establishment set up within the Year ending on the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hun-an m e as an(j nineteen, to a greater Amount of Duty than hath been charged on them, him or her in the said last

Year's Assessment, without including as well the Amount of Duty so charged ia>the said Assessment, as the increased Amount of Duty so becoming chargeable by reason of such different or additional Establishment, nor in any such Cafc where a btmdjide Return of such different or increased Establishment shall oiot be unde before the Fhft Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen.

V. Provided always, That no Person shall be chargeable under the Acts in force at the time of passing this

pounding not to Act, after the Expiration of the said Term of Three Years, for any Part of the increased Establishment sot

j^karged for included in the Composition entered into under this Act, who shall give Six Months previous Notice of his E taiiUkhm^nt Intention to discontinue the fame, and who shall actually have ceased to keep die fame One Calendar

prior to the Expiration of the said Period of Three Years.

made separately. Additional Rate of is. far very acs. on Amount of Compositions.

Compositions to entitle Persons compounding to open additional Windows, and to keep additional Articles, free of Duty, of the same Description as thosebefare charged.

Exemption; except when chargeable for another Dwelling House, or

scription.

Persons chargeable to a

Year's Assessment, to compound on the increased Amount.

Persons com-

A.D. 1819. 59?

GEORGII III.

C. 51* 73*

Compositions to bind Party

Parties re* moving, and the-Executors and Assigns of Per*

VI. Provided nevertheless, That when an Establishment shall have confided io part of Articles- whereon. a Articles of dif-

less Duty hath been made payable by any Adk in the present Session of Parliament, it shall be lawful to enter tobe*" into Compositions under this Act, on the Amount of Duty charged on other Articles on the said last Assess- compounded ment, together with the Amount of Duty so made chargeable by the said Act of the present Session of for on the last Parliament. Assessment.

VII. And be it further enacted, That every Competition entered into under this Act, in relpedl of the Compositions Duties charged on a Dwelling House from which the Persons or Person entering into the fame mall remove

-during the Term herein limited, {Hall cease and determine on the Fifth Day of April next after such Removal 5 Year° 6 and every Composition entered into under this Act, in respect of any other of the Duties granted by the said Acts, with any Persons or Person who within the said Term herein limited shall die, or become bankrupt or insolvent, or shall assign their, his or her Goods, Chattels or Effects, shall also cease and determine on the First Day of April next after such Death, Bankruptcy, Insolvency or Alignment.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That every Composition entered into in pursuance of this Act, subject to the Determination thereof as aforesaid, shall bind the Persons or Person entering into the fame, their, his and her Chattels, Goods and Effects, to the due and punctual Payment and Satisfaction, at the times and in papU the Proportions herein specified, of the full Amount of the Suras made payable upon the said Composition, or Amount, by virtue thereof, during the Continuance of the fame, according to and under the Provisions of this Act.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all and every Persons or Person so having compounded, and quitting

or removing from the Dwelling Houses or Dwelling House in respect of which such Composition shall be made, and the Executors, Administratovs or Assignees of such Persons or Person dying or becoming bankrupt or insolvent, and the Assigns of any such Persons or Person atiigning their, his or her Estate, Chattels, Goods or -n

Effects, shall be bound to the due and punctual Payment of all Sums accruing, due or in arrear at the respect to be anSwer-tive times of such Removal, Death, Bankruptcy, Insolvency or Assignment, or which shall be payable upon - able for tb* such Composition for the Year ending on the Fifth Day of April next after such Removal, Death, Bankruptcy,

Insolvency or Assignment; and no Goods or Chattels whatever, belonging to any Persons or Person so hav-^En(* ing compounded, and quitting or removing from their, his or her Dwelling Houses or Dwelling House, or 1 e ear* dying or becoming bankrupt or insolvent, or assigning their, his or her Estate, Chattels, Goods or Effects,

shall be removed, nor shall any Goods or Chattels belonging to any Persons or Person so having compounded,

be liable to be taken by virtue of any Execution or other Process, Warrant or Authority, unlefe the Persons or Person so having compounded, or their, his or her Executors, Administrators or Assignees, or the Party

to whom any such Assignment shall be made, or by whom such Process* Warrant, Authority or Seizure shall be sued out or made, shall, before the Removal of such Goods or Chattels, pay or cause to be paid to the proper Collector or Collectors of the said Composition Money, (the fame not having been paid to the Governor

and Directors of the Bank of England, or the Receiver General or his Deputy, pursuant to the Directions of

this Act, ) all Arrears of the said Monies which shall be then due, or which shall be payable for the Year Arrears to be

ending on the Fifth Day of April next after such Removal, Death, Bankruptcy, Insolvency, Assignment or paid*

Seizure; and in case of Refusal to pay the said Composition Money then due or to grow due as aforesaid, the said Collectors or Collector are or is hereby authorised and required to distrain such Goods or Chattels, and proceed to the Sale thereof, in such manner as they may fell any Goods or Chattels di (trained under the said Acts, until they or he shall have obtained Payment of the said Composition Money, together with the reason-> able Costs and Charges attending such Distress and Sale 5 and every such Collector shall be indemnified for so doing by virtue of this Act.

X. And be it further enacted, That the Monies to arise or become payable by virtue of the Compositions entered into under this Act, shall be payable without demand, and paid Quarterly, at the fame times and in the fame Proportions, and to the fame Persons respectively, as the Duties of Assessed Taxes are now payable by virtue of any Act or Acts in force at and immediately before the passing of this Act: Provided always, that all and every the Persons and Person so compounding as aforesaid, the Amount of whose annual Competitions or Composition shall not be less than Twenty Pounds, may contract and agree with the respective Com-xmflioners aforesaid for the Payment of their, his or her Composition Money into the Bank of England, or to the Receiver General, or his lawful Deputy, for the County or Division where their, his or her Composition Money shall be payable by Half yearly Instalments at the times and in the manner herein prescribed in this Act; and all such Half yearly Payments shall be made in equal Portions on or before the First Day of OSaber, and the First Day of April in each Year; and with respect to Payments to be made to the Receiver General or his Deputy, to require a Receipt or Receipts acknowledging such Payments, at the Cod and Charge of the Persons or Person making such Payments, in such Form as the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes shall devise and direct; and in every such Cfcfe the said Receiver General or his Deputy as aforesaid, shall give the said Persons or Person by whom such Payments shall be made, a Receipt or Receipts as aforesaid, specifying therein the Names or Name of the Persons or Person compounding as aforesaid, and the Parish or Place mentioned in the Certificate of Composition; which Receipts shall be delivered over to the Collectors, or One of them, of the Parish or Place where the Assessment referred to by the Certificate of Composition shall have been1 made, by Indorsement under the Hands or Hand of the Persons or Person so compounding and paying, and shall be received by such Collectors or Collector as Cash, and allowed aa such by every Receiver General or his Deputy in his Accounts with such Collector.

XI. And be it further eiwdted, That the Governors and Directors of the Bank of England shall open an Account in their Books with the Gommifliooers of His Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland*for the time being, for each Year, daring the Term herein limited, under the Title of thConwn«r

The Commissioners of the Treasury on account of Compositaona of A defied Taxes/' and shall cacry to the 810nqrs 0

Credit

Composition Monies payable Quarterly as Assessed Threw Proviso for Payment of Composition* not less than 2r 1. into the Bank, or to Rtf* ceivor Generali by Half yearif Payments.

Receiver General to give Receipts, to be delivered over-to the Collector, and by him

Cash.

Bank to open an Account

Treasury.

732 C. 5l.

59° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1819.

Cashiers to receive Compositions, and to enter same in said Account

Persons paying the annual Composition in Advance to receive a Discount of 3l. per Cent per Annuni.

Certificates of the Bank received by Collectors as Cash.

Assessors to deliver the prescribed Notices to all Parties assessed in the last Year; together with a printed Form.

Persons desirous to compound, to send Applications to Clerks of Commissioners; who are to summon Commissioners to take the Applications into Consideration.

Surveyors to examine Assessments for the last Year on Persons applying to compound, and their Returns for the present Year; and in Certain Cases may certify their Objections to Commissioners.

In what Cases Composition may be rejected.

Doubts may be referred to Commissioners Cor Taxes, &c.

Half of the Composition to be paid in Ten Days.

Credit of such Account all Monies authorised by this A A to be paid into the said Bank of England; and the Cashier of the Bank of England who shall receive any Money tendered to him in Payment of not less than One Moiety of the Money annually payable on any Composition, shall enter the fame in the Book to be provided for that Purpose, and all such Sums shall be entered under the Names or Name of the Persons or Person compounding as aforesaid, and the County, Division and Parish or Place mentioned in the Certificate of Composition; and the said Cashier shall give the Person paying the fame a Certificate of such Payment, specifying therein the Number of Half yearly Instalments thereby discharged, and referring therein to the Names or Name of the Person or Persons so compounding, and the County and Division mentioned in the Certificate of Composition then produced: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for any Persons or Person so authorised as aforesaid, to pay or cause to be paid in Advance to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England* or to their Cashier or Cashiers, any Sum or Sums of Money compounded for as aforesaid, and payable for the Term of One whole Year, and to require a Certificate or Certificates acknowledging such Payments; and it shall be lawful for the Cashier or Cashiers of the said Bank of England, on Production of the Certificate of Composition at the time of Payment of the said Duty in Advance, (all Sums then payable on such Composition for any former Year or Instalment being first satisfied, ) to make an Allowance out of the Sum or Sums fa paid in Advance, at the Rate of Three Pounds per Centum per Annum> calculated for the Period or Periods by which each respective Sum shall be paid sooner than the Period prescribed by this Act for the Payment thereof; and all such Certificates made out by the Caftiier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England as aforesaid, being indorsed and delivered by the Persons or Person so compounding, to the Collectors, or One of them, of the Parish or Place where the AsselTment referred to by the Certificate of Composition shall have been made, shall be received by them as Cash in satisfaction of the Condition of such Certificate, and allowed to them in their Accounts with the Receiver General and his Deputy as aforesaid.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the AlTessors acting in the Execution of the Acts in relation to

Assessed Taxes, shall, as soon after the passing of this Act as can conveniently be done, give such Notice of

this A A to all and every Persons and Person charged to the said Duties or any of them, for the Year ending the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, as the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes shall devise and direct, or leave the fame at their, his or her Dwelling House or Place of Residence, or on the Premises, charged by the said AsselTment within the respective Limits of such AsselTors; together with a printed Form, to be used in applying to the Commissioners of the respective Divisions by all Persons desirous of compounding for their AflelTed Taxes under this Act, in such Form as shall be devised and directed as aforesaid; and all and every Persons and Person desirous of so compounding, shall distinguish on such Form the additional Rate at which they, he or she are or is desirous to compound, and shall sign the fame with their, his or her Christian and Surnames or Surname, in their, his or her usual manner of writing the fame, and cause the same to be delivered, free of Charge, to the Clerk of the Commissioners of the Division wherein the said Assessment hath been made 5 and the said Clerks by whom such Forms shall be received, shall number the fame progressively, and file the fame, and with all convenient Speed shall mark the Assessments on which such Com-positions are to be made, and shall summon the Commissioners of their respective Divisions to meet at the usual Place of Meeting on some convenient Day, not later than Ten Days after he shall have received Notice of any such Application to compound; and the said Commissioners shall meet at their usual Place of Meeting within the time fixed by such Summons, to take the Applications then made into Consideration, and so from time to time as often as such Applications shall be made, and at such times as they shall deem necessary for the due Execution of this Act.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the Surveyors appointed under the Acts relating to Assessed Taxes, shall, before any Certificate of Composition shall be executed by the said respective Commissioners, as herein mentioned, carefully and diligently inspect and examine each and every Application to compound, made under this Act, and also the Assessments made on the Persons or Person so applying for the Year ended on the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, and also the Returns of the fame Persons or Person delivered under the said Acts for the present Year, commencing from the said Fifth Day of April; and if such Surveyor shall, on such Inspection and Examination, find or discover that any Persons or Person who shall have applied to compound, hath removed from the Dwelling House charged in the last Assessment, or hath returned any additional Establishment as chargeable for the present Year, so as to increase the Amount of their, his or her Assessment for the present Year, beyond the Amount charged in the preceding Year, or hath not made any Return, or hath made an undue Return for the present Year, it shall be lawful for the said Surveyor, and he is hereby required to certify the fame in Writing by him to the said Commissioners, with his Objections; and no Composition shall be entered into in respect of the Dwelling House from which the Persons or Person applying to compound, have or hath removed 5 nor with any Persons or Person who have not nor hath made a due Return of all Articlest Matters and Things chargeable upon them, him-or her for the present Year, and in case such due Return shall have been made, then no such Composition shall be entered into, without adding to the Amount of the last Year's Assessment the additional Establishment chargeable under the said Acts in the present Year, and calculating the "additional Rate payable under this Act on such aggregate Amount 5 and if any Doubt shall arise, whether a Composition may be made under this Act, according to the Provisions thereof, it shall be lawful for the respective Commissioners to refer the Matter in doubt to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, or to such Commissioners as His Majesty shall appoint for that Purpose, or any Two of them, who shall return their Opinion to the said respective Commissioners, who shall act according to such Opinion.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That upon every Composition entered into under this Act, after the First Day of 0Sober One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, there shall be paid One Moiety

of

A.D. 1819« 59° GEORGII III. C. 51. 733

of the annual Amount payable on the fame, within Ten Days after the Date of the Certificate of Composition;

and no such Composition shall be entered into after the Thirty first Day of the fame Month, nor after the Time of enter-

Persons or Person applying for the same shall have received a Notice or an increased Charge upon their, his ing into Com-

or her Return of Articles chargeable for the present Year, from the Surveyor of the Distnft in which such P05^0118

Return shall be made; nor after any Appeal firom the Amount of the first Assessment charged on the

Persons or Person so applying to compound for the present Year, which shall be made conformable to the

Returns of the Persons or Person so applying.

XV. And be it further enacted, That upon all Applications, to compound under this Act, which shall not Clerks to probe objected to by the Surveyor as aforesaid, the Clerk to the said respective Commissioners shall carefully P*2 Cer-and diligently compute and ascertain the Amount of Duty charged in the said last Assessments, and shall

prepare and fill up a Certificate of the Composition to be made thereon, on which the additional Rate is by

this Act directed to be charged; and whenever the Applications to compound which have been objected to mCsioners and

by the Surveyor as aforesaid, shall have been conceded to by the said respective Commissioners, the said Parties com-

Clerks shall in like manner from time to time compute and ascertain the Amount of Duty whereon the pounding;

additional Rate is by this Act directed to be charged, and prepare and fill up a like Certificate, and shall from time to time give Notice to the Persons or Person 10 applying, to attend the said Commissioners,*

to (ign and execute the said respective Certificates; and every such Certificate shall be made in Three certificate9

Parts, with Counter Cheques* and severally signed by the said Commissioners, or any Two or more roa<je |n xhme

of them, and by the Persons or Person compounding, in the Presence of their Clerk or his Assistant, who Parts.

shall attest the fame; and Two of the said Parts shall be cut off indentwise from the Third Part, and from each other. One of which shall be delivered to the Persons or Person compounding, and the other thereof transmitted to the Office of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and the Third shall remain with the Commissioners executing the fame; and all such Certificates shall be made in the Form to this Act annexed.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the several Sums payable under or by virtue of any Composition Composition to be made under this Act, shall be raised, levied and accounted for, under the Provisions and Regulations Monies to be of this Act, and any Act or Acts in force at the time of passing this Act, in relation to the Duties of under Assessed Taxes, or of any Act or Acts to be passed in this Session of Parliament 5 and this Act shall be

construed in such Manner and to the like Effect, as if the several Provisions in the said Acts in force as Assessed* aforesaid contained, for raising, levying, paying and accounting for the Duties of Assessed Taxes, were Taxes, expressly enacted in this Act, except where other Provisions are made under this Act, for paying the said several Sums contained in the Compositions under this Act, or shall be made under any Act or Acts to be passed in the present Session of Parliament; and all and every the Powers, Authorities, Directions, Clauses,

Matters and Things contained in such Acts in force as aforesaid, for levying, paying and accounting for the Duties of Assessed Taxes, shall severally and respectively be observed, praftifea and put in execution throughout the respective Parts of England and Scotland respectively, as fully and effectively, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame Powers, Authorities, Directions, Clauses, Matters and Things were respectively repeated and reenacted in this Act, and shall severally be applied, construed, deemed and taken to belong to this Act, in like manner as if the fame had been enacted therein, and expressly applied to the Monies to be raised, paid and accounted for, under the Compositions authorised by this Act.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Persons or Person who now are or is, or for the Commissioners time being shall be Commissioners for putting in execution the said Acts in relation to the Assessed Taxes, and acting under who shall be respectively qualified and authorised to act in the execution of the said Acts, and shall have Assessed Tax taken the Oaths directed thereby, shall be Commissioners for putting in execution this Act, and the Powers c^miLrionei* referred to or contained in all and every the respective Counties, Ridings, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque Ports, toa^tT^6 Towns and Places, privileged or not privileged, within England, Wales and Berwick upon Tweed, and in all ecution of this and every the Shires, Stewartries, Cities and Boroughs in Scotland; and the several Assessors, Collectors Act.

and Clerks respectively appointed or to be appointed to put in execution the said Acts, and the several Other Officers

Surveyors, Inspectors and Inspectors General respectively appointed or to be appointed under or by virtue appointed under

of the said Acts, within the Limits of their respective Jurisdictions to which they are or shall be respectively

appointed, shall respectively be Assessors, Collectors, Clerks, Surveyors, Inspectors and Inspectors General, to put

in execution this Act, according to the Powers respectively given to them by this Act, and they respectively

are hereby empowered and required to do all things necessary for putting this Act in execution, with

relation to the Compositions to be made, and the Monies to be raised under this Act, in the like and in as full

and ample a Manner as they or any of them are or is authorised to put in execution the Powers of the said Acts, in so far as the said Powers are respectively applicable to this Act 5 and all the Monies to be raised

under this Act shall be under the Care and Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes,

appointed or to be appointed by His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful to and for the Commissioners of the Treasury, Treasury to or any Three or more of them, now or for the time being, or the High Treasurer for the time being, to allow allow additional such additional Salaries to the several Surveyors to be employed in the Execution of this Act, and otherwise S*!*"168 toSj^ in relation thereto, and also to discharge such incident Charges and Expences of the said Surveyors, and also of the Inspectors and Inspectors General, as shall necessarily attend the Execution of this Act, as the said dents; Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the time being, shall think fit and reasonable in that behalf; and every Receiver General and Collector shall annually, during Receivers the Continuance of this Act, have and be entitled to have the like Poundage for what Money they shall General and respectively pay or account for under this Act, as they or he would have been entitled to under the said Act Collectors to 59GK0.IU. jB of

have Poundage as tinder 48 G. 3. c. 55.

Clerks to have Poundage as under 48 G. 3. c. 55.

All Assessments to cease, except as before excepted.

Clerks to make out Abstracts of Composition under Hand of Commissioners for Collectors to collect by.

If Compositions not duly paid. Collectors may distrain for Arrears with is, in the Pound for their own Use, and all Costs and Charges.

Commissioners to include in their Parchment Duplicates of Assessed Taxes, the Amount of the Composition Monies.

Composition Monies carried to Consolidated PUUd.

Act altered,

Ac. tills Session.

CtgY. 59* GEORGII 1IL A.D. 13I9.

of the Forty eighth 'fear of the Reigfi of His present Majesty, for the like Amount Affcfifed Ta*es paid by them respectively; and that for the careful prepsffftig, writing and transcribifKf alland Avery the Certificates of Composition, Duplicates, Waft-ants and Estreats in due time, and fortht? due, speedy and effectually executing all Matters and Things directed to be done or performed by or under the Comthimonera acting in the Execution of this Act, the Clerk of the said respective Commissioners who shall perform the fame within the times limited by this Act, or by the said Acts in force at and immediately before the passing of this Act, shall have and receive from the Receiver General at the fame times, and under the lame Conditions and Restrictions, the like Poundage on the Amount compounded for under this Act, as he would have been entitled to have and receive under the said Act of the Forty eighth Year aforesaid, for the like Amount of Assessed Taxes.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Date of any Certificate of Composition made under this Act, and during the Continuance of the fame in force, all Assessments under the said Acts shall cease with respect to the persons or Person so compounding, except as hereinbefore is eXcepted 5 and Three Abstracts of all and every Certificates and Certificate of Composition, shall, within Ten Days after the First Day of October in the present Year, and in each subsequent Year during the Continuance df ally Compositions under this Act, within One Calendar Month after the Fifth Day of July in such Year, be prepared by the Clerk to the Commissioners who have executed the said Certificates, in such Form as shall be devised and directed by the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes; and the said Commissioners, or any Two or more of them, shall yearly set their Hands to the said Abstracts, and deliver or cause to be delivered One of the said Abstracts of such Certificates, together with Warrants under the Hands and Seals of Two or more of tile said Commissioners for collecting the fame, unto the Persons respectively who shall be appointed to collect the Assessed Taxes for that Year, and One other of the said Abstracts to the Surveyor of the District for the time being, and the Third of the said Abstracts to be kept by such Clerk for the Use of the said Commissioners; and in case the respective Collectors shall not receive the Sums payable on the Certificates of Composition with which they are respectively entrusted, according to the said Abstract delivered to them respectively, or the Receipt of the Receiver General or his Deputy, or the Certificate of the Cashier of the Bank of England, acknowledging the Payment thereof, at or before the times mentioned in their Warrants, it shall be lawful to and for such Collector and Collectors, or any of them, and they are hereby required forthwith to distrain for the fame, together with One Shilling for every Twenty Shillings of the Amount in arrear, to their or his own Use, and all reasonable Costs and Charges attending the fame, in such Manner and Form as they might distrain for the Duties of Assessed Taxes arising by virtue of the said Acts, and to levy and raise the fame, under the like Powers and Authorities as Collectors are authorised to use in and for the Recovery of the said Duties.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the respective Commissioners aforesaid, shall cause the Amounts of the Sums to be raised by such Compositions in each Parish, Ward and Place, within their respective Divisions, to be inserted in their annual Duplicates of Asseffments of Assessed Taxes on Parchment, in a Column to be prepared thereon for that Purpose, under the Head of " Taxes compounded for, " in like manner as if the fame Amounts had been severally charged by Assessment under One Schedule of the said Acts, in the same Parish, Ward or Place; and mail place the respective Atnounts payable in each Parish, Ward or Place, opposite the Names of the Collectors of the same Parish, Ward or Place, that the several Collectors, and each Parish, Ward or Place, may be answerable for the fame Amounts, as if the fame had been to be tailed by Assessment under the said Acts.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the Monies arising by the Compositions entered into under this Act (the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the fame excepted), shall from time to time be paid

the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster^ to the Account of Assessed Taxes, and shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund 01 Great Britain

XXII. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be varied, altered or amended, by any Act or Acts to be made in the present Session of Parliament*

SCHR-

59? GEORGII IIx.

SCHEDULES to which this Act refers.

&&OW all.Men, That we, of the Commissioners acting in the locution of the Acts ii> rtfftftafe t? A ffefled Taxes, for the Division of

in the

have cantn>#edjwk

agreed with

in the said County and Division, in pursuance of an Act palladia the 59th Year of George the Third, for the Compassion of Assessed Taxes,

chargeable upon at and/or the annual Sum of Z being the Amount of the said Assessment and an additional Rafreof amounting together to the Sum of £ said Dual ion by

Pounds per Centum per Annum thereon, to be paidin; to the Reqeiyer General of the

>y Two Instalments;

Viz. — 1 ft Instalment, on or before the; ift Day of October,

2d Instalment, on or before the ift Day of April* imeach-Year, during and until the full End.and Term of Three Years, commencing on the 5th Day of April 1819.

The Condition of the above Composition is, That the above-named

shall duly pay or cause to be paid to the )ne of them, on or before the Days before mentioned, without Demand, the yearly Sum of £ by Two Instalments in even

Portions, taking his Receipt for the fame on each Payment, and delivering the said Receipts to

the Collectors of

or One of them, in discharge of such Payment, otheswife the said CompoiiriQP shall be levied of the - ' " "*-'lai'

Rcociver General of the said Division or hifi lawful Deputy, or Qu<

urn of

Goods and Chattels of the said

or otherwise, as the said Act directs.

Witness

Clerk to the said Commissioners.

Signed,

Commissioners of the within Division.

The Party hereto.

KNOW all Men, That we, of the Commissioners acting in the.Execution of the Acts in relation to

Assessed Taxes, for the Division of in the

-have contracted and

agreed with

in the said County.and Division, in pursuance of an Act passed in the 59th Year of George the Third, for the Composition of Assessed Taxes,

chargeable upon at and for the annual Sum of £ being the Amount of the said Assessment and an additional Rate of Pounds per Centum per Annum thereon,

amounting together to the Sum of £ ito he paid into the Bank of England

by Two Instalments;

Viz. — ift Instalment, on or before the ift Day-of October,

2d Instalment, on or before the ift Day of April, in each Year, during and until the full End and Term of Three Years, commencing on the 5th Day of April 1819.

The Condition of the above Composition is. That the above-named

shall duly pay or cause to be paid to One of the Cashiers of the Bank of England* on or before the Days before mentioned, without Demand, the yearly Sum of £ by Two InstalmenU in .even Portions, taking the Certificate of the said Cashier for die feme on each Payment, and delivering the said Certificates to

therCalle&otfi of

or-One of them, in discharge of such Payment, athemrife the feicbCoroposition shall be.'levied of the Goods and Chattels of the said

or'Wtherwife, a*the said Act directs*

Commissioners of the j within Division.

Witness

The Party hereto.

Clerk to the said Commissioners

5 B 2

GOO

m

49 G. 3* c. 98.

54 g. c. 36.

Duties of Customs and Drawbacks to

59° GEORGII IU.

A.D. 181ig.

KNOW all Men, That we, of the Commissioners acting in the Execution of the Acts in relation to Assessed Taxes, for the Division of in the

have contracted and

agreed with

in the said County and Division, in pursuance of an Act passed in the 59th Year of George the Third, for the Comoofition of Assessed Taxes,

chargeable upon at and for the annual Sum of £ being the Amount of the said Assessment and an additional Rate of Pounds per Centum per Annum thereon,

amounting together to the Sum of £ to be paid in to the Collectors of the said

by Four Instalments 5

Viz. — ill Instalment, on or before the 5th Day of July,

2d Instalment, on or before the 10th Day of October,

3d Instalment, on or before the 5th Day of January,

4th Instalment, on or before the 5th Day of April, in each Year, during and until the full End and Term of Three Years, commencing on the 5th Day of April 1819.

The Condition of the above Composition is, That the above-named

shall duly pay or cause to be paid to the Collectors for the said or One of them, on or before the Days before mentioned,

without Demand, the yearly Sum of £ by Four Instalments in even Portions, other-

wife the said Composition shall be levied of the Goods and Chattels of the said

or otherwise, as the said Act directs.

Signed,

Witness

Clerk to the said Commissioners.

I Commissioners of the J within Division.

The Party hereto.

CAP. LH.

An Act to repeal the several Duties of Customs chargeable in Great Britain, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof.

[2d July 1819.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for repealing the several Duties of Customs chargeable in Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof certain Duties of Customs and certain Drawbacks in respect thereof were granted and made payable in Great Britain, in lieu of former Duties and Drawbacks payable there: And Whereas by an Act made in the Fifty fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, certain Duties of Customs were imposed on Goods, Wares and Merchandise imported into Great Britain from any Port or Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies: And Whereas several new and additional Duties of Customs have from time to time been granted and made payable in Great Britain by several Acts made since the making of the said recited Acts: And Whereas it is expedient that the several Duties of Customs now payable in Great Britain should be consolidated, and that for that Purpose all Duties of Customs now payable in Great Britain (except as herein after excepted)

should cease and determine, and that other Duties 01 Customs should be granted and made payable in lieu of the Duties which shall so cease and determine Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, all and Angular the Subsidies, Customs, Impositions or Duties whatever respecting the Revenue of Customs payable to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force in Great Britain on or immediately before the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, upon the Importation or Exportation respectively of any Goods, Wares or Merchandise into or from Great Britain, or upon any Goods, Wares or Merchandise being brought or carried Coastwise from one Port or Place in Great Britain to any other Port or Place in the fame, or upon any Ship or Vessel, according to the Tonnage thereof, entering or clearing outwards or inwards, at any Port within Great Britain, and also all additional Imposts or Duties charged upon the Product or Amount of the said several Duties of Customs or any of them, and the several and respective Drawbacks allowed upon the Exportation of any Goods, Wares or Merchandise from Great Britain, shall cease and determine, lave

A.D. 1819. 59° GEORGII III.

C-52- 737

and except in such Cases only as are excepted or provided for by any Exception or Proviso contained in this Act; and save and except in all Cases and so far as shall relate to the recovering, allowing or paying any Arrears of the said Duties and Drawbacks respectively, which may remain unpaid or not allowed on the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, or to any Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures relating thereto respectively, which shall have been incurred at any time on or before the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act shall extend or be construed to extend to repeal or in any wise alter the Duties of Package, Scavage, Baillage or Portage, or any other Duties payable to the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, or to the Lord Mayor of the said City for the time being, or to any other City or Town Corporate within Great Britain, or any other special Privilege or Exemption to which any Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, within Great Britain, is or are now entitled by Law, but the same shall continue as heretofore.

III. Provided also, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to alter or repeal or in anywise to affect any of the Duties on Ships or Vessels according to the Tonnage thereof, granted and imposed by an Act passed in the Thirty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for rendering more commodious and for better regulating the Port of London, or any Act or Acts for amending the same, or any of the Duties granted and imposed by an Act passed in the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for making further Provision for the more effectual Performance of Quarantine, or any Act or Acts for amending the same.

IV. Provided also, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to alter or repeal any of the Duties on. Goods, Wares and Merchandise imported, or any of the Duties on Ships or Vessels according to the Tonnage thereof, granted and imposed by an Act passed in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to repeal the Provisions of former Acts granting exclusive Privileges of Trade to the South Sea Company, and to indemnify the said Company for the Loft of such Privileges, or to alter or repeal any of the Provisions of the said recited Act, or of any Act or Acts lor amending the same.

V. Provided also, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to repeal or alter any of the Provisions contained in Two Acts for the Union of Great Britain and Ireland, the one made in the Parliament of Great Britain, in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, and the other made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Fortieth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, or in any other Act or Aft3 in force on or immediately before the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, by which any Goods, Wares or Merchandise, the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of Ireland, imported into Great Britain from Ireland, or any Goods, Wares or Merchandise, the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of Great Britain, exported from Great Britain to Ireland, are respectively made liable to or are charged with or exempted from any Duties of Customs, whether Countervailing or others, or by which any Drawbacks are allowed or given on the Exportation of such Goods, Wares or Merchandise.

VI. And Whereas it is necessary that other Duties of Customs should be granted to Your Majesty in lieu of the Duties repealed by this Act; we. Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, have therefore given and granted to Your Majesty the several Duties of Customs herein after mentioned, and do humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted, ' and be it therefore enacted, That from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, in lieu and instead of the Subsidies and Duties of Customs hereby made to cease and determine, there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid unto His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, in ready Money, (except as herein after is provided) without any Discount whatever, upon Goods, Wares and Merchandise imported or brought into Great Britain, the several Duties of Customs as the same are respectively inserted, described and set forth in Figures in the Tables to this Act annexed, marked A. and B., and upon Goods, Wares and Merchandise exported from Great Britain, the several Duties of Customs as the same are respectively inserted, described and set forth in Figures in the Table to this Act annexed marked C., and upon Goods, Wares and Merchandise brought or carried Coastwise from one Port or Place in Great Britain, to any other Port or Place within Great Britain, the several Duties of Customs as the same are respectively inserted, described and set forth in Figures in the Table to this Act annexed marked D.; and upon Ships or Vessels, according to the Tonnage thereof, entering Inwards or Outwards in any Port of Great Britain from or to Foreign Parts, the several Duties of Customs as the same are respectively inserted, described and set forth in Figures in the Table hereunto annexed marked E.; and that there shall also be paid or allowed the several Drawbacks of the several Duties of Customs as the same are also respectively inserted, described and set forth in Figures in the said Tables A.B. and D.; any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII._ And be it further enacted, That such of the Duties and Drawbacks of Customs by this Act imposed, as shall arise in England, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of the Customs in' England for the time being; and such thereof as shall arise in Scotland, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland for the time being.

VIII. And Whereas by the hereinbefore recited Acts for the Union of Great Britain and Ireland, it was

among other things provided and enacted, that all Duty charged on the Import of Foreign or Colonial 1 Goods into either Country, should on their Export to the other be drawn back, or the Amount, if any

were retained, should be placed to the Credit of the Country to which they should be exported, so

long

except Amn! Penalties, &c.

Duties of Package, &c* to the Corporation of London, &c. continued.

Proviso for Tonnage Duties of 39 G. 3. c.lxix. and Duties of 45 G. J*

C.XQ."

Proviso for Duties of J5&3-C-57*

Proviso for

39 & 40 G. 3* c. 67. and

40 G. 3* (!)» in respect to the Importation or Exportation of Goods.

The Duties specified in the Tables annexed to be levied, and the Drawbacks therein { inserted allowed, in lieu of those repealed.

Duties to be under the Commissioners of Customs.

39 & 40 G. 3. c. 67. Articled.

73 CLjjs*

59° GEORGII III.

A.D. 18t).

5*0. 3. c. 98.

§ 1.

long as the Expenditure of the United Kingdom Should be dd&rayed by proportional Contributions: And Whereas by an Act mode in the Fifty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to unite and confokdate into One Fund all the Public Revenues of Great Britain and Ireland, and to provide for the Application thereof to the general Service of the United Kingdom> it is enacted, that from and after the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, all Rates, Duties, Taxes, Receipts, Sums of Money and Revenues, of what Nature or Kind soever, which shall or may constitute or form Part of or be directed to be carried to the several Funds called the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, and the Consolidated Fund of Ireland respectively, shall be carried to, and shall be and become, and shall form and cotiftkute One General Fund, to be called The Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland: and that the said Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, after Payment and Satisfaction of certain Charges in the said last recited Act mentioned, shall be indiscriminately applied to the Service of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or any Part thereof, as shall be directed by Parliament: And Whereas it is expedient to continue the Payment of Drawbacks on the Export of Foreign and Colonial Goods from Great Britain to Ireland; y Be it therefore A Drawback of enacted, That from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, all Duties Import Duties of Customs and Excise charged and paid on the Importation into Great Britain of any Foreign or Colonial or Colormd Goods, Wares or Merchandise, shall, on the Exportation from Great Britain to Ireland of such Goods, Wares Goods exported MferchandHe, be drawn back, and paid and allowed to the Exporters of such Goods, Wares and from Great* 1 J'r- '"-J -- -11 r i- T>"1" 0 J n-A — xi ji a a

Britalnto Ireland allowed.

Foreign Goods imported into Great Britain from Ireland, to pay the same Duty as if they had been imported direct from Foreign Ports.

Regulation* for ascertaining whether such Goods were first imported directly into Ireland from Place of Growth.

Merchandise, under and subject to all such Rules, Regulations and Restrictions, as arerequired by any Act or Acts in force in Great Britain immediately before the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred Sind nineteen.

IX. And Whereas Duties of Customs are by this Act imposed on certain Foreign Goods, Wares and Merchandise imported into Great Britain, directly from the Place of their Growth or Produce, and higher Duties of Customs are imposed on the like Goods, Wares and Merchandise if imported not directly from the Place of their Growth or Produce*; and it is expedient that the like Duties should be paid on sill such Foreign Goods imported into Great Britain from Ireland, as if such Foreign Goods had been imported from Foreign Parts; Be it therefore enacted, That on the Importation of any such Foreign Goods, Wares or Merchandise into Great Britain from Ireland, such Import Duty of Customs shall be paid and payable as if such Foreign Goods, Wares or Merchandise had been imported from Foreign Parts, either directly from the Place of their Growth or Produce, or not directly from such Place, according as they were in fact at first so imported from Foreign Parts into Ireland; and that for the purpose of alcertaming whether any such Goods, Wares or Merchandise were first imported into Ireland directly from the Place of their Growth or Produce, or not directly from such Place, it shall be speeifiedand set forth in every Cocket or Clearance of any such Foreign Goods, Wares or Merchandise exported from Ireland to Great Britain, whether such Goods, Wares or Merchandise were first imported directly from the Place of their Growth or Produce, or not directly from such Place, and the Import Duty of Customs on such Goods, Wares or Merchandise shall be payable accordingly on such Goods when imported into Great Britain from Ireland; and if it shall not be expressed and set forth in such Cocket or Clearance of such Goods, Wares or Merchandise, whether the fame were so first imported into Ireland directly from the Place of their Growth or Produce, or not directly from such Place, then and in such Case such Goods, Wares and Merchandise shall be and be deemed liable to such Duties of Customs on their Importation into Great Britain from Ireland, as if the fame had been imported from Foreign Parts, not directly from the Place of their Growth or Produce; any thing in any Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

X. And be it further enacted, That the Duties imposed by this Act upon the Importation of Sugar, inserted, described and set forth in the Tables hereto annexed, marked A. and B., shall continue and be in tinue till March force until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty, and no longer; and 2s, 1810, and that the said Duties shall be appropriated, applied and accounted for, according to the Provisions of an Act made in this present Sefikm of Parliament, intituled An Act for continuing to His Majesty certain Duties cm Malty Sugary Tobacco and Snuff in Great Britain, and on Pensions, Offices and Personal Estates, in England; for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and nineteen; and that a separate Account of such Duties shall be kept at the Custom Houses in Great Britain, distinct and apart from all other Duties of Customs, and the same shall be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer in Great Britain, pursuant to the Provisions of the said last recited Act with relation to the Duties on Sugar so continued by the said Act.

Duties on Buck

XI. And be it further enacted, That the Duties imposed by this Act upon the Importation of Buck Wheat, nue^tfl^March" ^n^ertec^> described and set forth in the Table marked A. to this Act annexed, shall continue and be in force i8ai. Until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, and no longer.

Continuance of

XII. And be it further enacted, That the Duty of Six Shillings and Three pence, specified in the Table Duty of 6s. 3d. marked A. to this Act annexed, on every One hundred Pounds Weight of Cotton Wool, not being sche perCwt. of Cot- Produce of and directly imported from any British Colony or Plantation in America, shall continue and be in ton Whol, &c. force until and upon the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty two, and no longer 5 and £.0ftr? ^[°°} that all Cotton Wool, and Waste of Cotton Wool, being the Produce of, but not imported directly from

« any British Colony or Plantation in America, and all Cotton Wool and Waste of Cotton Wool, the Produce of any other Country or Place which (half be so imported on or before the Fifth Day of Jasmmry One thousand eight hundred and twenty, 'shall be subject and liable to the Duties upon every One hundred Pounds Weight thereof mentioned, specified and set forth, in the Tables marked A. and B. to this Act: annexed; and that all such Cotton Wool, and Waste of Cotton-Wool, which shall be so imported from and after

Dudes on Sugar to con

be applied agreeably to c. 3. ante.

pay Duties in Tables A and B.

A.D. 1819. 59° GEORGII III. C. 52.

after the feud Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred atuJ twenty, shall befafijeft to the Duties in: wfpeft of the Value thereof, mentioned, specified and set forth in the said Tables marked A. and;

Provide^ always, that upon all Cotton Wool, or Waste of Cotton Wool, which shall have been or shall be Cotton Wool secured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty at any time previous to the said Fifth Day of January One secured in thousand eight hundred and twenty, the Duty of Eight Shillings and Seven pence for every One hundred Warehouse Founds Weight thereof shall be charged and paid at any time, as well after as before the fcud Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty, when such Cotton Wool shall be taken out of Warehouse to Duty for Home Consumption. of ifs.; <L per

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the Duties imposed by this Act, and specified, mentioned, and set Cwt. forth in Table D. to this Act annexed, upon Coals or Culm brought or carried Coastwise to any Port or Regulations as Place within the Principality of Wales, shall continue in force ifiitii the First Day of August One thousand to duties on eight hundred and twenty, and no longer; and that from and after the said First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and twenty, Coals or Culm brought or carried Coastwise to any Port or Place ^able lX. within the said Principality, shall be subject and liable to such and the like Duties as Coals or Culm brought or carried Coastwise into any Port or Place in England, except the Port of London, are subject and haole to under this Act, and the said Table D. thereto annexed, or shall or may be subject or liable to under any Act or Acts in force immediately before the said First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and twenty.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That whenever it shall appear by Notices in the London Gazette, in manner Treasury may

directed by Law, that the Average Price of Brown or Muscovado Sugar of the British Plantations, (ascertained suspend Pay-and taken m mannerprescribedby Law in Great Britain, ) for any Period required by Law, shall be below Fortynine *so

Shillings the Hundredweight, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer, or the Com- oiTsn*ar ac-lmflioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three of them for the time being, and they are, hereby authorised cordingtothe*to suspend, until a new Average shall be published in the said Gazette according to Law, the Payment of One Average Ptieet: Shilling in the Hundred Weight, Part of the Duty on Brown or Muscovado Sugar of the British Plantations published in granted by this Act, and the Table marked A. thereto annexed; and the like Sum of One Shilling in the Gazette* Hundred Weight, Part of the Duty of Two Pounds per Hundred Weight on Sugar of the Growth or Produce of any Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England

trading to the East Indies, granted by this Act, and the Table marked B. thereto annexed 5 and if such Average Price shall be below Forty eight Shillings, then Two Shillings of the said Duties respectively; and if such Average Price shall be below Forty seven Shillings, then Three Shillings of such Duties respectively; and to continue such Suspension from time to time, ir the Case shall so require, according to the Averages published as aforesaid.

XV. And be it further enacted, That whenever it shall appear by Notices published in the London Gazette Regulations

in manner directed by Law, that the Average Price of Brown or Muscovado Sugar of the British Plantations as to the Sus-(ascertained and taken in manner prescribed by Law in Great Britain), for any Period required by Law, shall P^8*011 ofhe exceed Sixty Shillings the Hundred Weight, then and in such Case, One Shilling in the Hundred Weight, Part of

«$f the Duty of Two Pounds per Hundred Weight on East India Sugar imposed by Table B. annexed to this Duty onEtst Act, shall be suspended until a Notice of a new Average Price of such Brown or Muscovado Sugar shall be India Sugar, published in manner aforesaid; and if such Average Price shall exceed the Sum of Sixty one Shillings the

Hundred Weight, then Two Shillings in the Hundred Weight, Part of the said Duty on East India Sugar, shall be so suspended; and in like manner if such Average Price of such Brown or Muscovado Sugar shall exceed Sixty two Shillings the Hundred Weight, then Three Shillings in the Hundred Weight of the said Duty on East India Sugar shall be so suspended; if such Average Price of such Brown or Muscovado Sugar shall exceed Sixty three Shillings the Hundred Weight, then Four Shillings in the Hundred Weight of the said Duty on East India Sugar shall be so suspended 5 if such Average Price of such Brown or Muscovado Sugar shall exceed Sixty four Sfmlings the Hundred Weight, then Five Shillings in the Hundred Weight of the said Duty on East India Sugar shall be so suspended 5 if such Average Price of such Brown or Muscovado Sugar shall exceed Sixty five Shillings the Hundred Weight, then Six Shillings in the Hundred Weight of the said Duty on East India Sugar shall be so suspended; if such Average Price of such Brown or Muscovado Sugar shall exceed Sixty six Shillings the Hundred Weight, then Seven Shillings in the Hundred Weight of the said Duty on East India Sugar shall be so suspended; if such Average Price of such Brown or Muscovado Sugar shall exceed Sixty seven Shillings the Hundred Weight, then Eight Shillings in the HUir-dred Weight or the said Duty on East IndiaSugar shall be so suspended 5 if such Average Price of such Brown or Muscovado Sugar shall exceed Sixty eight Shillings the Hundred Wright* then Nine Shilling* in the*

Hundred Weight of the said Duty on East India Sugar shall be so suspended 5 and if such Average Pries of such Brown of Muscovado Sugar shall exceed Sixty nine Shillings the Hundred Weight* then Ten Shillings in the Hundred Weight, Part of the said Duty on East India Sugar, shall be so suspended.

XVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act, or airy of the Tables thereto* annexed. Act not to

mentioned, foecified or contained, shall extend, of be construed to extend, to permit or allow any Goods* allow Goods to Wares or Merchandise whatever, to be imported into or exported from Great Britain in any Way or Manner °J

contrary to any Act or Acts in force in Great Britain on or'immediately before the find Fifth Day of Jdy One thousand right hundred and nineteen, except only so far as any such Act or Acts is expressly altered by this Act infdrau Act, or in Cases expressly provided for by this Act; arty Duty, Clause, Matter or Thing in this Act, or any" unless premsd of the Tables thereto annexed, to the contrary in anywHe notwithstanding. forty urn Act.

XVII. And Whereas by the said first hereinbefore recited Act of the Forty ninth Year of His prrfent 49 4RWefty*a Reign, 4t is among Other things enacted, that from and aftar the Terminatiowof the War fyrthe §

*'4 Ratification

74°

59° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1819.

SS G.3. 0.93.

60k Handkerchiefs of the East Indies prohibited from being sold or worn in Great Britain.

[Penalty.]

Duty on Santa Mana Wood from Honduras not payable till March 15, i8ao:

Nor on Teake Wood of Africa fit for Naval Purposes, till that Time.

Foreign Goods exported liable to Duty on Reimportation.

Goods may be warehoused, and Duties secured under the usual Regulations*

On taking Goods out of Warehouse, Duty to be

Cotton Wool secured in Warehouse before Jan. 5,

18*0, and taken out for Home Consumption,

Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, it shall and may be lawful for the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies to expose to Sale, either for the purpose of being worn or used in Great Britamy or for Exportation, any Silk Handkerchiefs of the Manufacture of Persia, Qhina or the East Indies, that shall have b5?en or may thereafter be securedin the Warehouses of the said United Company, subject nevertheless to the Duties by the said Act imposed, or which might thereafter be imposed thereon; and that all such Silk Handkerchiefs on which such Duties shall have been duly paid, shall and may be worn or used in Great Britain, or sold or exposed to Sale therein, and shall not be subject to Seizure or Forfeiture, nor shall the Person or Persons who shall wear or use the fame, or who shall sell or expose to Sale the fame, or have the fame in his, her or their Custody or Possession, be liable to any Penalty or Penalties, or Fine or Fines whatever, on account thereof} any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding 1 4 And Whereas by an Act made in the Fifty fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to repeal the Duties payable ony and the Permission to enterfor Home Consumption Silk Handkerchiefs imported into Great Britain by the East India Company, the Duties payable on such Handkerchiefs are repealed; but the said hereinbefore recited Permission, in the said recited Act of the Forty ninth Year aforesaid is not noticed in the said recited Act of the Fifty fifth Year, and it is expedient that the said Provision should be repealed, as far as relates to the exposing such Silk Handkerchiefs to Sale for the purpose of being used or worn in Great Britain, or to theufing or wearing the fame in Great Britain; Be it enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall not be lawful for the said Company, or for any Person or Persons, to expose any such Silk Handkerchiefs to Sale for the purpose of being uled or worn in Great Britain, and it shall not be lawful for the same to be used or worn in Great Britain, or to be sold or exposed to Sale therein, but the same shall be subject to Seizure and Forfeiture, and the Person or Persons who shall wear or use the fame, or who shall sell or expose the same to Sale, or shall have the fame in his, her or their Custody or Possession, shall be liable to such Penalties and Fines as if the said Provision in the said recited Act of the Forty ninth Year had never been had or made; any thing in the said recited Act or in any other Act or Acts to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty, no Duty of Customs shall be charged or payable upon Santa Maria Wood fit for Naval Purposes, imported into Great Britain from the Bay of Honduras in British built Vessels, owned, navigated and registered according to Law 5 any thing in this Act, or any of the Tables thereto annexed, to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided that such Wood shall be regularly entered and landed under the Care of the proper Officers of the Customs.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, and until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty, no Duty of Customs shall be charged or payable upon the Importation into Great Britain of any Teake Wood fit for Naval Purposes, of the Growth or Production of any British Colony, Plantation, Territory or Possession in Africa; provided that due Entry be made thereof, and that such Wood be landed in the Presence of the proper Officer at the Port of Importation.

XX. And Whereas Doubts have arisen whether Foreign Goods, Wares and Merchandise, which have been regularly imported into Great Britain, and afterwards exported from thence, are, upon Reimportation*

subjectothe Duties of Customs; Be it therefore declared and enacted, That all such Goods, Wares and Merchandise, so reimported into Great Britain, shall be subject and liable to all such Duties of Customs as are by this Act granted upon Importation of such Goods, Wares and Merchandise.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to compel the Proprietor or Proprietors of Goods, Wares or Merchandise, to pay the Duties upon the Importation or Landing thereof in Great Britain, in any Case where such Goods, Wares or Merchandise might on or immediately before the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, have been warehoused or otherwise secured without Payment of Duty 5 or in any Case where the Whole or any Part of the Duties on such Goods, Wares or Merchandise, are permitted to be secured by Bond or otherwise, under or by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force in Great Britain on and immediately before the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen; but that in all such Cases the Duties specified in the Tables to this Act annexed, marked A. and B., may be secured by Bond or otherwise, in such Manner and under such Rules, Regulations, Restrictions and .Conditions, as are contained in any such. Act or Acts, except where it is otherwise provided by this Act: Provided always, that in case the Importer or Proprietor of any Goods, Wares or Merchandise, which shall have been lodged in Warehouses or otherwise secured by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force on or immediately before the said Fifth Day* of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, and on which the Duties due on the Importation thereof shall not have been paid, shall be desirous of taking any such Goods out of such Warehouse, or from any Place wherein the same shall be secured, for the purpose of being used or consumed in Great Britain; then and in such Case the Duties imposed by this Act shall be payable thereon, notwithstanding such Goods may have been imported and warehoused before the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, except where it is otherwise provided by this Act.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That m case the Importer or Proprietor of any Cotton Wool, or Waste of Cotton Wool, the Produce of any British Colony or Plantation in America, not being imported directly from thence, or of any Cotton Wool or Waste of Cotton Wool, the Produce of any other Country or Place* which shall have been secured in Warehouses at any time on or before the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty, and on which the Duties shall not have been fully paid on or before the said Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty, shall be desirous of taking any such Cotton

Wool

A.D. 1819. 59° GEORGII III. C. 52.

74*

A. and B. shall be paid.

Sheep's Wool or Lamb's Wool, on Proof

Wool or Waste of Cotton Wool out of such Warehouse after the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight after that Day hundred and twenty, for the purpose of being used or consumed in Great Britain, then and in such Case the the Duties spe-Duties imposed by this Act, and the Tables A. and B. thereto annexed, on Cotton Wool or Waste of Cotton «fied in Tables Wool, according to the Value thereof, shall be payable and paid on such Cotton Wool or Waste of Cotton*anA

Wool so taken out of Warehouse, notwithstanding such Cotton Wool or Waste of Cotton Wool may have been imported and warehoused on or before the said Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of the Customs in England and Scotland respectively, by and with the Consent and Approbation of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three of them, upon Proof to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners of the Customs, that Orders were given for the Purchase of any Sheep's Wool or Lamb's Wool at any time before 11141 Orders, the passing of this Act, and that such Sheep's Wool or Lamb's Wool shall be imported into Great Britain at p^has^ma any time after the passing of this Act, to admit such Sheep's Wool or Lamb's Wool to Entry upon Payment be admitted to of the Duty of One Penny per Pound only; and such Sheep's Wool or Lamb's Wool so imported in pur- Entry on Pay-fuance of any such Orders, shall be subject and liable to the said Duty of One Penny per Pound, and no more, ment of a Duty on Importation into Great Britain; any thing in this Act, or the Tables thereto annexed, to the contrary ofd. per lb.

notwithstanding.

XXIV. Provided also, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed Proviso for Re-to extend to alter or repeal any of the Rules, Regulations or Provisions contained in an Act made in the Forty gulations of third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for permitting certain Goods imported into Great 43 G. 3. c. 132.

Britain to be secured in Warehouse without Payment of Duty; or in an Act made in the Forty fifth Year of His 4*5f(*tbg present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to authorise the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to warehousing

permit certain Articles to be warehoused in different Ports in Great Britain, upon giving Security for the Payment and securing of of the Duties upon the Articles therein mentioned; or in any other Act or Acts relating to the warehousing, Goods, &c. securing or Removal of any such Goods, Wares or Merchandise, in force in Great Britain immediately before the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen; but that all such Rules, Regulations and Provisions shall be applied and put in execution for the warehousing and securing of Goods, Wires and .Merchandise specified in the Table marked F. to this Act annexed, and subject to any Duties under this Act, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the fame were repeated and re-enacted in thi&

Act, (except so far as the same are altered by this Act): Provided nevertheless, that nothing herein contained Proviso as to shall extend or be construed to extend to permit any Goods, Wares or Merchandise to be delivered from any Delivery of Warehouse or Place for the purpose of being used or consumed in Great Britain, unless such Goods could have certain Goods^ been lawfully so delivered, to be used or consumed in Great Britain, before the said Fifth Day of July One are"

thousand eight hundred and nineteen.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight Wine in Bottks; hundred and nineteen, it shall and may be lawful to import into Great Britain from the Islands of Jersey, may be import-

Guernsey or Alderney, and also from Ireland, any Wine whatever in Bottles or Flasks, as well for Sale as for private Use, in Packages each of which shall contain at the least Six Dozen reputed Quart Bottles or Flalks, on Payment of the several and respective Duties, as well of Customs as Excise, due and payable on the Im- ages*of Six portation of such Wines into Great Britain; provided that such Wines. shall be imported in British or Irish Dozen, built Ships or Vessels, owned, navigated and registered according to Law, and in such manner, and under the Proviso for like Rules, Regulations, Conditions and Restrictions, and shall be subject and liable to the like Penalties and Navigation Forfeitures, as are provided and in force in relation to the Importation of French Wines in Bottles or Flalks Laws, imported into Great Britain.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hun- Wine in Bottles.dred and nineteen, it shall and may be lawful to import into Great Britain from any Parts within the Limits maybe import-of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, any Wine ed from Ports whatever in Bottles, on Payment of the several and respective Duties, as well of Customs as Excise, due and payable on the Importation of such Wines into Great Britain: Provided always, that the Importer of such Wine, or his known Agent or Factor, shall make a Declaration before the Officer of the Customs at the Port of Importation, Rating the Nature and Quantity of such Wine, and that the fame is for private Use and not intended to be sold, and that such Wine shall be regularly entered and landed under the Care of the proper

Officer of the Customs.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight Owners of Fo-

hundred and nineteen, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of the Customs in England, or any reign Spirits Four or more of them, and for the Commissioners of Customs in Scotland, or any Three or more of them for w*re* 1c

the time being respectively, to repay or allow to the Importers, Owners, Proprietors or Consignees of any Foreign Spirits, Wine or other Liquors which shall be loft by accidental Staving on shipboard, or in the shipping maj unftiipping thereof before the landing thereof, the Duties of Customs which shall have become payable or have the Duty shall have been paid for or in respect of such Spirits, Wine or other Liquors, and to remit the Duties of Cuf- remitted, &c. toms, and to cancel and vacate the Customs Bond for or in respect of all such Spirits, Wine and other Liquors,

for which no such Duties shall have been paid, but for which Security shall have been given by Bond taken

for or in respect of the warehousing thereof, before Payment of the Duties, under or by virtue of any Act or Acts in force in Great Britain for permitting Goods imported to be warehoused or secured without Payment of Duty, and which shall he so loft by such accidental Staving: Provided always nevertheless, that no such jjut proofs Allowance or Repayment shall be made, nor any such Duty be remitted, nor any such Bond or any Part be made of Par-59 Geo. III. 5 C thereof ticularsofLoas.

within Limits of Charter of E. I. C. Declaration.

lost

74* C. 52.

59° GEORGII Hi.

A.D. 1819.

How Duties payable ac-r«ofding to Waight, &c. barged.

'Hie Value of Goods at Fort of Importation, &c. to be the

thereof be* cancelled or vacated, amless Proof shall be made to the 8atisfadion of the said respective Comnrtf-sioners, that such Spirits, Wine or other Liquors were loll by such accidental Staving, and not from any Want

of due Care or Precaution on the Part of the Importer, Owner, Proprietor or Consignee thereof, or his, her

WbsteiioFkoof, ^1, their Agent: Provided also, that every such Bond shall be and Temain in full Force and Effect as to all Bond to remain the Spirits, Wine or other Liquors to which the same shall relate, and which shall not be so proved to have in force. been loft by such accidental Staving, and for or in respect whereof the Duties of Customs shall not be fb

remitted; any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Duties granted ana imposed by this Act, and made payable according to the Weight, Tale, Gauge, Measure or Value of any Goods, Wares or Merchandise charged with such Duties, shall be charged and payable upon any greater or less Weight, Number, Quantity or Value thereof than the Weight, Number, Quantity or Value particularly inserted, described and set forth in any of the Tables hereunto annexed, in proportion to the actual Weight, Number, Quantity or Value of such Goods, Wares or Merchandise.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where by the Tables marked A. and C. to this Act annexed, the Duties of Customs imposed upon the Importation or Exportation of Goods, Wares and Merchandise are charged, not according to the Weight, Tale, Gauge or Measure, but according to the Value

R^eforchar t^iereo^> such Value shall be taken and considered as the same shall be at the Port of Importation or Exportation ing Duty?n Great Britain, without any Abatement or Deduction whatever, except of so much as the Duties payable on the Importation or Exportation thereof shall amount to; and that such Value shall be ascertained by the Declaration of the Importer, Expotter or Proprietor of such Goods, Wares or Merchandise so imported or exported, or of his known Agent or Fador, in such Manner and Form, and under all such Rules, Regulations and Provisions with respect to such Declaration, and subject to all such Forfeitures and Penalties, as are prescribed, directed and imposed for ascertaining and collecting Duties to be paid according to the Value thereof, by any Act or Acts in force in Great Britain immediately before the said Fifth Day of July One thousand If Goods not eight hundred and nineteen; and in case such Goods, Wares or Merchandise shall not be valued according to valued as herein tl e true and real Value thereof, and according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and of the several mentioned, they In force in Great Britain, then it shall be lawful for the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs to cause the same to be detained, and the said Goods, Wares or Merchandise shall be dealt with, and the proper Officers of the Customs shall proceed in every respect in the manner prescribed in such Case by the said several Acts respectively.

XXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in the Case of Cotton Wool and the Waste of Cotton Wool, the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of any Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, the Duties whereon are payable according to the Value thereof, and which hath been or shall be imported by Persons other than the East India Company, and which shall be sold at any Sale made by the said Company, such Value shall be ascertained in like Manner and Form, and under all such Rules, Regulations and Provisions, as are prescribed, directed and imposed for the ascertaining the Value of any other Goods, Wares or Merchandise sold at such Sale; and in the Case of any such Cotton Wool or Waste of Cotton Wool not sold at any Sale made by the said Company, the Value thereof shall be ascertained in such Manner and Form, and under all such Rules, Regulations and Provisions, and subject to such Forfeitures and Penalties, as are prescribed, directed and imposed for the ascertaining the Value of any Goods, Wares and Merchandise contained in Schedules A. and C. to this Act annexed, under any Act or Acts in force for the ascertaining of such Value respectively.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where by the Table marked B. to this Act annexed, the Duties of Customs imposed on the Importation of any Goods, Wares and Merchandise enumerated in the said Table, are charged according to the gross Price at which such Goods shall be sold at the Sales of the East India Company, or according to the Value thereof, such Price or Value respectively shall be ascertained in such Manner and Form, and under all such Rules, Regulations and Provisions, and subject to such Forfeitures and Penalties, as are prescribed, directed and imposed for ascertaining the Price or Value of such Goods by any Act or Acts in force immediately before the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, as if the fame were repeated and re-enacted in this Act.

XXXII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in estimating the Value of British made Salt exported from Great Britain, it shall and may be lawful for the Exporter or Proprietor, or his known Agent or Fador, to dedud so much Money from the Value of such Salt as shall be equal to the Amount of the Duty Excise paid thereon at the time of the Entry of such Salt for the purpose of being exported, and the Value so ascertained shall be deemed and taken to be the true and real Value of such Salt at the Port of Exportation; any thing in this Act, or any other Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That all Rules, Regulations, Conditions and Restrictions, made, established or directed for the remitting or allowing of any Deduction of any Duties on account of Damage nr

Customs aowin ot^ierw^e* for the better securing the Revenue of Customs in Great Britton, or for regulating the Import-force, applied or Exportation of any Goods, Wares or Merchandise into or from Great Britton, or the bringing or to this Act. carrying any Goods, Wares or Merchandise Coastwise, or from Port to Port within Great Britain, or the entering, landing or shipping of any Goods, Wares or Merchandise whatever in Great Britain, and all Provisions, Clauses, Matters and Things relating thereto, contained in'any Act or Acts of Parliament in force in Great Britain immediately before the passing of this Act, "shall be and the same are hereby declared to be ami remain in full Force and Effect, and shall applied to the Subject of this Act, and for carrying the fame into execution, as fully and effecttwdly to all Intents and Purposts, as if dl such Rules, Regulations, Cm-

4itR>ns»

may be detained, &c.

How the Value Of Cotton Wool, & c« imported by Other Persons than the E. I. C., but sold at their Sales, shall be ascertained in charging the Duty.

How Value of Goods sold at the E. I. C.'s Sales, ascertained.

In valuing British Salt exported, Amount of Duty of Excise deducted from Value.

Regulations to secure the

G.

A.D. 1819. 59° GEORGII III.

G.5*- 74£

difakms, Reflridions, Prorifions*Claofes, Matters and Things were repeated and re*enacted in this present Act, except only so far as the same are repealed or altered, or otherwise provided for by this Act.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That no Allowance or Abatement shall at any time be made out of No Allowance or from the Duties by this Act, and the Tables thereto annexed, imposed upon any Currants, Figs or Raisins, for Damage of for or on account or in respect of any Damage which such Currants, Figs or Raifms may have. fuTtained in any Currants, &c. Voyage or otherwise ? any Law, Customor- Usage^to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XXXV. And Whereas it is expedient to prohibit the Importation of all Broken Glass fit only for being remanufactured* Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand Imparting eight hundred and nineteen, if any Broken Glass, fit only to be remanufactured, shall be imported or brought 2"^ into Great Britain, all such Broken Glass, together with the Package or Packages in which the same shall be found, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Customs or Excise; and feite<C&c. that the Person or Persons importing the fame, or aiding or assisting therein, or in the landing, removing or Assisting; concealing of any such Broken Glass, or receiving the lame, knowing it to have been so imported or brought, shall forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds, to be prosecuted, recovered and applied as any other Penalty 100L Penalty or Penalties by any Law or Laws relating to His Majesty's Duties of Custoros and Excise.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That no China Ware or Porcelain Ware, nor any Articles, Goods China or Por-or Wares ornamented with or manufadnred wholly or partly of Or Moulu, shall be imported or brought celain Wane, into any Port in Great Britain, except at the Ports of London, Plymouth, Bristol, Liverpool, Hull, Newcastle, tobeira-Leith and Greenock, upon pain of Forfeiture of all such China Ware, Porcelain Ware, or other Articles, Goods

or Wares aforesaid respectively, as shall be imported or brought into any Port in Great Britain other than p.some or one of the Ports hereinbefore enumerated, together with the Chests, Cases and other Packages respect c tively containing such Wares respectively; and all such China Wares and other Wares respectively, and the Chests, Cases and other Packages respectively containing the fame, shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise.

XXXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That Fish of every Kind or Sort whatever of British pish of British taking and curing, caught or taken in any Part of the Ocean by the Crews of any Ships or Vessels built in taking, &c. Great Britain or Ireland, or the Islands 01 Jersey, Guernsey or Man, or in any of the Colonies, Plantations, may be import- Islands or Territories which now or at the time of building such Ships or Vessels did belong, or which may

hereafter belong to or be in the Possession of His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, and whoHy belonging wjtjlout f£y. to and owned by His Majesty's Subjects, and navigated and registered according to Law, shall and may be mentof Duty. imported into Great Britain in Ships built, owned, navigated and registered as aforesaid, without Payment of any Duty of Customs whatever; any thing in this Act or any'Other Ador Acts to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding: Provided always, that before such Fish shall be admitted to Entry, the Master Master to make or other Person having the Command of the Ship or Vessel in which such Fish shall be imported, shall make Oath of taking. Oath before the Collector or other Chief Officer of the Customs at the Port of Importation (who is hereby and curing of authorised and required to administer such Oath), that such Fish was actually caught, taken and cured wholly such by His Majesty's Subjects.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight Blubber and hundred and nineteen, before any Blubber, Train Oil, Spermaceti Oil, Head Matter or Whale Fins, the Pro- Oil, &c. of the duce of Fish or Creatures living in the Sea, imported into Great Britain as being taken and caught on the Banks Ffshery of and Shores of the Island of Newfoundland, and Parts adjacent, wholly by His Majesty's Subjects carrying on such Fishery from that Island, or as being taken and caught wholly by His Majesty's Subjects usually residing Entry on cer-in any of the Bahama or Bermuda Islands, or as being taken and caught in the Gulph of Saint Lawrence, or tain Condition!, on the Shores of any Britfh Colony or Plantation in North America, or the Parts adjacent, wholly by His Majesty's Subjects usually residing in any of the said Colonies or Plantations, and carrying on such Fishery from thence, shall be admitted to Entry on payment of the Duty imposed on such Bhibber, Train Oil, Sper- Payment of maceti Oil, Head Matter or Whale Fins by this Act and the Table marked A. thereto annexed, the Master, Duty, or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of the Ship or Vessel in which, the same shall be imported, shall produce and deliver to the Collector or other Chief Officer of the Customs at the Port of Importation, a Certificate under the Hand and Seal of the Governor or Deputy Governor of Newfoundland, Certificate of or of such other British Colony or Plantation, or of the Collector or other Chief Officer of the Customs of Governor or the Port or Place in Newfoundland, or in such other- British' Colony or Plantation where such Train Oil,

Blubber, Spermaceti Oil, Head Matter or Whale Fins shall have beea taken on board, or if no such Governor bc*n tjiat or Deputy Governor, or Collector or other Chief Officer of the Customs shall be residing there, .then a such Blubber, Certificate shall be produced under the Hand and Seal of the Naval Officer or other Principal Officer of such &c. was the Port or Place, or of One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peacerfbrthe District, testifying that Oath had been Produce of made brfore hint (wheris hereby-rauthorised and: required to adriunifter such Oath, and to grant such Certi- Fishj Bri-ficate), by the Shipper of such Bhibber, Train. Oily Spermaceti Oil, Head Matter or Whale Fins, that the u en* fame was really and bond side the Produce of Fish or Creatures living in the Sea, actually caught and taken wholly by His: Majesty, 8 Subjects carrying on such Fishery, and usually residing in the fai4 Island of New*

JowuUand, or in His Majesty's European: Dominions, or by* His Majesty's Subjects usually residing in such other British Colony or Plantation* and carrying oil such Fishery. from thence; and the Maftfer or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of thei Ship or, Vessel in which the Blubber or Train Oil shall be imparted into Great Bbrit*mf shall make oath before the, Collector or other Chief Officer at the Port Oath that ef. Importation (vdmdi hfirehfy^aBthorised and required^to adixiniftcrj the fame), that the Blubber, Tfain Oil* Blubber, &c. so Spermaceti Oil, Head Matter or Whale Fins so imported, is the same as.mcttUoiied and referred, to in the imported is the

5 C2 said sameasmea-

tioned In Certificate, and British taken.

If no Certificate, &c. such Blubber, &c. deemed Foreign taken.

Duties on Oil, and other Produce of Fish taken at Newfoundland, and on Cranberries, &c. of that Country, not payable till July 5, 1824.

Duties of Tables C. and E. suspended till July 5, 1824.

Proviso for duly entering and landing of such Goods.

Tonnage Duties of Table E. on Vessels entering Outwards or Inwards to be paid to the proper Officer under the Regulations herein mentioned.

6 G. 3. c. 60.

56 G. 3. c. 9.

Tonnage Duty not to be charged for certain Vessels.

C. 52. 59° GEORGII III. A.D. 1819.

said Certificate; and the Importer or Importers, Consignee or Consignees of such Blubber, Train Oil* Spermaceti Oil, Head Matter or Whale Fins, shall also make oath before the Collector or Comptroller, or other proper Officer of the Customs (who is hereby authbrifed and required to administer such Oath), at the time of Entry, that to the bell of his or their Knowledge and Belief the Blubber, Train Oil, Spermaceti Oil, Head Matter or Whale Fins so imported was actually caught and taken by British Subjects usually residing in the Island of Newfoundland, or in His Majesty's European Dominions, or by His Majesty-'s Subjects usually residing in such other British Colony or Plantation, and carrying on such Fishery from thence; and on Failure of such Certificate being produced, and Proof on Oath as aforesaid being made, such Blubber, Train Oil, Spermaceti Oil, Head Matter and Whale Fins shall be deemed and taken to be of Foreign Fishing, and shall be charged with the Duty imposed by this Act, and the Table marked A. thereto annexed, on such Articles of Foreign Fishery.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That the Payment of the several Duties of Custom6 by this Act*imposed on the Importation of Train Oil, Spermaceti Oil, Head Matter and Whale Fins, the Produce of Fish or Creatures living in the Sea taken and caught on the Banks and Shores of the Island of Newfoundland and Parts adjacent, wholly by His Majesty's Subjects carrying on such Fishery from that Island, and also the Duties payable on Cranberries, Fox Skins, Otter Skins, Seal Skins, Wolf Skins, Bear Skins, Cat Skins, Beaver Skins, and on Timber, being the Produce of Newfoundland, and imported directly from thence, as the same are respectively described and set forth in Figures in the Table marked A. annexed to this Act, shall be and the same are hereby suspended, and the said Duties shall not be charged or payable on any such Articles so imported, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty four, inclusive; and also, that the Duty by this Act imposed on Goods, Wares and Merchandise exported from Great Britain to the said Island of Newfoundland, as described and set forth in the Table hereunto annexed marked C., and also the Tonnage Duties payable on Ships or Vessels entering Inwards or Outwards from or to the said Island of Newfoundland, in any Port of Great Britain, as set forth in the Table hereunto annexed marked E., shall be and the same are hereby in like manner suspended, and shall not respectively be charged or payable until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty four, inclusive; any thing in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that such Goods, Wares and Merchandise shall be duly entered and landed, and shall be subject in every respect to all the Regulations required by Law; and that the several Duties hereby suspended shall revive and become payable from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty four, in such and the like manner as if the said Suspension of Duty had not taken place.

XL. And be it further enacted, That the several Duties of Tonnage imposed by this Act, as described in the Table hereto annexed marked E., on Ships and Vessels entering Outwards or Inwards to or from. Foreign Parts, shall be paid to the proper Officer of the Customs; and that no Officer of the Customs whatsoever, or any Deputy or Clerk of such Officer, shall permit or suffer any Ship or Vessel to break Bulk, or any Part of her Cargo to be discharged; nor shall issue any Order nor grant any Document for the unshipping or landing any Goods, Wares or Merchandise brought or imported by any Ship or Vessel, subject and liable to the Payment of the Duties of Tonnage, until the said Duties have been fully paid to the proper Officer of the Customs; or in case any Doubt or Dispute shall arise as to the true Tonnage thereof, so that a perfect Entry cannot be passed, then in every such Case a sufficient Deposit shall be made of the said Duties with such Officer as aforesaid, previous to any Document being issued or granted for the unshipping or landing any Part of the Cargo of such Ship or Vessel so entering Inwards as aforesaid; any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding; and that the said Duties shall be paid on every Report Inwards, and on every Entry Outwards of each and every Ship and Vessel, for each and every Voyage which any such Ship or Vessel shall so report Inwards or enter Outwards at any Port, within Great Britain; and that the Tonnage of every such Ship or Vessel, being British built or British owned, shall be computed and taken according to the Register thereof in Great Britain under the Provisions of an Act passed in the Parliament of Great Britain, in the Twenty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for the further Increase and Encouragement oj Shipping and Navigation; and that the Tonnage of every other Ship or Vessel, in case of any Doubt or Dispute relative thereto, shall be ascertained in Great Britain by Admeasurement, in the Mode and Manner prescribed and directed by the said Act: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to alter or repeal any of the Regulations contained in an Act passed in the Fifty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for charging certain Duties on Foreign Packets or Passage Vessels entering or departing in any of the Ports of Great Britain; but that all such Regulations shall be applied to the Duties on such Packets or Passage Vessels mentioned, specified and set forth in the Table to this Act annexed, marked E.

XLI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to charge with the Duty of Tonnage imposed by this Act, and the Table marked E. thereto annexed, any Ship or Vessel employed in the Fisheries on any Part of the Coast of Great Britain, and not entering Outwards for Foreign Parts, or any Ship or Vessel employed in bringing Oysters from Jersey or Guernsey into any Port in Great Britain, or to charge the said Tonnage Duty on any British or Jrjb built Ship or Vessel owned by British Subjects, which is not required to be registered by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force in Great Britain or Ireland respectively, on or immediately before the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, or on any Ship or Vessel whatsoever which shall enter Outwards or Inwards in Ballast only; any thing in this Act, or in the Table marked E. hereto annexed, to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

A.D. 1819. 59° GEORGII III. C. 52. 745

XLII. And be it further enacted, That the Drawbacks granted, allowed and made payable upon Goods, Wares and Merchandise exported from Great Britain under or by virtue of any Act or Acts in force in Great Britain immediately before the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, shall remain and continue payable with respect to such Goods, Wares and Merchandise, which, having paid the Duties imposed on the Importation thereof by any Act or Acts in force immediately before the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, shall, after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, be exported from Great Britain; and that the several and respective Drawbacks inserted, specified and set forth in the Tables to this Act annexed, marked A.B. and D., shall be paid and allowed only on the Exportation of such Articles as shall have paid the Duties imposed thereon by this Act and the said Tables thereto annexed.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, such Drawback as is mentioned, specified and set forth in the Table or Schedule marked B. to this Act annexed, shall be allowed in respect of Thrown Silk exported from Great Britain, which shall be thrown in Great Britain from a larger Quantity of Raw Silk imported into Great Britain from any Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies: Provided always, that Oath be first made before the Collector of the Customs at the Port of Exportation by the Throwfter of such Thrown Silk, that the said Thrown Silk was produced solely from Raw Silk which had been so imported into Great Britain, and for which His Majesty's Customs and Duties had been duly paid, and that the fame was duly exported; His Majesty's Searcher also certifying the shipping thereof, and all such other Requisites being duly performed as are necessary to be done and performed with regard to Raw Silk exported from Great Britain.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That no Drawback of the Duties of Customs or Excise shall be allowed on any Wine whatever which shall be exported or shipped for Exportation from Great Britain after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, other than on Wine in Bottles which shall be shipped in Packages each containing Six Dozen reputed Quart Bottles at the lead.

XLV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to repeal or discontinue any Drawback of the Duties of Customs on any Sort of Wine intended for the Use of Admirals, Captains, and other Commissioned Officers serving in any of His Majesty's Ships of War, or for the Use of Commissioned Officers of the Royal Marines, or of Persons acting as such, for their Consumption on board of such of His Majesty's Ships as they shall serve in, by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force in Great Britain on or immediately before the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen: Provided nevertheless, that all the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament in force in Great Britain immediately before the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, relating to any such Drawbacks of the Duties of Customs on such Wine, shall be duly observed and enforced in relation thereto.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, such Drawback as is mentioned, specified and set forth in the Table or Schedule marked A. to this Act annexed, shall be allowed in respect of any Brimstone which shall be refined in Great Britain from a larger Quantity imported rough, and shall be exported from thence upon Oath being first made by the Refiner or Refiners thereof, before the Collector of the Customs at the Port of Exportation, that the said refined Brimstone was produced solely from Brimstone which had been imported into Great Britain unrefined, and for which His Majesty's Customs and Duties had been duly paid, and that the fame was duly exported; His Majesty's Searcher also certifying the Shipping thereof, and all such other Requisites being duly performed as are necessary to be done and performed with regard to Brimstone unrefined exported from Great Britain.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, a Drawback of Nine Tenths, and no more, of all such Duties on Importation as shall have been paid on any Foreign Brimstone, shall be allowed in respect of all such Foreign Bnmftone as at any time after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, shall be used and consumed in Great Britain in making and preparing Oil of Vitriol; any thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament in force immediately before the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding; and that the Amount of such Drawback shall be ascertained, and paid and allowed to the Manufacturers of such Oil of Vitriol, under the Regulations and Restrictions contained in an Act passed in the Fiftieth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for discontinuing the Bounty on Exportation of Oil of Vitriol, and allowing a Drawback of a Proportion of the Duties paid on the Importation of Foreign Brimstone used in making Oil of Vitriol, and under and (iibjeft to the like Penalties upon any Manufacturer of such Oil for delivering any false Accounts in respect of Foreign Brimstone used and consumed in his Manufactory, with intent to defraud His Majesty, as are contained in the said Act of the Fiftieth Year, and as if the fame were repeated and re-enacted in this Act.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, for all Coals used for any Purpose relating to the carrying on the Works for the manufacturing of Tin Plates at Penny gored in the County of Pembroke, called the Pennygored Works, for which the Duties granted by this Act shall have been duly paid, a Drawback shall be allowed of all such Duties, not exceeding the Sum of One thousand Pounds in any One Year: Provided always, that the said Drawback shall be paid upon the Proofs and under the Conditions required by an Act passed in the Thirty fifth Year of the Reign

Drawbacks to

remain for Goods exported before the passing of this Act.

Drawbacks of Tables A.B. D.

Drawback on Thrown Silk imported from East Indies.

Oath of Produce of Thrown Silk.

No Drawback allowed on Wine exported, except in Bottles.

Proviso as to Drawback on Wine for the; Use of Admirals, Captains, &c. for their Consumption on board of Ships.

Drawbacks on refined Brimstone.

Oath of Produce of such Brimstone.

Drawback of Nine Tenths of Duties on Foreign Brimstone used in Great Britain in making Oil of Vitriol.

50 0.3. c. 4<X

Drawback for Coals used at the Penny-gored Works.

Under Conditions of SS G. 3. C. 3}

Drawback for Coals used iu melting Copper or Lead Ore in Apglesey;

as by 26 G. 3. c. 104.

Drawback for Stone used in Great Britain in making Barn Floors;

to whom allowed:

and for Stone of G. B. brought Coastwise, and used in G. B. for paving Pub* lie Streets, upon Proof and Condi rionshere. in mentioned.

An Account of hereditary and*, temporary Revenues kept distinct from other Branches of Revenue, and laid before Parliament.

Proviso -fin* Hereditary Revenue of Scotland*

Duties paid into Exchequer, and carried to Consolidated Fund*

Increase of Duties deemed an Addition made, to the Revenue.

Commissioners to close the

G.5*. 59°' GEORGII III. A.D. i»*7.

Reign of His present' Majesty, intituled An A&for allowing a Drawback of the Duties upon Coals used in carry-ing on the Peimygored'ITorii', in the County of Pembroke*

XLIX. And be it further enacted* Thfct from and after the>Fifth*Day of July One thousand eight hundredi and nineteen, for all Coals which shall be used in calcining or smelting Copper or Lead Ore within the Me, of Anglesey, or which shall be used in Fire Engines for draining Water out of the Mines of Copper and Lead within the said Isle, for which the Duties granted by this Act shall have been duly paid, a Drawback shall be allowed of all such Duties: Provided always, that the said Drawback shall be paid upon the Proofs required by an Act passed in the Twenty hath Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for allowing a'Drawback of the Duties upon Coals used in smelting Copper or Lead 0rcs9 and in Fire Engines for draining\ Water out of the Copper and Lead Mines, within the Isle of Anglesey.

L. And be it further enacted, That' from and after the said Fifth, Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, a Drawback of the whole Duty specified in Table D* to this Act annexed, on Stone the Production of Great Britain, brought Coastwise from any Port or Place in Great Britain to any other Port or Place therein, shall be allowed in respect of such Stone as at any time after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, shall be used and employed in Great Britain in making Barn Floors; and that the Amount of such Drawback shall be allowed to the Person by whom such Stone was used and employed, upon Proof to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of the Customs that such. Duty was paid, and that such Stone was-so used and employed for such Purpose as aforesaidi

LI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, a Drawback of the Duty specified in Table D. to this Act annexed, on Stone the Production of Great Britain brought Coastwise from any Port or Place in Great Britain to any other Port or Place therein, shall be repaid in respect of such Stone as at any time after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, shall be ufedi and employed in Great Britain in paving Streets and Public Ways upon Proof of the actual Payment of such Duty, and under such Conditions and Rules, Regulations and Restrictions, as shall from time to time be directed and made by the Commissioners of His Majestys Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or any Three of them, for that Purpose.

LII. And Whereas by the Consolidation of the different Branches of the public Revenue, and of the several Duties payable on the Importation or Exportation of Goods, Wares and Merchandise, and the Ap*propriation thereof as directed by the several Acts in force in England, the hereditary and temporary Revenue8 of the Crown, of Subsidies of Tonnage and Poundage, and of other Duties upon Goods, Wares and Merchandise arifingin England, are not now kept distinct and separate at the several Offices, but have become blended with other ^Duties of Customs and Tonnage* both in the Collection and Appropriation thereof: And Whereas it is expedient that Provision should be made for ascertaining the annual Amount of what such hereditary Revenues would have produced in case the fame had not been so- consolidated, and that an Account should hereafter be kept of such annual Amount* Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for the time being, or any Three or more of them, shall cause to be prepared and kept an Account of what-such hereditary Revenue arising in England would have amounted to in case the fame had not been, and was not consolidated and collected with other Duties of Customs and Tonnage in the Collection and Appropriation thereof, in such Manner and Form as shall appear to the said Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, best adapted to ascertain such Amount; which Account the said Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners for the time being, are hereby required to make out or cause to be* made out and laid before Parliament, together with the Public Accounts directed to be laid before Pafrhament pursuant to the Provisions of the several Acts for directing Public Accounts to be laid annually before Parliament.

LIII. Provided always* and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to affect or alter the Hereditary Revenue of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successorsin Scotland, or other Revenues there granted to His late Majesty King George the Second during his Life, aaid referred to His present Majesty during his Life, by an Act made in the First>Year of His present Majesty* Reign, but the fame, and the Civil Establishment payable out of the fame* shall continue to be paid in like manner as heretofore; any thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies arising by the Duties imposed by this Act (the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the fame excepted), shall from time to time be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer in Great Britain, and shall be carried to and made Part of the Consols« dated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland* except* only as by this Act is specially provided, and shall be appropriated in like manner, and to the fame Services as the Duties by this Act repealed would have been if this Act had not been passed.

LV. And Whereas in the Consolidation of the Duties of Customs on.Goods, Wares and Merchandise under this Act, such Duties are in various Instances increased Be it therefore enacted, That of the Monies arising, or to arise out of such Increase of the Duties hereby granted, the Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds, being the estimated Produce of such Increase, shall be deemed an Addition made to the Revenue for the purpose of defraying the increased Charges occasioned by any Loan to be made, or any Sums to be raised or applied by virtue of any Act or Acts passed or to be passed in this present Seiflomof Parliament.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That itfttall be lawfuLfor the Commissioners of Customs in England for the time being, or any Four or more of them, and the Commissioners of Customs in Scotland for the* time'bcingyvor*

any

A.D. 1819. 59° GEO. RGII

747

uny Three or more of them, 'fiually tofettfeandclofe the Accounts of any Collectors or Receivers of any Part Asoouatsofl iof the Revenue of Customs, or other Duties under their Management, notwithstanding any erroneous Appli- Collectors or cation of any Duties of Custotns -received <by such Collectors or Receivers; and the said Commissioners are Receivers, not-hereby respectively empowered to correct such Application, in order to prevent the Accounts of any such ^ye^oneoua Collectors or Receivers from being kept open, unsettled and unliquidated; and all such Corrections shall and are Application4>f hereby directed to be allowed by the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts in Great Britain, in the the Duties, puffing the general Accounts or Customs, Subsidies or Impositions.

EVII. And be it further enacted, That all Monies arising from any Duties of Customs, or any Arrears Duties levied thereof, which shall be raised, levied, collected, paid or received from and after the said Fifth Day of July after July 5, One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, for or on account of any Goods, Wares or Merchandise whatever J#i9» on Good* imported or brought into Great Britain or exported from Great Britain, or brought or carried Coastwise, or imPort^ or from Port to Port within Great Britain, although the Amount of the said Duties may have been computed and CoLt-

ascertained as such Duties have been usually computed and ascertained before the said Fifth Day of July One wise before thousand eight hundred and nineteen, and although the Goods, Wares or Merchandise whereon any such Duties that Day, &c. of Customs may have been charged, or may be charged, may have been imported into or exported from Great fha\lbe applied Britain, or brought or carried Coastwise, or from Port to Port within Great Britain, before the said Fifth Day " [be* Duties of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, and although any Duties of Customs due and payable^or charged or chargeable thereon, may have been secured by Bond or otherwise on or before the said Fifth granted, except Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, shall, from and after the said Fifth Day of July otherwise in One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, be appropriated and applied in like manner and to the fame Pur- this Act pro-rposes as the Duties of Customs by this Act granted are directed to be appropriated and applied, except as vided*

'is in this Act provided; any Act or Acts of Parliament, Daw, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding; and that all Monies arising by any of the Revenues of Customs hereafter to be paid or allowed, either upon Bond or otherwise, either by way of Drawback, Bounty, Certificate, Premium or Allowance, or by any other legal Document whatever, from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, although the Amount of the same shall have been computed and ascertained in like manner in which they have heretofore been usually computed and ascertained, or shall have become due before the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, shall and may be paid or allowed in like manner <by the proper Officer or Officersoi the Customs, out of any Monies in their Hands arising from the Duties of 'Customs respectively.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That the several Sums of Money respectively inserted, described and Duties to be set forth in Figures in the several Tables to this Act annexied, as the Duties of Customs upon, for or in levied and paid respect of the several Goods, Wares or Merchandise specified in the said Tables or any of them, or as the 2uSw and Duties of Customs on Ships or Vessels according to the Tonnage thereof, may and shall respectively be Drawbacks managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, recovered and allowed (except where any unless hereby Alteration is expressly made by this Act, ) in such and the like manner and by the fame Means, Ways and altered. Methods as former Duties of Customs and Drawbacks of Duties of Customs upon Goods, Wanes or Merchandise in general; and also by any such special Means, Ways or Methods respectively, as former Duties of Customs and Drawbacks of Duties of Customs upon Goods, Wares or Merchandise of the fame Sorts or Kinds, or Duties on Ships or Vessels according to the Tonnage thereof respectively, were or might be managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, recovered and allowed, under or by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force in Great Britain immediately before the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen; and that the Goods, Wares or Merchandise whereon Duties of Customs are by this Act charged, and Drawbacks of Duties of Customs allowed, as the same are respectively inserted, described and set forth in the said Tables to this Act annexed, upon the Importation thereof into or Exportation thereof from Great Britain, or on any other Account whatever, and all Ships and Vessels allowed, subject whereon .any Duties are charged or payable according to the Tonnage thereof* shall be and the same are to Conditions* hereby made subject and liable to all and every the Conditions, Rules, Restrictions, Seizures and Forfeitures, to which Goods, Wares or Merchandise in general, and also all and every the speciial Conditions, Rules,

Regulations, Restrictions, Seizures, Sales and Forfeitures respectively, to which the like Goods, Wares or Merchandise, or Ships or Vessels whereon any Duties are chargeable or payable according to the Tonnage thereof respectively, were subject and liable by any Act or Acts of Parliament in -force in Great Britain tMuediately before the said Fifth-Day Jof July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, relating to the Revenue of Customs, or such Tonnage Duties as afore&ud (except where any Alteration is expressly made by this Act); and all Pains, Penalties, Fines and Forfeitures, of whatever Nature dr Kind the lame may be, as well Pains of Death as others, for any Offence whatever committed against or in breach of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force in Great Britain immediately before the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, made for securing the Revenue of Customs, or such Tonnage Duties as aforesaid, or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof, and the several Clauses, Powers, Provisions and Declarations contained in any such Act or Acts, shall (unless where expressly altered by this Act), and the same are hereby directed and declared to extend to, and shall be respectively applied, practised and put in execution for and in respect of the several Duties of Customs and Tonnage, and Drawbacks of Duties of Customs, hereby charged and allowed, in as full and ample Manner to all Intents and Purposes whatever, as if all and every the said Acts, Clauses, Provisions, Powers, Directions, Fines, Pains, Penalties or Forfeitures were particularly Appealed and re-enacted in the Body of this Act, and made Part thereof.

And the Good* on which Duties

&c. of former Acts.

748

Limitation of Actions.

[General Issue.]

Treble Costs,

Act altered, &c. this Session.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced against any Person or Persons for any thing done in pursuance of this Act, such Action or Suit shall be commenced within Three Calendar Months next after the Fast committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid in the County or Place where the Cause of Complaint did arise, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant in every such Action or Suit may plead the General Issue, and give this A A and the Special Matter in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon; and if the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action or Suit, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his, her or their Action or Suit after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if, upon Demurrer, Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same as any Defendant had in other Cases to recover Costs by Law.

LX. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be amended, altered or repealed by any Act or Acts to be made in this present Session of Parliament.

TABLES referred to in this Act.

TABLE (A.)

A TABLE of the DUTIES of CUSTOMS payable on Goods, Wares and Merchandise imported into Great Britain from Foreign Parts (except Goods, Wares and Merchandise of the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of any Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and Goods imported from His Majesty's Settlement of the Cape of Good Hope, and the Territories and Dependencies thereof); and of the Drawbacks to be allowed on the Exportation of such Goods, Wares and Merchandiie.

TABLE (B.)

A TABLE of the DUTIES of CUSTOMS payable on Goods, Wares and Merchandise, being of the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of any Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies imported into Great Britain; and on Goods, Wares and Merchandise imported into Great Britain from His Majesty's Settlement of the Cape of Good Hope, and the Territories and Dependencies thereof; and of the Drawbacks to be allowed on the Exportation of such Goods, Wares and Merchandise.

TABLE (C.)

A TABLE of the DUTIES of CUSTOMS payable on Goods, Wares and Merchandise exported from Great Britain.

TABLE (D.)

A TABLE of the DUTIES of CUSTOMS payable on Goods, Wares and Merchandise brought or carried Coastwise from one Port or Place to any other Port or Place within Great Britain; and of the Drawbacks to be allowed on the Exportation thereof from Great Britain.

TABLE (E.)

A TABLE of the TONNAGE DUTIES of CUSTOMS payable on Ships or Vessels entering Inwards or Outwards (except in Ballast) in any Port of Great Britain from or to Foreign Parts.

TABLE (F.)

LISTS of ARTICLES which may be lodged in Warehouses, or otherwise secured, at approved Ports in Great Britain, under the Rule3, Regulations and Securities required by Law, without Payment, at the time of the First Entry, of the Duties due on the Importation thereof.

TABLE

A.D. 1819. 59° GEORGII III. C. 52.

TABLE (A.)

A TABLE of the DUTIES of CUSTOMS payable on Goods, Wares and Merchandise imported into Great Britain from Foreign Parts (except Goods, Wares und Merchandise of the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of any Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and Goods imported from His Majesty's Settlement of the Cape of Good Hope, and the Territories and Dependencies thereof); and of the Drawbacks to be allowed on the Exportation of such Goods, Wares and Merchandise.

TABLE (A.) — INWARDS. Duty. Drawback.

A. £ x. d. £ s. d.

Acacia, the lb. --- Acetous Acid, See Vinegar. O O' 0 0 1 4

Acorus, the lb. - - - 0 0 10 0 0 6

Adianthum, the lb. Agaric, the cwt. Agates, viz. polished or otherwise manufactured, for every £ 100 of the Value rough or unmanufactured, for every ^100 of the Value Alderney, Island of See Guernsey. Ale, See Beer. Alkali, viz. any Article containing Soda or Mineral Alkali, whereof Mineral Alkali is the most valuable Part, (such Alkali not being otherwise particularly charged with Duty) - - — if not containing a greater Proportion of such Alkali, than 20 per Centum, — - imported in a British-built Ship, the 0 0 8 1 18 0 60 0 0 20 0 0 0 0 5

cwt. - imported in a Ship not British-built, 0 11 4 0 5 8

the cwt. - - - if containing more than 20 per Centum, and not exceeding 25 per Centum of such Alkali, - — imported in a British-built Ship, the 0 12 0 0 5 8

cwt. - imported in a Ship not British-built, the cwt. - if containing more than 25 per Centum, and not exceeding 30 per Centum of such Alkali, - imported in a British-built Ship, the 0 15 0 0 7 6

0 15 8 0 7 6

cwt. - imported in a Ship not British-built, the cwt. -59 Geo. III. 5 D 0 18 4 092

0 19 0 092

the lb, from the

Place of their

Alkali — any Article containing Soda, &c. continued.

if containing more than SO per Centum, and

not exceeding 40 per Centum of such Alkali,

- imported in a British-built Ship, the cwt.

- imported in a Ship not British-built,

the cwt.

- if containing more than 40 per Centum of such Alkali,

- imported in a British-built Ship, the

cwt.

- imported in a Ship not British-built, the cwt.

Alkanet Root, the lb.

Alkermes, Confection of, the oz.

Almond Paste, for every ^100 of the Value

Almonds, viz.

- 1 Bitter, the cwt. -

- Jordan, the cwt.

- of any other Sort, the cwt.

- Oil of, Sec Oil.

Aloes, viz.

- Hepatica or Barbadoes Aloes,

- Socotorina, imported directly

Growth, the lb.

- imported not directly from the Place of their

Growth, the lb.

of any other Sort, the lb.

the cwt. -

Roch Alum, the cwt.

Amber, viz.

- Beads, See Beads.

" Oil of, See Oil.

- Rough, the lbr

- not otherwise enumerated or described, for every j^IOO

of the Value

Ambergris, the oz.

Ambra Liquida, the lb.

America, United States of.

Note. — Upon the Importation into any Part of Great Britain of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, being the Growth, Production, or Manufacture of any of the Territories of the United States of America, direct from the said Territories in any Ship or Vessel built in the Countries belonging to the said States, or any of them, or taken by any of the Ships or Vessels of War belonging to the Government, or any of the Inhabitants of the said States, having Commissions or Letters of Marque and Reprisal from the Government of the said States, and condemned as lawful Prize in any Court of Admiralty there, such Ship or Vessel being owned by the Subjects of the said States, or any of them, and whereof the Master and Three-fourths of the Mariners are also Subjects of the said States, no higher or other Duties shall be charged or paid than such as are charged and payable upon Goods, Wares, and Merchan-

Alum,

£ s. d. £ /. d.

1 3 4 0 11 8

I 4 0 0 11 8

1 10 0 0 15 0

1 10 8 0 15 O

0 0 10 0 0 6

0 1 8 —

60 0 0 —

1 11 8 i 8 0

4 15 0 4 4 O

2 7 6 2 2 0

0 1 3 0 0 10

0 2 6 0 1 8

0 390 2 6

0 090 0 6

0 17 6 __

0 11 8 —

0 1 8 0 1 1

60 o, 0

0 5 0

0 3 4 —

America, continued.

di«e, of the like Denomination or Description, being the Growth, Production, or Manufacture of any of the Territories of the United States of America, and being imported in British-built Ships or Vessels navigated and registered according to Law, See 56 Geo. 3. cap. 15. which Act is to continue in force so long as the Convention between His Majesty and the United States of America shall continue in force.

Ammi or Amios Seed, See Seed.

Ammoniac, viz.

- Gum, See Gum Ammoniac.

- Sal, See Sal Ammoniac.

Anacardium, the lb.

Anchor Stocks, See Wood.

Anchovies, See Fish.

Angelica, the lb.

Angusturee Cortex, See Bark.

Anime Gum, See Gum.

Aniseed, See Seed.

- Oil of, See Oil.

Annotto or Rocou, viz.

- Flag, the lb.

- Roll or any other Sort, not otherwise enumerated or described, the lb.

Antimony, viz.

- Crude, the cwt.

- Regulus of Antimony, the cwt.

Apples, the Bushel -

- dried, the Bushel -

Aquafortis, the cwt.

Arabic Gum, See Gum.

Arangoes, imported from Europe under Licence for Exportation to Africa, for every 100l. of the Value For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, under which Arangoes may be so imported, See 5 Geo. 3. cap. SO.

Archelia, See Orchal.

Argol, the cwt -

Anstolochia, the lb.

Arquebusade Water, See Spirits.

Arrow Root or Powder, the lb.

Arsenic, viz.

- White, 'the cwt -

- of any other Sort, the cwt -

Asafaetida, imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb.

- imported not directly from the Place of its Growth,

the lb.

Asarum Root, the lb.

Ashes, viz.

- Pearl and Pot, imported in a British-built Ship the cwt

- imported in a Ship not British-built, the cwt.

jD 2

£ /. d.

0 2 0 0 1 4

0 0 10 0 0 6

0 0 5

0 10

0 15 0

2 0 0 0 4 0 0 7 0 0 14 3

3 3 4

0 490 0 10

0 0 2

0 14 3

0 18 8

0 0 10

0 1 3

0 0 8

0 11 2

0 12 0

£. i.

0 0 6

0 0 6

0

0

090 5

TABLE (A.) — INWARDS.

Ashes, continued.

- Pearl and Pot, of the British Plantations in America,

and imported directly from thence, the cwt.

- Soap and Wood, the cwt, -

- not otherwise enumerated or described, for every 100l.

of the Value -

Asphaltum, the lb.

Asses, each

Attar of Roses, See Otto of Roses.

Auripigmentum, See Orpiment.

B.

Bacon or Hams, the cwt.

Badger Skins. See Skins.

Balaustia, the lb.

Balks, See Wood.

Balls, viz. Washing Balls, the lb.

Balm of Gilead, See Balsam.

Balsam, viz.

- Canada, the lb.

--Copaiba or Capivi, the lb.

- Riga, the lb.

Riga Balsam is also subject to a Duty of Excise. --Balm of Gilead, Balsam of Peru, of Tolu, and all Balsams not otherwise enumerated or described, the lb. Bandstring Twist, the Dozen Knots, each Knot containing 32 Yards -

Barbadoes Tar, See Tar.

Barilla, See Alkali.

Bark, viz.

--Angustura Bark, the lb.

- Cascarilla Bark, See Eleutheria Bark in Bark.

--Cinchona Bark, See Peruvian Bark in Bark.

--Clove Bark, the lb.

--Eleutheria, or Cascarilla Bark, the lb.

--Guiacum Bark, the cwt.

--Jesuits Bark, See Peruvian Bark in Bark.

--Oak Bark the cwt.

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, under which Oak Bark may be imported on Payment of this Duty, See 12 Geo. 3. cap. 50. continued by subsequent Acts, and by 52 Geo. 3. cap. 18. made perpetual.

- 7 Solid vegetable Extract from Oak Bark, See

Extract.

- Black Oak, or Quercitron Bark, for the Purpose of dying, imported from any Country not in Europe, in Casks containing not less than 150lbs. net, the cwt.

- otherwise imported, for every 100l. of the Value -

--Peruvian, or Jesuits Bark, the lb.

- Extract, or Preparation of, See Extract

- Red Mangrove Bark, imported in Casks containing not

less than 150lbs. net, the cwt.

Duty. Drawback.

£ s. d. £ s. d.

0 1 8

0 1 8 —

20 0 0 -

0 0 10 0 0 6

3 6 6

2 16 0

0 0 10 —

0 18 —

0 1 3 0 0 10

0 2 0 0 1 4

0 1 0 —

0 4 6 —

0 5 0 —

0 0* 0 0 1 4

0 010 0 0 6

020 0 1 4

1 8 0 0 18 8

0 0 8

0 2 0

20 0 0 —

0 2 0 0 1 4

0 0 8' —

TABLE (A.) — INWARDS,

Duty. Drawback.

£ «f. d. £ / d»

20 0 0

0 0 8 0 0&

0 10 0 0 8

0 0 8 0 0 5

20 0 0 —

o a o —

0 S 2

50 0 0 —.

0 10 0

0 1 8 0 1 1

0 2 6 0 18

0 12 0

0 15 10

18 6

0 S 2 —

50 0 0 —

0 0 10

1 2 2

1 7 0 —

0 14 0

Bark, continued.

--Red Mangrove Bark, otherwise imported, for every 100Z.

of the Value -

- Sassafras Bark, the lb.

--Simarouba Bark, the lb.

--Winters Bark, the lb.

--Bark not otherwise enumerated or described, being for the Use of Dyers or of Tanners, and for no other Use or Purpose whatever, for every 100Z. of the Value — Bark not particularly enumerated or described, nor otherwise charged with Duty, whether pulverized or not, the lb.

Barley, See Corn.

- Hulled, Sec Pearl Barley.

Barras, Dutch, See Canvas in Linen.

Basins of Marble, See Marble Basins in Stone.

Basket Rods, the Bundle, not exceeding Three Feet in Circumference at the Band Baskets, for every 100l. of the Value Bast Ropes, the cwt.

Bast or Straw Hats or Bonnets, See Hats.

- Platting or other Manufacture of Bast or Straw

for making Hats or Bonnets, See Platting.

l^End^'W-xx1-

Bay Berries, See Berries.

Bay, Oil of, See Oil.

Bay Yarn, See Woollen Yam in Yam.

Bdellium, imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb.

- imported not directly from the Place of its Growth,

the lb.

Beads, viz,

- Amber Beads, the lb.

- Coral Beads, the lb.

- Crystal Beads, the 1000 -

- Jet Beads, the lb.

- Beads not otherwise enumerated or described, for every

100Z. of the Value Beans, See Com.

- Kidney or French Beans, the Bushel

Bear Skins, )0 01

Beaver SW

- Wool, See Wool.

Bed Feathers, See Feathers for Beds, in Feathers.

Beds, See Feather Beds.

Beech Boards,

--Plank, KSee Wood.

--Quarters. J

Beer or Bigg, See Com.

Beer, viz.

- Mum, the Barrel containing 32 Gallons

- Spruce Beer, the Barrel containing 82 Gallons

or Ale, of all' other Sorts, the Barrel, containing 82 Gallons.Mum, Beer, and Ale, are subject also to a Duty of Excise.

754 C. 52. 59° GEORGII III. A.D. 1819.

TABLE (A.) — INWARDS. Duty. Drawback.

Bees Wax, See Wax. £ r. d. £ s. d.

Bell Metal, See Metal. Belvedere Raisins, See Raisins. Benjamin or Benzoin, the lb. - - 0 2 0 0 1 4

Benzoin, See Benjamin. Bergamot, Essence of, See Essence. Berries, viz. Bay, the cwt. 0 11 1

Juniper, the cwt. ... Yellow, for Dyers Use, the cwt. Berries for Dyers Use, not otherwise enumerated or described, the cwt. - 0 11 1 1 8 6 1 39 —

or described, for every LOO /. of the Value 50 0 0

Bestdals, See Man, Isle of Bezoar Stones, the oz. 0 2 6

Bigg or Beer, See Corn. Birds, viz. Singing Birds, the Dozen ... 0 8 0

Bitumen Judaicum, the lb. 0 0 10 0 0 6

Blacking, the cwt. - 3 12 0

Black Latten, See Latten. Lead, See Lead. Bladders, the Dozen - 0 0 6

Blocks of Marble, See Marble Blocks, in Stone. Blubber, See Train Oil in Oil. Boards, See Wood. Bole Armenic or Armenian Bole, the cwt. 0 8 0 0 5 4

Bones of Cattle and other Animals, and of Fish, except Whale Fins, for every 100l. of the Value 1 0 0

Bonnets, See Hats. Books, Printed, or Manuscripts, viz. — -- Half Bound or in any way Bound, the cwt Unbound, the cwt Borax or Tincal, viz. refined, the lb. ... 6 10 0 5 0 0 0 1 8 —

unrefined, the lb. 0 0 8

Drawback on the Exportation of Borax or Tincal refined in Great Britain from a larger Quantity imported unrefined, the lb. - #0 0 8

For the Conditions under which such Drawback can only be allowed, See 17 Geo. 2. cap. 31. Botargo, See Fish. Bottles, viz. of Earth or Stone, the Dozen Bottles of Stone are subject also to a Duty of Excise of Glass covered with Wicker, the Dozen Quarts - — of Green or common Glass, full or empty, not of less Content than One Pint, and not being Phials, the Dozen Quarts - 0 3 2 1 2 0 0 8 0 —

Subject also to a Duty of Excise, of Glass not otherwise enumerated or described, for every 100l. of the Value - 80 0 0

Note. — Flasks in which Wine or Oil is imported are not subject to Duty. Bowsprits, See Masts in Wood. Boxes of all Sorts for every 100l. of the Value 50 0 0

Box Wood, See Wood.

Brandy, See Spirits.

Braso, viz.

- Manufactures of, not otherwise enumerated or described,

for every 100l. of the Value Powder of, for Japanning, See Powder.

- Wire, See Wire.

Brazil, See Portugal.

Brazil Wood, \ , w,

BraziUetto Wood,

Bricks or Clinkers, the 1000 -

Brimstone, viz.

- rough, imported in a British-built Ship, the cwt.

- imported in a Ship not British-built, the cwt

Drawback on the Exportation of Brimstone in any way refined in Great Britain from a larger Quantity imported rough, the cwt.

For the Conditions under which such Drawback can olily be allowed, See the Act to w'hich this Table is annexed.

11 in Rolls, imported in a British built Ship, the cwt.

- imported in a Ship not British-built, the

cwt.

- in Flour, imported in a British built Ship, the cwt.

- imported in a Ship not British built, the

cwt.

For the Conditions and Regulations under which Nine Tenths of the Duties of Customs paid on Biimstone, may be repaid on such as is used and consumed in making and preparing Oil of Vitriol, See 50 Geo. 3. cap. 40. 55 Geo. 3. cap. 66. and 56 Geo. 3. cap. 81. and the Act to which this Table is annexed.

Bristles, viz.

- dressed, imported in a British-built Ship, the Dozen lbs.

- imported in a Ship not British-built, the Dozen lbs.

- rough or undressed, imported in a British-built Ship,

the Dozen lbs.

- imported in a Ship not British-

built, the Dozen lbs. Bronze Figures, not being Statues, for every 100Z. of the Value — - Powder, See Powder.

- Statues, See Statues.

Bruges Thread, See Thread.

Buck or Deer Skins, See Skins.

Buck Wheat, the Quarter containing Eight Bushels (until the 25th March 1821)

Buffalo Hides, See Hides.

- Horns, See Horns.

- Tails, See Tails.

Bugle, viz.

*--Great, the lb.

- Small or Seed, the lb.

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, under which Bugles may be warehoused on Importation, See 5 Geo. S. cap. 30.

- Great, to be warehoused, the Dozen lbs.

Duty.

£ s. d.

50 0 0

1 2 6

0 15 0

0 15 10

1 0 0

1 0 8 1 3 9

1 5 0

0 12 0

0 IS 0

0 a 7

0 4 0

50 0 0

0 10 0

0 3 2

0 4 9

0 1 7

£ s. d.

#0 15 0

TABLE (A.) — INWARDS. Duty. Drawback.

Bugle, continued. £ s. d. £ s. d.

1 r Small or Seed, to be warehoused, the Dozen lbs. When taken out of such Warehouse to be used in Great Britain, 0 3 2

Great, the lb. - 0 3 2 —

Small, or Seed, the lb. - Bullion and Foreign Coin of Gold or Silver, Duty-free. Bull Rushes, the Load, containing 63 Bundles Bulls Hair, See Cow Hair in Hair. Hides, See Buffalo Hides in Hides. Horns, See Horns. Tails, See Buffalo Tails in Tails. Burgundy Pitch, See Pitch. Burrachas, See Caoutchouc. Burrs for Mill Stones, See Stone. See also the Note under the Head of Guernsey. Busts of Bronze, See Statues. Busts or Figures of Marble or Stone* See Sculptured Marble in Stone. not otherwise enumerated or described, for 0 49 —

0 12 0

every 100l. of the Value 50 0 0 —

Butter, imported in a British-built Ship, the cwt. 1 0 0 —

imported in a Ship not British-built, the cwt 15 0 —

C. Cables tarred or untarred, whether in use or otherwise, the cwt Cable Yarn, See Yarn. Cajaputa, Oil of, See Oil. Cake Lac, See Lac in Gum. Cakes made of Linseed, See Linseed Cakes. Rape Seed, See Rape Cakes. Calabar Skins, See Squirrel Skins in Skins. Calaminaris Lapis, See Lapis. 1 1 6

Calamus Aromaticus, the lb. Calicoes, printed, painted, stained, or dyed, and other Goods, being die Product or Manufacture of the East Indies, which are prohibited to be worn or used in Great Britain, imported from Europe under Licence for Exportation to Africa, Duty-free. For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which such Calicoes may be so imported. See 5 Geo. 3. c. SO. Calves Skins, See Skins. 0 0 Iff 0 0 6

Calves Velves, the cwt. Cambogium, See Gamboge. Cambricks, See Linen. Camel Hair, See Hair. Camel or Mohair Yam, See Yarn. 0 116

Camomile Flowers, the lb. Camphor, viz* 0 0 6* O 0

refined, the lb. - 0 2 6 —

unrefined, the lb. # Drawback on the Exportation of Camphor refined in Great Britain from a larger Quantity imported 0 1 3

unrefined, the lb. For the Conditions under which such Drawback can only be allowed, See 17 Geo. 2. eap. 31.0 1 s

TABLE (A.) — INWARDS.

Cam Wood, See Wood.

Canada Balsam, See Balsam.

Canary Seed, See Seed.

Cancrorum Oculi, the lb. Candles, viz.

- Spermaceti, the lb.

- Tallow, the cwt.

- Wax, the lb.

Candlewick, the cwt.

Cane Hats or Bonnets, See Hats.

- Platting or other Manufacture of Cane to make Hats or

Bonnets, See Platting.

Canella Alba, the lb, -

Canes, viz.

- Rattans, the 1, 000 -

--Reed Canes, die 1, 000 -

--Walking, for every 100l. of the Value

Cantharides, the lb.

Canvass, See Linen.

Caoutchouc, or Elastic Gum, the lb, -

Cape of Good Hope. For the Duties and Drawbacks on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize imported from the Settlement of the Cape of Good Hope, and the Territories and Dependencies thereof, See Table (B.)

Capers, the lb.

Capita Papaverum, the 1, 000 -

Caps, viz.

--Cotton, for every 100l. of the Value

- Worsted, for every 100l. of the Value Capsicum, See Guinea Pepper in Pepper.

Caraway, Oil of, See Oil.

- Seed, See Seed. t

Cardamoms, the lb.

- Extract or Preparation of, See Extract.

Cards, viz. Playing Cards, the Dozen Packs Cariophyllorum Cortex, See Clove Bark in Bark.

- Oleum, See Oil of Cloves.

Carmenia Wool, See Goat Hair in Hair.

Carmine, the oz.

Carpets, viz.

- of Turkey, under Four Yards square, the Carpet

- Four Yards square, and not exceeding Six

Yards square, the Carpet

- exceeding Six Yards square, the Carpet -

- not otherwise enumerated or described, for every 100l.

of the Value Carrabe, See Succinum.

Carriages of all Sorts, for every 100l. of the Value Carrot Seed, 1 e c? j Carthamus Seed, Seed#

Carui Oleum, See Oil of Caraway.

Cascarilla Cortex, See Eleutheria Bark in Bark.

Cashew Gum, See Gum.

--Nuts, See Nuts.

Casks, empty, for every 100l. of the Value

59 Geo. III. 5 E

Duty. Drawback.

£ s. d. £ s. d.

0 13 0 0 ro

0 2 6 - 1

3 3 4

0 2 6 —

4 8 8

0 0 8 0 0 5

1 0 0 -

1 6 6 —

50 0 0

0 3 6 0 2 4

0 0 5 —

0 1 0

0 3 6 0 2 4

50 0 0 -

50 0 0

0 2 0 0 1 4

4 0 0 —

0 4 0 —

1 10 0 —

5 10 0

8 15 0 1!

50 0 0 —

50 0 0

O 0 0 —

TABLE (A.) — INWARDS.

Cassia, viz.

- Buds, the lb.

- Fistula, the lb.

- Lignea, the lb.

- Oil of, See Oil.

Cast Iron, See Iron.

Castor, the lb.

.. Oil of See Oil.

- Seed, See Seed.

Casts of Busts, Statues, or Figures, the cwt.

Catechu, See Terra Japonica.

Catlings, Harpstrings, or Lutestrings, the Gross, containing Twelve Dozen Knots -

Cat Skins, See Skins.

Cattle from the Isle of Man, See Man, Isle of.

Caviare, See Fish.

Cayenne Pepper, See Pepper.

Chalk, prepared, or otherwise manufactured, and not otherwise enumerated or described, for every 100l. of the Value - — unmanufactured, and not otherwise enumerated or described, for every 100l. of the Value Charts, See Maps.

Cheese, imported in a British-built Ship, the cwt.

imported in a. Ship not British-built, the cwt.

Chemical Oil, See Oil. Cherries, the cwt.

dried, the lb.

Chesnuts, See Nuts.

Chillies, See Guinea Pepper in Pepper.

Chimney Pieces of Marble or Stone sculptured, See Sculptured Marble in Stone.

China Root, the lb.

China Ware or Porcelain, not otherwise enumerated or described, for every 100l. of the Value Chip Hats or Bonnets, See Hats.

Chip, Manufactures of, to make Hats or Bonnets, See Platting. Chromate of Lead, for every 100l. of the Value Cider, the Tun, containing 252 Gallons -

Subject also to a Duty of Excise.

Cinders, the Ton, containing 20 cwt.

Cinnabaris Nativa, the lb.

Cinnamon, the lb.

- the Produce of, and imported from any British Colony

or Plantation, the lb. imported under Licence, the lb.

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, under which Cinnamon may be so imported, See 3 & 4 Ann. cap. 4. 8 Ann. cap. 7. 6 Geo. 1. cap. 21. and also 8 Geo. 1. cap. 18, which is continued by several Statutes, and by 49 Geo. 3. cap. 20. made perpetual.

Cinnamomi Oleum, See Oil of Cinnamon.

Citrat of Lime, the lb.

Citron preserved with Salt, for every 100l. of the Value

- Sugar, See Succades.

Citron Water, See Spirits.

Civet, the oz.

Duty. Drawback.

£ s. d. s. <L

0 2 6 —

0 0 10 0 0 6

0 2 6

0 5 0 0 3 4

0 2 6 —

0 6 4 —

0 0 0

20 0 0 —

0 10 6

0 13 0 —

0 18 8

0 0 8

0 1 3 0 0 10

75 0 0 —

50 0 0

11 17 6 —

2 0 0 -

0 2 0 0 14

0 3 6 0 3 2

0 2 6 0 2 3

0 3 6

0 1 6

20 0 0 1

0 4 9

TABLE (A.) — INWARDS.

Clap Boards, See Boards in Wood.

Clinkers, See Bricks.

Clocks, for every 100l. of the Value Cloths, Woollen, See Wool, Articles made of.

Clover Seed, See Seed.

Cloves, the lb.

- the Produce of, and imported from any British Colony

or Plantation, the lb.

- imported under Licence, the lb.

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, under which Cloves may be so imported, See 3 & 4 Ann. cap. 4. 8 Ann. cap. 7* 6 Geo. 1. cap. 21. and also 8 Geo. 1. cap. 18., which is continued by several Statutes, and by 49 Geo. 3. cap. 20. made perpetual.

Oil of, See Oil.

Coals, the Ton, containing 20 cwt.

Cobalt, for every 100l. of the Value

Cocculus Indicus, imported directly from the Place of its Growth, die lb.

- imported not directly from the Place of its

Growth, the lb.

- Extract or Preparation of, See Extract.

Cochineal, the lb.

- Dust, the lb.

Coco Nuts, for every 100l. of the Value.

- Oil of See Oil.

Cocoa Nuts, Duty free.

Cocoa Nuts are subject to a Duty of Excise.

Codilla of Flax, subject to Duty as Flax, for which. See Flax.

- of Hemp, subject to Duty as Hemp, for which. See

Hemp.

Coffee, Duty free.

Coffee is subject to a Duty of Excise.

Coin, viz.

- of Copper, See Copper.

- Foreign, of Gold or Silver, See Bullion.

Cole Seed, See Seed.

Colocynth, See Coloquindda.

Colophonia, See Rosin.

Coloquintida, or Colocynth, imported directly from the Place of

its Growth, the lb.

- imported not directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb.

Colours for Painters, See Painters' Colours.

Columbo Root, the lb.

Comfits, the lb.

Coney Skins* See Skins.

- Wool, See Wool.

Confection of Alkermes, See Alkermes.

Contrayervae Radix, See Radix.

Copaiba, or Capivi Balsam, See Balsam.

Copal Gum, See Gum.

Copper, viz.

- Ore, the cwt.

- Old, fit only to be re-manufactured, the cwt.

- in Plates, and Copper Coin, the cwt.

5 E 2

Duty. Drawback.

£ s. d. £ 5. d.

50 0 0 —

0 3 0 0'2 7

0 2 0 0 1 9

0 3 0

2 0 0

20 0 0 —

0 2 6 —

0 39 —

0 2 6

0 0 5 —

20 0 0

0 18 0 1 1

0 2 6 0 1 8

0 2 0 0 1 4

0 2 6

1 1 0

192 —

3 0 0 —

Copper, continued.

- unwrought, viz.

- in Bricks or Pigs, Rose Copper, and all

cast Copper, the cwt.

- Part wrought, viz.

- Bars, Rods, or Ingots hammered or raised, the cwt.

- Wire, See Wire.

- Manufactures of Copper not otherwise enumerated or described, and Copper Plates engraved, for every 100l. of the Value -

Copperas, viz.

- Blue, the cwt.

- Green, the cwt.

- White, the cwt.

Coral, viz.

- Beads, See Beads.

- in Fragments, the lb.

- Whole, polished, the lb.

- unpolished, the lb.

Cordage tarred or untarred, whether in use or otherwise, (standing or running Rigging in Use excepted) the cwt. Cordial Waters, See Spirits.

Coriander Seed, See Seed.

Cork, imported in a British-built Ship, the cwt.

- imported in a Ship not British-built, the cwt.

Corks, ready made, the lb.

Com, viz.

All Com, Meal, or Flour, the Growth, Produce, pr Manufacture of any Foreign Country, which may by Law be imported into Great Britain, may at all Times be brought into, and warehoused therein, without Payment of any Duty whatever, and such Com, Meal, or Flour having been so warehoused, may at all Times be taken out of such Warehouse, and exported according to Law, without Payment of any Duty whatever; and any such Com, Meal, or Flour, may be taken out of such Warehouse and entered for Home Consumption in Great Britain, under the Regulations and Provisions required by Law, without Payment of any Duty whatever, whenever Foreign Com, Meal, or Flour of the same Sort may by Law be admissible into Great Britain for Home Consumption. See 55 Geo. 3. cap. 26.

Foreign Cora, Meal, or Flour may be imported into Great Britain for Home Consumption, under and subject to the Provisions and Regulations in force, without Payment of any Duty whatever, whenever the Average Prices of the several Sorts of British Cora, made up and published as required by Law, shall be at or above the Prices hereafter mentioned, viz. Whenever Wheat shall be at or above the Price of Eighty Shillings per Quarter; whenever Rye, Pease, and Beans shall be at or above the Price of Fifty-three Shillings per Quarter; whenever Barley, Beer, or Bigg shall be at or above the Price of Forty Shillings per Quarter; and whenever Oats shall be at or above the Price of Twenty-seven Shillings per Quarter. See 55 Geo. 3. cap. 26.

£ s. d.

2 14 2

r

3 15 6

50 0 0

0 5 0

0 5 0

0 12 0

0 1 0

0 12 0

0 5 6

1 1 6

0 8 0

0 8 9

0 7 0

j8 s. (L

A.D. 1819. 59° GEORGII III. C. 52. 761

TABLE (A.) — INWARDS. Duty. Drawback.

Com, continued. Whenever the Average Prices of British Com so made up and published, snail respectively be below the Prices before stated, no Foreign Com, or Meal or Flour made from any of the respective Sorts of Foreign Corn before enumerated, shall be allowed to be imported into Great Britain for the Purpose of Home Consumption, or taken out of Warehouse for that Purpose. See 55 Geo. 3. cap. 26. The Average Price of the several Sorts of British Com by which the Importation of Foreign Com, Meal, or Flour into Great Britain shall be regulated and governed, shall continue to be made up and published in the Manner required by Law, (See 31 Geo. 3. cap. 30. S3 Geo. 3. cap. 65. 44 Geo. 3. cap. 109. 45 Geo. 3. cap. 86.); but if at any Time after the Importation of Foreign Com, Meal, or Flour, shall be permitted under the Provisions required by Law, it shall appear that the Average Prices of the different Sorts of British Corn respectively, in the Six Weeks immediately succeeding the Fifteenth Day of February, the Fifteenth Day of May, the Fifteenth Day of August, and the Fifteenth Day of November in each Year, have fallen below the Prices at which Foreign Cora, Meal, or Flour may be by Law allowed to be imported for Home Consumption, no such Foreign Com, Meal, or Flour shall be allowed to be imported into Great Britain for Home Consumption from any Place between the Rivers Eyder and Bidassoa, both inclusive, until a New Average shall be made up and published in the London Gazette for regulating the Importation into Great Britain for the succeeding Quarter. See 55 Geo. 3. cap. 26. Any Corn, Meal, or Flour, being the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of any British Colony or Plantation in North America, which may by Law be imported into Great Britain, may respectively be imported for Home Consumption without Payment of any Duty, whenever the Average Prices of British Com, made up and published as by Law required, shall respectively be at or above the Prices hereafter specified, viz. Whenever the Pri^e of Wheat shall be at or above Sixty-seven Shillings per Quarter; whenever the Price of Rye, Pease, and Beans, shall be at or above Forty-four Shillings per Quarter; whenever the Price of Barley, Beer, or Bigg shall be at or above Thirty-three Shillings per Quarter; and whenever the Price of Oats shall be at or above Twenty-two Shillings per Quarter. See 55 Geo. 3. cap. 26. Whenever the Prices of British Com respectively shall be below the Prices before specified. Com, or Meal or Flour made from any of the respective Sorts of Com herein-before enumerated, being of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of any British Colony or Plantation in North America, shall no longer be allowed to be imported into Great Britain for Home Consumption. See 55 Geo. 3. cap. 26. £ s. j€ s. cL

Corn, continued.

Any Corn, Meal, or Flour, being of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of any British Colony or Plantation in North America, which may by Law be imported into Great Britain, may at all Times be permitted to be so imported and warehoused according to Law without Payment of any Duty whatever, and be taken out of such Warehouse, and exported according to Law without Payment of any Duty whatever. See 55 Geo. S. cap. 26.

Such Corn, Meal, or Flour so warehoused, may be taken out of the Warehouse and entered for Home Consumption in Great Britain, whenever Corn, Meal, or Flour of the like Description, imported direct from any such Colony or Plantation, shall be admissible by Law for Home Consumption, but not otherwise. See 55 Geo. 8. cap. 26.

Note. — All Foreign Corn, when delivered out of any Ship or Vessel in the Port of London, is subject to a Duty of Two-pence per Last of Ten Quarters, to be paid to the Inspector of Com Returns.

Cornu Cervi Calcinatum, the lb.

Cortex, See Bark.

Costus, the lb.

Cotton, viz.

- Caps, See Caps.

Cloth of the Manufacture of the Isle of Man, See Man, Isle of.

- Manufactures of Cotton, or of any other Article mixed with Cotton, being chequered or striped, or printed, painted, stained, or dyed after the Manufacture, or in the Thread or Yam before the Manufacture, not being prohibited to be imported into, nor worn nor used in Great Britain, and not being particularly enumerated or described, nor otherwise charged with Duty, for every 100l. of the Value

- Manufactures of Cotton not otherwise enumerated or described, for every 100l. of the Value

- Stockings, See Stockings.

- Thread, See Thread.

- Wool or Waste of Cotton Wool, See Wool.

- Yarn, See Yam.

Couhage, the lb.

Cow or Ox Hair, See Hair.

- Hides, See Buffalo Hides in Hides.

- Horns, See Horns.

- Tails, See Buffalo Tails in Tails.

Cowitch, See Couhage.

Cowries, imported from Europe under Licence for Exportation to Africa, for every 100l. of the Value For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which Cowries may be so imported, See 5 Geo. 3. cap. SO.

Crabs Eyes, See Cancrorum Oculi.

Cranberries, the Gallon -

The Duty on Cranberries, being the Produce of and imported directly from the Island of Newfoundland, is suspended until the 5th Day of July 1824. See the Act to which this Table is annexed.

0

0

75

50

0

3

0

s.

0

1

0

0

1

3

1

d.

£ s. d.

8

0

0 0 8

0

0

3

0 0 10

Crayons, for every 100l. of the Value -

Cream of Tartar, the cwt.

Crystal, viz.

- Beads, See Beads.

- Rough, for every 100l. of the Value

- Cut, or in any Way manufactured, for every 100l. of the Value -

Cubebs, the lb.

Cucumbers, viz.

- Pickled, the Gallon -

- Preserved in Salt and Water, for every 100l. of the

Value -

Culm, the Ton containing 20 cwt.

Cummin Seed, See Seed.

Currants, imported in a British-built Ship, the cwt.

- imported in a Ship not British-built, the cwt.

Note. — No Allowance of the Duty on Currants to be made on Account of Damage.

Cuttle Shells, the 1, 000 -

Cyder, See Cider.

Cyprus, Turpentine of, See Turpentine.

£ s. d.

40 0 0

0 15 10

20 0 0

60 0 0

0 2 0

0 2 6

20 0 0

2 0 0

2 4 4

2 7 6

0 12 6

D.

Damask Tabling, Towelling, or Napkining, See Linen.

Dates, the cwt.

Deals, 1 o,

Deal Ends, f*6 Wood*

Deer Skins, See Skins.

Denia Raisins, See Raisins.

Derelict, Foreign Liquors Derelict, Jetsam, Flotsam, Lagan, or Wreck, brought or coming into Great Britain, are subject to the same Duties, and entitled to the same Drawbacks as Liquors of the like Kind regularly imported.

Diagrydium, See Scammony.

Diamonds, Duty free.

Diaper Tabling, Towelling, or Napkining, See Linen.

Dice, the Pair -

Dimity, See Cotton Manufactures.

Dittany, the lb.

835SW}-« —

Dog Stones, See Stone.

Down, imported in a British-built Ship, the lb.

- imported in a Ship not British-built, the lb.

Dragons Blood, See Sanguis Draconis.

Drawings, See Prints.

Drillings, See Linen.

Drugs, on which specific Duties are payable according to the Quantity, See the several Articles in alphabetical Course.

- not particularly enumerated or described, nor otherwise charged with Duty, for every 100l. of the Value Duck, See Sail Cloth in Linen.

Dust, perfumed, See Hair Powder.

Dutch Barras, See Canvass in Linen.

4 lo

1 6 0 1

0 1 0 1

50 0

3

2

0

3

5

0

£ s. d.

2 0 0 2 0 0

4 0 0

0 0 8

E.

Earthenware, not otherwise enumerated or described, for every 100 /. of the Value -

East Country Linen, See German Linen in Linen.

East India Goods. For the Duties and Drawbacks on Goods imported from Places within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England, trading to the East Indies, or from the Cape of Good Hope, See Table B.

Ebony, See Wood.

Eels, See Fish.

Eggs, the 120 -

Elastic Gum, See Caoutchouc.

Elbing Canvass, See Canvass in Linen.

Elemi Gum, See Gum.

Elephants Teeth, viz.

- not exceeding the Weight of 21 lbs. each Tooth,

the cwt.

- exceeding the Weight of 21 lbs. each Tooth, the

cwt.

Eleutheria Cortex, See Bark.

Elk Hair, See Cow Hair in Hair.

- Skins, See Skins.

Emeralds, See Jewels.

Emery Stones, See Stone.

Enamel, the lb.

Enulae Campanse Radix, See Radix.

Eringii Radix, See Radix.

Ermine Skins, See Skins.

Essence, viz.

- of Bergamot or of Lemon, the lb.

- of Spruce, for every 100l. of the Value

- not otherwise enumerated or described, the lb.

Euphorbium, the lb.

Extract, viz.

- Cardamoms,

- Cocculus Indicus,

- Grains, viz.

- Guinea Grains,

- of Paradise,

- Liquorice,

- Nux Vomica,

- Oak Bark. Solid Vegetable Extract from Oak Bark,

or other Vegetable Substances, to be used for the Purpose of Tanning Leather, and for no other Purpose whatever, the cwt.

- Opium, - 1 Extract or Preparation of,

- Pepper, viz. Guinea Pepper 3 for every 1007. of the Value

- Peruvian or Jesuits Bark, Extract or Preparation of,

the lb.

- Quassia, Extract or Preparation of, for every 100/

the Value

- Radix Rhataniae, Extract or Preparation of, the lb.

- Vitriol, Extract or Preparation of, for every 100l.

the Value

Extract or Preparation of, for every 100l. of the Value -

of

of

£ s. d.

75 0 0

0 0 10

2 0 0 4 0 0

£ s. i.

0 7 2

0 4 6 20 0 0 0 4 6 0 0 8

75 0 0

0 3 0

75 0 0

0 5 0

75 0 0

0 5 0

75 0 0

0 0 5

TABLE (A.) — INWARDS.

Duty. Drawback.

£ s. d. £ t. d.

50 0 0

4 8 8

4 15 0 —

2 15 6 —

10 0 —

50 0 0 -

20 0 0 —

1 1 8 0 19 0

1 3 0 0 19 0

0 10

0 10 —

0 12 0 —

13 1 3 —

0 1 6 —

0 5 0 —

0 7 6 —

Extract or Preparation of any Article not being particularly enumerated or described, nor otherwise charged with Duty, for every 100l. of the Value -

F.

Faro Raisins, See Raisins.

Feather Beds, See Feathers for Beds.

Note. — The Duty on Feather Beds is payable according to the Quantity of Feathers contained therein.

Feathers, viz.

- for Beds, imported in a British built Ship, the cwt.

- imported in a Ship not British-built, the cwt.

- Ostrich, dressed, the lb.

- undressed, the lb.

- not otherwise enumerated or described, viz.

- dressed, for every 100l. of the Value -

- undressed, for every 100l. of the Value Fennel Seed, See Seed.

Fenugreek Seed, See Seed.

Figs, imported in a British-built Ship, the cwt.

--imported in a Ship not British built, the cwt.

Note. — No Allowance of the Duty on Figs to be made on account of Damage.

Filtering Stones, See Stone.

Fire Wood, See Wood.

Fir Quarters, See Wood.

- Timber, See Timber in Wood.

Fish, viz.

--Anchovies, the lb.

--Botargo, the lb.

--Caviare, the cwt.

--Eels, the Ship's Lading -

--Lobsters Duty free.

--Oysters, the Winchester Bushel

- Stock Fish, the 120

--Sturgeon, the Keg not exceeding 5 Gallons

--Turbots, Duty free.

--Fresh Fish, British-taken, and imported in British-built

Ships or Vessels, Dutyfree.

--Fish, British, taking and curing, Duty free.

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, under which any such Fish may be imported Duty free, See the Act to which this Table is annexed.

Fishers Skins, See Skins.

Fishing Nets, Old, See Rags.

Fish Oil, See Train Oil in Oil.

Fitches Skins, See Skins.

Flanders Tiles, See Tiles.

Flannel, See Wool, Articles made of.

Flasks, See Bottles.

Flax, viz.

- dressed, imported in a British-built Ship, the cwt

- imported in a Ship not British-built, the cwt.

--rough or undressed, imported in a British-built Ship,

the cwt -

- imported in a Ship not British-built, the cwt.

59 Geo. III. S F

10 14 6

11 5 6

0 0 5 0 0 8

C. 52. 59° GEORGII III.

TABLE (A.) — INWARDS.

Flax Seed, See Seed.

Flint Stones for Potters, See Stone.

Flock Paper, See Paper.

Flocks, the cwt.

Floss Silk, See Waste Silk in Silk.

Flotsam, See Derelict.

Flour, See Corn.

Flower Roots, for every 100l. of the Value

Flowers Artificial, not made of Silk, for every 100l. of the Value

Forest Seed, See Seed.

Fossils, not otherwise enumerated or described, for every 100l.

of the Value -

- Specimens of, See Specimens.

- tS? }» ai";

Frames for Pictures, Prints or Drawings, for every 100l. of the Value -

Frankincense, See Olibanum.

French Beans, See Beans.

Furriers' Waste, for every 100l. of the Value Furs, See Skins.

Fustic, See Wood.

G.

Galangal, imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb.

imported not directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb.

Galbanum, imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb.

- imported not directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb.

Galley Tiles, See Tiles.

Galls, the cwt.

Gamboge, the lb.

Garden Seed, See Seed.

Garnets, viz.

- cut, the lb.

- rough, the lb.

Gauze of Thread, for every 100l. of the Value -

Geldings, See Horses.

Gem Sal, See Sal.

Geneva, See Spirits.

Gentian, the lb.

German Linen, See Linen.

Germany, Turpentine of, See Turpentine.

Gibraltar.

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which Goods, Wares, and Merchandize of the Growth or Production of the Dominions of the Emperor of Morocco may be imported from Gibraltar, on Payment of such Duties only as are or shall be payable on the like Goods, when imported directly from Africa, See 27 Geo. 3. cap. 19.

A.D. 18 eg.

Duty. Orawback.

d' s. d. £ s. d.

0 19 0 —

20 0 0

50 0 0

20 0 0 —

50 0 0 —

20 0 0 —

0 0 6 0 0 4

0 090 0 6

0 1 4 0 0 10

0 2 0 0 13

0 11 2

0 1 8 0 1 1

1 10 0 -

0 10 0 —

50 0 0 -

0 0 6 0 0 4

TABLE (A.) — INWARDS.

Gibraltar, Port of,

For the Duties and Drawbacks on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, being of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of any Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, legally imported or brought into the Port of Gibraltar, and imported from thence into Great Britain, See Table B.

Gilt Wire, See Wire.

Ginger, the cwt.

- the Produce of the British Plantations, Colonies, or

Settlements in America, or of the West Coast of Africa, the cwt.

- preserved, the lb.

Ginseng, the lb.

Glass, viz.

- Bottles, See Bottles.

- Crown, German Sheet, or any Kind of Window Glass,

not being Plate Glass, the cwt -

- Flint Glass, the cwt.

- Plate Glass, for every Square Foot Superficial Measure

- Glass Manufactures, not otherwise enumerated or described, for every 100l. of the Value

Glass is also subject to a Duty of Excise.

Glasses for Watches, See Watch Glasses.

Glovers Clippings, fit only to make Glue, the cwt Glue, the cwt.

Goat Hair, See Hair.

--Skins, See Skins.

--Wool, See Goat Hair in Hair.

Gold Coin, See Bullion.

- Leaves, See Leaves.

--Plate, See Plate.

Goods warehoused,

For a List of those Goods which may be warehoused, or otherwise secured on Importation into Great Britain, without Payment of Duty in the First Instance, See Table F.

Goose Quills, See Quills.

Grain, See Corn.

Grains, viz.

- Guinea Grains, the lb.

- Extract or Preparation of, See Grains in Extract.

- of Paradise, the lb.

- Extract or Preparation of, See Grains in Extract.

Granilla, the lb.

Grapes, for every 100l. of the Value -

- Rape of, See Rape of Grapes.

Grave Stones, See Stone.

Grease, the cwt.

Greaves for Dogs, the cwt.

Grogram Yarn, See Yarn.

Guaiacum Cortex, See Bark.

- Gum, See Gum.

S F 2

Duty.

£ 1. d.

2 IS 0

1 S 0

0 3 2

0 1 6

4 18 0

6 S 0

0 6 7

80 0 0

0 4 9

0 12 0

0 2 0

0 2 0

0 0 10

50 0 0

0 1 8

0 2 0

C. 52.

Drawback. £ s. d.

10 0 0 1 0

TABLE (A.) — INWARDS. Duty. Drawback.

Guernsey, Island of, £ r. d. £ s. d.

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, of the Growth, Production, and Manufacture of the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Sark, or Alderney, (Salt excepted, See 38 Geo. 3. cap. 89. and Slate and also Stones not being Burr Stones, See 34 Geo. 3. cap. 51. and 42 Geo. 3. cap. 95.) may Ve imported from those Islands by the Inhabitants thereof, without Payment of any Duty, except such Excise or other Duty as shall be payable for the like Goods of the Growth, Production, and Manufacture of Great Britain, See 3 Geo. 1. cap. 4. But Foreign Goods having been lawfully imported into the said Islands, and Foreign Goods and Commodities in part or fully manufactured in either of them, and which may legally be imported from thence into Great Britain, are subject to such Duties as are payable for the like Goods when imported from any Foreign Country of which they are the Growth, Product, or Manufacture, See 3 Geo. 1. cap. 4. Guinea Grains, See Grains. Pepper, See Pepper. Wood, See Rea Wood in Wood. Gum, viz. Ammoniac, imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb. - - 0 1 3 0 0 10

- imported not directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb. 0 1 10 0 1 3

Anime, the lb. 0 1 8 Oil

Arabic, the cwt. - Cake Lac, See Lac in Gum. Cashew, the cwt. - 0 12 0 0 7 6 0 5 0

Copal, the lb. 0 1 8 0 1 1

Elemi, the lb. - 0 0 8 0 0 5

Guaiacum, the lb. - 0 1 10 0 1 2

Juniper, See Gum Sandarach. Kino, or Gum Rubrum Astringens, the lb. 0 1 6 0 1 0

Lac, viz. - - Cake Lac, the lb. - 0 0 5 0 0 3

- Lac Dye, the lb. 0 0 6 0 0 4

- Lac Lake, the lb. - - - Seed Lac, the lb. 0 0 1 0 0 6 0 0 4

- Shell Lac, the lb. - - 0 0 8 0 0 5

- Stick Lac, the cwt. - 1 0 0 0 13 4

Opopanax, imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb. - - 0 3 6 0 2 4

- imported not directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb. - 0 5 3 0 3 6

Rubrum Astringens, See Gum Kino. Sagapenum, imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb. - imported not directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb. 0 0 10 0 0 6

0 1 3 0 0 9

- Sandarach or Juniper, die cwt. - 0 19 0 0 12 8

- Sarcocolla, imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb. - - - 1 0 0 10 0 0 6

Gum, continued.

--Sarcocolla, imported not directly from the Place of its

Growth, the lb.

--Seed Lac, See Lac in Gum.

--Senegal, the cwt.

- imported from any Port or Place in Europe in a

British-built Ship, the cwt.

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which Gum Senegal may be so imported, See 25 Geo. 2. cap. 32.

- Stick lie, } Lac in Gum--- Tacamahaca, the lb.

--Tragacanth, imported directly from the Place of its

Growth, the lb.

- imported not directly from the Place of its

Growth, the lb. - — Gum not particularly enumerated or described, nor otherwise charged with Duty, for every 100l. of the Value -

Gunpowder, the cwt.

Gutting Canvass, See Canvass in Linen.

Gypsum, the Ton containing 20 cwt.

- the Produce of, and imported from any British Colony,

Plantation, or Settlement in America, the Ton containing 20 cwt.

Hair, viz.

*--- Camels Hair, the lb.

--Cow, Ox, Bull, or Elk Hair, the cwt.

--Goats Hair, or Turkey Goats Wool, the lb.

--Hats made of Hair, See Hats.

--Horse Hair, for every 100l. of the Value

--Human Hair, the lb.

--Hair, not otherwise enumerated or described, for every

100l. of the Value -

Hair Powder, the cwt.

perfumed, or perfumed Dust, the cwt.

Hams, See Bacon.

Handspikes, See Wood.

Hare Skins, See Skins.

- Wool, See Wool.

Harp Strings, See Catlings.

Hart Horns, See Horns.

Hats, viz.

--Bast, Chip, Cane, or Horse Hair Hats or Bonnets,

- each Hat or Bonnet not exceeding 22 Inches

in Diameter, the Dozen

- each Hat or Bonnet exceeding 22 Inches

in Diameter, the Dozen

- Straw Hats or Bonnets,

- each Hat or Bonnet not exceeding 22 Inches

in Diameter, the Dozen -

- each Hat or Bonnet exceeding 22 Inches

in Diameter, the Dozen

1 0 0 2 0 0

3 8 0

6 16 0

£ 5. d. £ s d

0 13 0 0 9

0 12 0 —

0 12 0 —

0 2 0 0 1 4

0 1 0 0 0 8

0 16 0 1 0

50 0 0

3 0 0 —

1 11 8 —

0 1 3 —

0 1 8

0 18 4 —

0 0 6 —

20 0 0 —

0 5 0 —

20 0 0 —

9 15 0 —

13 13 0 —

52* 59° GEORGII III. A.D. 1819.

TABLE (A.) — INWARDS. Duty. Drawback.

Hats made of or mixed with Felt, Hair, Wool, or Beaver, the j€ s. d. £ s. d.

Hat 0 10 6

Hay, the Load, containing 36 Trusses, each Truss being 56lbs. 1 4* 0

Head Matter, See Train Oil in Oil. Heath for Brushes, the cwt. - 092

Hellebore, the lb. - - 0 0 6 0 0

Hemp, viz. dressed, imported in a British-built Ship, the cwt. 4 15 0

- imported in a Ship not British-built, the cwt. 5 0 0 -

of the Nature and Quality of undressed Hemp, and applicable to the same Purposes - - - imported in a British-built Ship, the cwt. 092

- imported in a Ship not British-built, the cwt. - 0 10 4

- the Produce of the British Plantations in America, the Ton containing 20 cwt. 0 8 0

Seed, See Seed. Oil, See Oil. Hessen Canvass, See Canvass in Linen. Hides, viz. 1 Buffalo, Bull, Cow, or Ox Hides in the Hair, not tanned, tawed, curried, or in any way dressed, - imported in a British-built Ship, the Hide 0 0 10

- imported in a Ship not British-built, the Hide 0 2 6 —

- tanned, and not otherwise dressed, the lb. 0 1 0

- Buffalo, Bull, Cow, or Ox Hides in the Hair, not being tanned, tawed, curried, or in any way dressed, imported from the West Coast of Africa, the Hide - 0 0 6

- Tails, See Tails. Elk, See Skin3. Horse, Mare, or Gelding, in the Hair, not tanned, tawed, curried, or in any way dressed, - imported in a British-built Ship, the Hide 0 0 10

- imported in a Ship not British-built, the Hide 0 2 6 —

- tanned, and not otherwise dressed, the lb. 0 10

Losh Hides, the lb. - Muscovy or Russia Hides, tanned or coloured, the lb. - Hides, or Pieces of Hides, raw or undressed, not particu- larly enumerated or described, nor otherwise charged with Duty, imported from any British Colony or Plantation in America, for every 100l. of the Value 0 1 8 0 1 8 5 17 6 —

Hides, or Pieces of Hides, raw or undressed, not particularly enumerated or described, nor otherwise charged with Duty, for every 100l. of the Value Hides, or Pieces of Hides, tanned, tawed, curried, or in any way dressed, not particularly enumerated or described, nor otherwise charged with Duty, for every 100l. of the Value - 20 0 0

75 0 0

Hog's Lard, See Lard. Hones, the 100 - 1 3 0

Honey, the cwt. - 0 15 0 —

Hoofs of Cattle, for every 100l. of the Value 20 0 0 —

Hoops, viz. of Iron, the cwt. 1 3 9

of Wood, the 1, 000 - 0 15 0 —

A.D. 1819. 59° GEORGII III. C. 52. 771

TABLE (A.) — INWARDS. Duty. Drawback.

£ s. d. £ s. d.

Hops, the cwt. - Horns, Horn Tips, and Pieces of Horns, not otherwise charged 8 11 0 —

with Duty, the cwt* Horse Hair, See Hair. Hats or Bonnets, See Hats. — Hides, See Hides. 0 5 0*-

Horses, Mares, or Geldings, each ... Hulled Barley, See Pearl Barley. Human Hair, See Hair. Hungary Water, See Spirits. Husks or Knubs of Silk, See Knubs in Silk. Husse Skins, See Skins. I and J. 6 IS 0

Jalap, the lb. Jamaica Wood, See Brazilletto Wood in Wood. Japonica Terra, See Terra. Iceland Moss, See Lichen Islandicus in Moss. Jersey, Island of, See Guernsey. Jessamine Oil, See Oil. Jesuits Bark, See Peruvian Bark in Bark. 0 2 0 0 14

Jet, the lb. - Beads, See Beads., Jetsam, See Derelict. Jewels, Emeralds, Rubies, and all other Precious Stones (except Diamonds), not otherwise enumerated or described, not set or in any way manufactured, for every 0 2 0

100l. of the Value - set, or in any way manufactured, for every lOOi of the 0 0 0

Value ... Jews Pitch, See Bitumen Judaicum. India Rubbers, See Caoutchouc. Indian Corn or Maize, See Corn. 50 0 0

Indigo, the lb. - - 0 0 5 —

Ink for Printers, the cwt. Inkle, viz. unwrought, the lb. - 1 1 0 ——

0 0 10 —

wrought, the lb. - Ipecacuannae Radix, See Radix. Ireland. The Duties and Drawbacks of Customs on Articles the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of Ireland, imported directly from thence, are not in any way altered, varied, or repealed by any Thing herein contained, See the Act to which this Table is annexed. Iris Root, See Orice Root. Iron, viz. in Bars, or unwrought, the Produce of any British Colony or Plantation in America, and imported from thence, the Ton 0 5 2

containing 20 cwt. - the Produce of any other Country, imported in a British-built Ship, the Ton 1 2 2

containing 20 cwt. - imported in a Ship not British-built, the 6 IO 0 " '

Ton containing 20 cwt. - 7 18 4

772

59° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1819.

C. 52.

TABLE (A.) — INWARDS. Duty. Drawback.

Iron, continued. slit or hammered into Rods, and Iron drawn or hammered, less than i of an Inch square, - imported in a British-built Ship, £ s. d. £ s. d.

the cwt. - imported in a Ship not British- 1 0 0 —

built, the cwt. 1 1 6

Cast, for every 100l. of the Value - - Hoops, See Hoops. old broken, and old cast Iron, the Ton containing 20 0 0 "

20 cwt. - - 0 17 6

Ore, the Ton containing 20 cwt. - 0 89_

Pig Iron, the Ton containing 20 cwt. - the Produce of, and imported from the British Plantations in America, the Ton, containing 0 17 6

20 cwt. -- - Wire, See Wire. wrought, not otherwise enumerated or described, for every 0 8 0

100l. of the Value - - 50 0 0 -

Isinglass, the cwt. - - - the Produce of, and imported from the British Planta- 2 7 6 —

tions in America, the cwt. - 0 15 10

Juice of Lemons, Limes, or Oranges, the Gallon Juniper Berries, See Berries. Gum, See Gum Sandarack. Oil of, See Oil. Junk, old, See Rags, old. K. Kelp, See Alkali. Kindney Beans, See Beans. Kid Skins, See Skins. Kino Gum, See Gum. Knees of Oak, See Wood. Knubs of Silk, See Knubs in Silk. L. Lac, See Lac in Gum. Lace, viz. 0 1 S

- Silk Lace, for every 100l. of the Value — - Thread Lace, viz. 40 0 0 —

- under 5s. the Yard in Value, the Yard - - of 5s. and under 10s. the Yard in Value, 0 2 6 —

the Yard - of 10s. and under 15s. the Yard in Value, 0 4 0 —

the Yard - — of 15s. and under 20s. the Yard in Value, 0 49 —

the Yard - of 20s. and under 25s. the Yard in Value, 0 69 —

the Yard - -of 25s. the Yard in Value, or upwards^ for 0 8 4 —

every 100l. of the Value Lagan, See Derelict 40 0 0

TABLE (A.) — WARDS. Duty. Drawback.

Lake Lac, See Lac in Gum. Lamb Skins c C1. Slink Skins. Lambs Wool, See Sheeps Wool in Wool. £ $. <L £ s. d.

Lamp Black, the cwt. - ... Lapis, viz. see -

Calaminaris, the cwt - 0 8 0 —

Lazuli, the lb. 0 8 2 —

Tiltiae, the lb. - 0 0 8 —

Lard, the cwt - - Lathwood, See Wood. Latten, viz. Black, the cwt - - - Shaven, the cwt - - - Wire, See Wire. 0 8 0 r 8 0 2 10 0 —

Lavender Flowers, the lb. - - Oil oC, See Oil. — Water, See Spirits. Lawns, See Linen. Lazuli Lapis, See Lapis. Lead, viz. 0 0 10

Black, the cwt - 0 4 0

Ore, the Ton containing 20 cwt - 1 16 0 —

Pig, for every 100l. of the Value - -- 20 0 0 —

Red, the cwt - 0 8 4 —

White, the cwt - - Leaf Metal, See Metal. Leather, any Article made of Leather, or any Manufacture whereof Leather is the most valuable Part, not otherwise enumerated or described, for every 100l. of the 0 10 4

Value - 75 0 0 —

Leaves of Gold, the 100 Leaves 0 3 0 —

Leaves of Roses, the lb. - Lees of Wine, See Wine Lees. 0 0 10 ——

Lemons, imported in a British-built Ship, the 1, 000 1 5 0 —

imported in a Ship not British-built, the 1, 000 Essence of, See Essence of Bergamot Juice of, See Juice. Peel of, the lb. — Preserved in Salt and Water, for every 100l. of the 17 6 0 0 5 —

Value - in Sugar, See Succades. 20 0 0

Lentiles, the Bushel - Leopard Skins, See Skins. Lexia Raisins, See Raisins. Lichen Islandicus, See Moss. Lignum, viz. — 1 Quassia, See Quassia. Rhodium, See Wood. Vitae, See Wood. Lime Stones, See Stone. Limes, Juice of, See Juice. Limonum Cortex, See Lemons, Peel of Sal, See Sal. 59 Geo. III. 5 G 0 0 10

C. 52. 59° GEORGII III. A.D. 1819.

TABLE (A.) — INWARDS. Duty, Drawback.

Linen, viz. £ s. d. £ s. d.

«, Cambricks and Lawns, commonly called French Lawns, plain, the Piece not exceeding 8 Yards in Length, and not exceeding 7-8ths of a Yard in Breadth - 096 0 4 0

more, the Piece, payable on the first Entry thereof, whetherto be secured in Warehouses or not - O 0) 0

- exceeding 8 Yards in Length, or exceeding 7-8ths of a Yard in Breadth, the Piece, and in that Proportion for a greater or less Quantity 0 12 0 O5 O

more, the Piece, payable on the first Entry thereof, whether to be secured in Warehouses or not.- 0 2 6

Canvass, viz. - - - Hessen Canvass or Dutch Barras, - - imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 Ells - - - 2 13 1 1 2 4

more, the 120 Ells, payable on the first Entry thereof, whether to be secured in Warehouses or not Oil 2

- imported in a Ship not British-built, the 120 Ells - 2 15 6 1 2 4

more, the 120 Ells, payable on the first Entry thereof, whether to be secured in Warehouses or not 0 11 8

- Packing Cartvass, Guttings, Spruce, Elbing, or Queensborough Canvass, - imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 Ells - - - 1 15 8 0 15 0

more, the 120 Elk, payable on the first Entry thereof, whether to be, secured in Warehouses or not 0 7 6

- imported in a Ship not British built, the 120 Ells - 1 17 4 0 15 0

more, the 120 Ells, payable on the first Entry thereof, whether to be secured in Warehouses or not 0 7 10

Damask Tabling of the Manufacture of the Kingdom of the United Netherlands, viz. - - - not exceeding 1 Ell £ in Breadth, the Yard 0 10 0 0 4 2

more, the Yard, payable on the first Entry thereof, whether to be secured in Warehouses or not - - 0 2 0

- exceeding 1 Ell $ and under 2 Ells in Breadth, the Yard - - 0 116 0 4 10

more, the Yard, payable on the first Entry thereof, whether to be secured in Warehouses or not - - - 0 2 6

- of the Breadth of 2 Ells and under 3 Ells in Breadth, the Yard - 0 13 1 0 5 6

more, the Yard, payable on the first Entry thereof, whether to be secured in Warehouses or not - - 0 2 9

- of the Breadth of 3 Ells or upwards, the Yard 0 19 0 0 8 0

more, the Yard, payable on the first Entry thereof, whether to be secured in Warehouses or not - - 0 4 0

TABLE (A.). — INWARDS. Duty. Drawback.

Linen, continued. Damask Tabling of the Manufacture of Silesia, or of any other Place not otherwise enumerated or de- £ sd. £ s d.

scribed, the square Yard - more, the square Yard, payable on the first Entry thereof, whether to be secured in Warehouses or not - Damask Towelling and Napkining of the Manufacture of 0 2 6 0 0 6 0 1 0

tj^&ingdom of the United Netherlands, the Yard more, the Yard, payable on the first Entry thereof, whether to be secured in Warehouses or not - - Damask Towelling and Napkining of the Manufacture of Silesia or of any other Place not otherwise 0 4 0 0 0 10 0 1 8

enumerated or described, the Yard more, the Yard, payable on the first Entry*thereof, whether to be secured in Warehouses or not - Diaper Tabling of the Manufacture of the Kingdom of the United Netherlands, viz. 0 1 3 0 0 3 0 0 6

- not exceeding 1 Ell £ in Breadth, the Yard more, the Yard, payable on the first Entry thereof, whether to be secured in Warehouses or not - - - exceeding 1 Ell and under 2 Ells in Breadth, 0 5 2 0 1 1 0 2 2

the Yard - -more, the Yard, payable on the first Entry thereof, whether to be secured in Warehouses or not - of the Breadth of 2 EHs and under 3 Ells in 0 6 0 0 1 3 0 2 6

Breadth, the Yard -more, the Yard, payable on the first Entry thereof, whether to be secured in Warehouses or not - 0 6 4 0 1 4 0 2 8

- of the Breadth of 3 Ells or upwards, the Yard -more, the Yard, payable on the first Entry thereof, whether to be secured in Ware-, houses or not - Diaper Tabling of the Manufacture of Silesia, or of any other Place not otherwise enumerated or de- 091 0 111 0 3 10

scribed, the Yard - -.more, the Yard, payable on the first Entry thereof, whether to be secured in Warehouses or not - — Diaper Towelling and Napkining of the Manufacture of the Kingdom of the United Netherlands, the 0 2 11 0 0 7 0 1 2

Yard -more, the Yard, payable on the first Entry thereof, whether to be secured in Warehouses or not - Silesia, or of any other Place not otherwise 0 2 1 0 0 5 0 0 10

enumerated or described, the Yard more, the Yard, payable on the first Entry thereof, whether to be secured in Warehouses or not - 5 G 2 0 1 3 0 0 3 0 0 6

775'

776 C. 52m 59 GEORGII III. D. 1819,

TABLE (A.) — INWARDS. Duty. Drawback.

Linen, continued j8 s. d. j8 s. d.

Drillings and Pack Duck, viz. _ - _ imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 Ells ... 4 11 1 1 18 4

more, the 120 Ells, payable on the first Entry thereof, whether to be secured in Warehouses or not - 0 19 2

- imported in a Ship not British-built, the 120 Ells 4 15 0 1 18 4

more, the 120 Ells, payable on the first Entry thereof, whether to be secured in Warehouses or not 1 0 0

German, Switzerland, East Country (except Russia), and Silesia Cloth, plain, viz. - - - not exceeding 31$ Inches in Breadth, - imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 Ells 2 18 3 14 6

more, the 120 Ells, payable on the first Entry thereof, whether to be secured in Warehouses or not 0 12 3

- imported in a Ship not British-built, the 120 Ells - 3 0 4 1 4 6

more, the 120 Ells, payable on the first Entry thereof, whether to be 'secured in Warehouses or not 0 12 8

- exceeding 31 § Inches and not exceeding 36 Inches in Breadth, -- imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 Ells 6 292 11 8

more, the 120 Ells, payable on the first Entry thereof whether to be secured in Warehouses or not 1 5 10

.. imported in a Ship not British-built, the 120 Ells 6 6 8 2 11 8

more, the 120 Ells, payable on the first Entry thereof, whether to be secured in Warehouses or not 1 6 8

- exceeding 36 Inches in Breadth, -- imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 Ells.-.9 893 1-9 6

more, the 120 Ells, payable on the first Entry thereof, whether to be secured in Warehouses or not 1 19 9

- imported in a Ship not British-built, the 120 Ells -91493 19 6

more, the 120 Ells, payable on the first Entry thereof, whether to be secured in Warehouses or not -« 2 1 0

- imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 Ells 1 IS S 0 14 0

more, the 120 Ells, payable on the first Entry thereof, whether to be secured in Warehouses or 1 not ... O r- o

Linen, — Hinderlands, &c. continued.

- imported in a Ship not British-built, the

120 Ells -

more, the 120 Ells, payable on the first Entry thereof, whether to be secured in'warehouses or not

- Lawns, viz.

- Silesia and all other Lawns, plain, (except Cam-

bricks and French Lawns) not bleached in the Kingdom of the United Netherlands,

- the Piece not exceeding 8 Yards in Length

more, the Piece, payable on the first Entry thereof, whether to be secured in Warehouses or not

- Silesia and all other Lawns, plain, (except Cam-

bricks and French Lawns) bleached in the Kingdom of the United Netherlands,

.. the Piece not exceeding 8 Yards in Length -more, the Piece, payable on the first, Entry thereof, whether to be secured in Warehouses or not

- Linen of the Manufacture of the Kingdom of the United Netherlands, plain, not otherwise enumerated or described, viz.

- not exceeding 1 Ell £ in Breadth, the Ell

more, the Ell, payable on the first Entry thereof, whether to be secured in Warehouses or not -

- exceeding 1 Ell £ and under 2 Ells in Breadth,

the EU -

more, the Ell, payable on the first Entry thereof, whether to be secured in Warehouses or not

- of the Breadth of 2 Ells, and under 3 Ells in Breadth, the Ell more, the Ell, payable on the first Entry thereof, whether to be secured in Warehouses or not

- of the Breadth of 3 Ells or upwards, the Ell

more, the Ell, payable on the first Entry thereof, whether to be secured in Warehouses or not -

Pack Duck, See Drillings in Linen.

Russia Linen, plain, viz.

- Towelling and Napkining of the Manufacture of

Russia,

- not exceeding 22£ Inches in Breadth,

- imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 Ells

more, the 120 Ells, payable on the first Entry thereof, whether to be secured in Warehouses or not -

£ i* d.

1 14 10

0 7 4

0 8 4

0 1 4

0 7 11 0 18

0 2 11

0 0 7 0 2 2

0 0 8 0 3 7

0 090 5 2

0 1 1

1 11 5

0 6 7

£ i.

0 14 0

0 2 8

0 3 4

0 12

0 1 4

0 16

0 2 2

IS 2

59° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1819.

C, £2.

Linen* — Russia, Towelling, &c. continued. £ 5. d.

- imported in a Ship not British-built,

the 120 Ells - - 1 14 2

more, the 120 Ells, payable on the first Entry thereof, whether to be secured in Warehouses or not - - 0 7 2

- Russia Linen, plain, not otherwise enumerated or described,

- not exceeding 22£ Inches in Breadth,

- imported in a British-built Ship, the

120 Ells - - 1 12 S

more, the 120 Ells, payable on the first Entry thereof, whether to be secured in Warehouses or not - - 0 6 9

- imported in a Ship not British-built, the

120 Ells - - -113 11

more, the 120 EHs, payable on the first Entry thereof, whether to be secured in Warehouses or not - 0 7 1

- exceeding 221 Inches, and not exceeding 31 §

Inches in Breadth,

- imported in a British-built Ship, the

120 Ells - - 2 11 3

more, the 120 Ells, payable on the first Entry thereof, whether to be secured in Warehouses or not - - 0 10 9

- imported in a Ship-not British-built, the

120 Ells - - - 2 13 1

more, the 120 Ells, payable on the first Entry thereof, whether to be secured in Warehouses or not - - 0 112

- exceeding 3l£ Inches, and not exceeding 36

Inches in Breadth,

- imported in a British-built Ship, the

120 Ells - - 3 16 0

more, the 120 Ells, payable on the first Entry thereof, whether to be secured

in Warehouses or not - - 0 16 0

- imported in a Ship not British-built, the

120 Ells - - 3 19 4

more, the 120 Ells, payable on the first Entry thereof, whether to be secured

in Warehouses or not - - 0 16 8

- exceeding 36 Inches, and not exceeding 45

Inches in Breadth,

- imported in a British-built Ship, the

120 Ells - - 6 17 5

more, the 120 Ells, payable on the first Entry thereof, whether to be secured

in Warehouses or not - - 18 11

- imported in a Ship not British-built, the

120 Ells - - 7 0 2

more, the 120 Ells, payable on the first Entry thereof, whether to be secured in Warehouses or not - 196

Drawback.

£ s. d.

0 13 2

0 13 6

0 13 6

1 1 6 1 1 6

1 12 0 1 12 0

2 17 10 2 17 10

TABLE (A.)-INWARDS. J Duty. Drawback.

1 Linen, — Russia Linen, &c. continued. £ c j _ 75

- exceeding 4*5 Inches in Breadth, - - imported in a British-built Ship, the I»o* tt«*' S dm

120 Ells. more, the 120 Ells, payable on the first Entry thereof, whether to fye secured 1 910 0 4 0 0

I in Warehouses or not - - imported in a Ship not Britbh^Mult, the j 3 0 0 —

120 Ells I more, the 120 Ells, payable on the first Entry thereof, whether to be secured917 6 4 0 0

in Warehouses or not 1 — : Sail Cloth, or Sail Duck, viz. I - - - not exceeding 36 Inches in Breadth, I - - imported in a British-built Ship, the 2 16

120 Ells ... I - - imported in a Ship not British-built, «74

the 120 Ells - exceeding 36 Inches in Breadth, j - - imported in a British-built Ship, the 5 IS 1

120 Ells -- - imported in a Ship not British-built, 8 19 3, '

120 Ells - Sails, for every 100l. of the Value Note. — Foreign-made Sails on board any Ship or Vessel belonging to any of His Majesty's Subjects, whether in j use or not, are to be charged with the like Duties as Foreign-made Seals imported by way of Merchandize, See 19 Geo. 2. cap. 27. and the 54* Geo. 3. cap. 66. Linen, not being chequered or striped, or not being printed, painted, stained, or dyed, after the Manufacture, or in the Thread or Yarn before the Manufacture, and not being otherwise enumerated or described, for97 0 10492

every 100l. of the Value I more, for every 100l. of the Value, payable on tie first Entry thereof, whether to be secured in 63 6 8 26 IS 4

I Warehouses or not J Linen, chequered or striped, or printed, painted, stained, or dyed, after the Manufacture, or in the Thread or Yarn before the Manufacture, not being prohibited to be imported into, nor worn nor used in Great Britain, and not being otherwise enumerated or de- IS 6 8

I scribed, for every 100l. of the Value - " H J German and Russia Linen, chequered or striped, the j I Thread or Yarn of which the same is made being j coloured, stained, or dyed before the Manufacture, I exported to any Island under the Dominion of His Majesty in the West Indies, in which Description the I Bahama Islands, and the Bermudas or Somers Islands 172 10 0

I are included, for every 100l. of the Value J Linen Yarn, See Yarn.*I Linn Boards^ See Boards in Wood. I Linseed, See Seed. _ 1 17 10 0

I Cakes, the cwt. I Oil, See Oil. 1 Lion Skins, See Skins. I 0 0 2

Lipari Raisins, See Raisins,

Liquorice Juice, or Succus Liquoritiae, the cwt.

- Powder, the cwt* -

- Root, the cwt*

Extract or Preparation of See Extract.

Liquors. Foreign Liquors — Derelict, Jetsam, Flotsam, Lagan, or Wreck, brought or coming into Great Britain, are subject to the same Duties, and entitled to the same Drawbacks as Liquors of the like Kind regularly imported.

Litharge of Gold or Silver, the cwt.

Litmus, the cwt.

Liverwort, See Lichen Islandicus in Moss.

Lobsters, See Fish.

Logwood, See Wood.

Long Pepper, See Pepper.

Losh Hides, See Hides.

Lucerne Seed, See Seed.

Lupines, the cwt.

Lutestrings, See Catlings.

M.

Mace, the lb.

- the Produce of, and imported from any British Colony or

Plantation, the lb.

imported under Licence, the lb.

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which Mace may be so imported. See 3 and Ann. cap. 4. 8 Ann. cap. 7* 6 Geo. 1. cap. 21. and also 8 Geo. 1. cap. 18., which is continued by several Statutes, and by 19 Geo. 3. cap. 20. made perpetual.

- CHI of, See Oil.

Madder, viz.

.. Mull Madder, the cwt.

- Madder Root, and all unmanufactured Madder, the cwt.

- Madder in any way manufactured, the cwt.

Mahogany* See Wood.

Malta, Island of, and its Dependencies.

For the Duties and Drawbacks on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, being of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of any Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, legally imported or brought into the Island of Malta or its Dependencies, and imported from thence into Great Britain, See Table B.

Man, Isle of.

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which the Inhabitants of the Isle of Man may import directly from thence into Great Britain, Bestials, or any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize of the Growth, Produce, and Manufacture of the said Island, not being prohibited to be imported from thence; and Linen Manufactures made in the Isle of Man of Hemp or Flax, not being the Produce thereof; and also Cotton Yarn or Cotton Cloth of the Manufacture of the said Island, without Payment of any Customs or Duties, except such

£ s. <L

3 15 0

5 10 0

3 3 4

d.

0 2 0 0 4 0

0 5 0

0 4 6

0 3 6

0 4 6

0 4 0

0 3 2

0 2 0 0 5 0

0 15 0

Man, Isle of, continued.

Excise or other Duty as is or may be payable for the like Goods or Merchandize of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of Great Britain, See 5 Geo. 3. cap. 43. 20 Geo. 3. cap. 42. 34 Geo. 3. cap. 51. and 45 Geo. 3. cap. 99. Mangrove Bark, See Bark.

Manna, the lb.

Manuscripts, See Books.

Maps and Charts, plain or coloured, each Map or Chart, or Part thereof

Marble, See Stone.

Marbles for Children, Sec Toys.

Mares, See Horses.

- Hides, See Horse Hides in Hides.

Marjoram, Oil of, See Oil.

Marmalade, the lb.

Martin Skins, 1 0

- Tails! J See Skins.

Mastich, imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb.

- imported not directly from the Place of its Growth,

the lb.

Masts, See Wood.

Mats, viz.

- of Russia, imported in a British-built Ship, the 100

- imported in a Ship not British-built, the 100 -

- not otherwise enumerated or described, for every 100l. of the Value -

Matting for every 100Z. of the Value -

Mattresses, for every 100l. of the Value Maw Seed, See Seed.

Mead or Metheglin, the Gallon -

Subject also to a Duty of Excise.

Meal, See Corn.

Medals, viz.

- of Gold or Silver, Duty free.

- of any other sort, for every 100Z. of the Value

Medlars, the Bushel -

Melasses, the cwt..- -

- the Produce of, and imported from the British Plantations in America, the cwt. Melting Pots for Goldsmiths, See Pots.

Mercury prepared, for every 100l. of the Value Metal, viz.

- Bell Metal, the cwt. -

- Leaf Metal (except of Leaf Gold) the Packet containing

250 Leaves

Metheglin, See Mead.

Mill Boards, the cwt. Millet Seed, See Seed.

Mill Stones, See Stone.

Mineral Water, See Water.

Minerals, not otherwise enumerated or described, for every 100Z. of the Value -

- Specimens of, See Specimens.

Mink Skins, See Skins.

Mohair Yam, See Camel Yam in Yarn.

59 Geo. III. j H

£ s. d.

<£ s. d.

0 13 0 0 10

0 2 0 —

0 1 3 —

0 14 0 0 10

0 2 0 0 1 3

13 9

1 5 0. —

50 0 0

50 0 0 .i —

50 0 0 —

0 0 6 —

20 0 '0

0 5 0 —

1 39 —

0 10 0 —

50 0 0 —

1 0 0 —

0 0 8 —

3 8 2 —

20 0 0

TABLE (A.) — INWARDS.

Molasses, See Melasses.

Mole Skins, See Skins.

Morels, the lb.

Morocco, See Gibraltar.

Moss, viz.

- Lichen Islandicus, or Liverwort, the lb.

- Rock, for Dyers use, the Ton containing 20 cwt.

- not otherwise enumerated or described, for every 100/- of the Value -

Mules, each

Mum, See Beer.

Musical Instruments, for every 100l. of the Value Musk, the oz.

Musquash Skins, See Skins.

Mustard Seed, See Seed.

Myrrh, imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb.

- imported not directly from the Place of its Growth, the

lb.* .*

Myrtle Wax, See Wax.

N.

Napkining, See Linen.

Nardus Celtics, the cwt.

Nardus Indica, See Spikenard.

Natron, See Alkali.

Nest Boxes, See Boxes.

Neats Tongues, See Tongues.

Neroli Oil, See Oil of Orange Flower.

Nets, viz. Old Fishing Nets, fit only for making Paper or Pasteboard, See Rap.

Nicaragua Wood, See Wood.

Nutmegs, the lb.

- the Produce of, and imported from any British Colony

or Plantation, the lb.

- imported under Licence, the lb.

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, under which Nutmegs may be so imported, See S and Ann. cap. 4. 8 Ann. cap. 7. 6 Geo. 1. cap. 21., and also

8 Geo. l.cap. 18., which is continued by several Statutes, and by 49 Geo. 3. cap. 20. made perpetual.

- Oil of, See Oil.

Nutria Skins, See Skins.

Nuts, viz.

- Cashew Nuts, the lb.

- Chesnuts, the Bushel -

- Pistachio Nuts, imported directly from the Place of their

Growth, the lb.

- imported not directly from the Place of their Growth, the lb.

- Small Nuts, the Bushel'-

- Walnuts, the Bushel

- Nuts not otherwise enumerated or described, for every

100l. of the Value -

Nux Vomicp, the lb.

- Extract or Preparation of, See Extract.

Duty. Drawback.

£ s. d. £ s. d.

0 29 —

0 0 8 __

1 15 0 —

20 0 0

5 0 0 —

50 0 0 —

0 5 0 0 3 4

0 18 0 1 1

0 2 6 0 1 8

1 0 p 0 IS 4

0 3 6 0 3 2

0 2 6 0 2 3

0 3 6

0 2 0 0 1 4

0 4 0 —

0 0 10 —

0 13 —

0 4 0 —

0 4 0 —

20 0 0

0 2 6 r

TABLE (A.) — INWARDS.

Oak

O.

Bark, See Bark.

--Boards, See Boards in Wood.

--Knees, See Knees of Oak in Wood.

n: Kr, }*'w"d-

Oakum, the cwt. Oars, See Wood.

asr*}*' o —

Ochre or Oaker, the cwt. Oculi Cancrorum, See Cancrorum Oculi.

Oil, viz.

- of Almonds, the lb.

- of Amber or Succinum, the lb.

- of Aniseed, the lb.

- of Bay, the lb.

- of Cajaputa, the oz.

- of Caraway, the lb.

- of Cassia, the oz.

- of Castor, the lb.

- Chemical Oil, not otherwise enumerated or described, the lb.

- of Cinnamon, the oz.

- of Cloves, the oz.

- of Coco Nut, the cwt.

- of Fennel, the lb.

- Fish Oil, See Train Oil in Oil.

- of Hemp Seed, the Tun containing 252 Gallons -

- of Jessamine, the lb.

- of Juniper, the lb.

- of Lavender, the lb.

- of Linseed, the Tun containing 252 Gallons

- of Mace, the oz.

- of Marjoram, the lb.

- of Nutmegs, the oz.

- of Olives, imported in a British-built Ship, the Tun containing 252 Gallons - imported in a Ship not British-built, the Tim containing 252 Gallons -

- of Orange Flower or Neroli, the oz.

- of Palm, the cwt.

- perfumed Oil, not otherwise enumerated or described, the lb.

- of Pine, the lb.

- of Rape Seed, the Tun containing 252 Gallons --

- of Rhodium, the oz.

- Rock Oil, the lb.

- of Rosemary, the lb.

- of Roses, See Otto of Roses.

- of Rosewood, the oz.

- Salad Oil, See Oil of Olives.

- of Sandalwood, the oz.*-

- of Sassafras, the lb.

- Seal Oil, See Train Oil in Oil.

- Seed Oil, not otherwise enumerated or described, the Tun

containing 252 Gallons -

« — of Spike, the lb.

5« 2

Duty.

£ s. d.

0 4 9

0 6 9

0 0 10

0 5 6

0 4 0

0 0 3

0 1 0

0 2 6

0 5 0

0 1 3

0 4 0

0 5 0

0 2 0

0 2 6

0 4 0

S3 5 0

0 4 0

0 2 0

0 4 0

ss 5 0

0 2 6

0 4 0

0 2 6

15 13 0

16 13 0

0 2 0

0 2 6

0 4 0

0 0 8

33 5 0

0 5 Q

0 0 10

0 4 0

0 5 0

0 2 6

0 2 6

ss .5 0

0 4 0

Drawback.

£ 5. d.

Oil, continued.

£ s. ds 5. d.

___of Succinum, See Oil of Amber.

- of Thyme, the lb.

- Train Oil and Blubber, viz.

- Blubber, the Produce of Fish or Creatures living

in the Sea, taken and caught by the Crew of a British-built Ship or Vessel, wholly owned by His Majesty's Subjects usually residing in Great Britain, Ireland, or the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, registered and navigated according to Law, and imported in any such Shipping, the Tun containing 252 Gallons -

- Blubber, the Produce of Fish or Creatures living

in the Sea, taken and caught on the Banks ana Shores of the Island of Newfoundland, and Parts adjacent, wholly by His Majesty's Subjects carrying on such Fishery from that Island, or taken and caught wholly by His Majesty's Subjects usually residing in any of the Bahama or Bermudas Islands, or taken and caught in the Gulph of Saint Lawrence, or on the Shores of any British Colony or Plantation in North America, or the Parts adjacent, wholly by His Majesty's Subjects usually residing in any of the said Colonies or Plantations, and carrying on such Fishery from thence, and imported directly from such Places, Islands, Colonies, or Plantations, in a British-built Ship or Vessel, owned, navigated, and registered according Jto Law, the Tun containing 252 Gallons

For the Suspension of the above Duty on Blubber, imported directly from the Island of Newfoundland until the 5th July 1824, See the Act to which this Table is annexed.

- Blubber, the Produce of Fish or Creatures living

in the Sea, taken and caught wholly by His Majesty's Subjects usually residing in any other British Colony, Plantation, Territory, or Settlement, and imported in a British-built Ship or

cording to

id Restrictions, under which Blubber may be admitted to Entry as British taken and caught, on Payment of Duty as before mentioned (as the Case may be), See the 49 Geo. 3. cap. 98. and the Act to which this Table is annexed.

- Blubber, the Produce of Fish or Creatures living in the Sea, of Foreign Fishing, the Tun con-

For the Conditions and Regulations according to which the Quantity of Oil contained in Blubber, imported from the Greenland

6

5 10 10

tabling 252 Gallons

22 3 4

TABLE (A.) — INWARDS. Duty. Drawback,

Oil, — Train Oil and Blubber, continued. Seas or Davis's Streights, is to be ascertained, See 39 & 40 Geo. 3. cap. 51, and 43 Geo. 3. cap. 68. - Train Oil, the Produce of Fish or Creatures living in the Sea, taken and caught by the Crew of a British-built Ship or Vessel, wholly owned by His Majesty's Subjects usually residing in Great Britain, Ireland, or the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, registered and navigated accord ingto Law, and imported in any £ s. d. & s. d.

such Shipping, the Tun containing 252 Gallons - Train Oil, the Produce of Fish or Creatures living in the Sea, taken and caught on the Banks and Shores of the Island of Newfoundland and Parts adjacent, wholly by His Majesty's Subjects carrying on such Fishery from that Island, or taken and caught wholly by His Majesty's Subjects usually residing in any of the Bahama or Bermudas Islands, or taken and caught in the Gulph of St, Lawrence, or on the Shores of any British Colony or Plantation in North America, or the Parts adjacent, wholly by His Majesty's Subjects usually residing in any of the said Colonies or Plantations, and carrying on such Fishery from thence, and imported directly from such Places, Islands, Colonies, or Plantations in a British-built Ship or Vessel, owned, navigated, and registered according to Law, the Tun contain- 0 8 3

ing 252 Gallons - - For the Suspension of the above Duty on*Train Oil, imported directly from the Island of Newfoundland, until the 5th July 1824, See the Act to which this Table is annexed* - - - Train Oil, the Produce of Fish or Creatures living in the Sea, taken and caught wholly by His Majesty's Subjects usually residing in any other British Colony, Plantation, Territory, or Settlement, and imported in a British-built Ship or Vessel, registered and navigated according to 10 0

Law, the Tun containing 252 Gallons For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, under which Train Oil may be admitted to Entry as British taken and caught, on Payment of Duty as before mentioned (as the Case may be), See the 49 Geo. 3. cap. 98. and the Act to which this Table is annexed. - - - Train Oil, the Produce of Fish or Creatures living in the Sea, of Foreign Fishing, the Tun con- 8 G 3

taining 252 Gallons Spermaceti Oil or Head Matter, the Produce of Fish or Creatures living in the Sea, taken and caught by the Crew of »a British-built Ship or Vessel, wholly owned by His Majesty's Subjects usually residing in Great Britain, Ireland, or the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, S3 5 0

785

59° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1819.

C. 52.

TABLE (A.) — INWARDS.

Oil, — Spermaceti Oil, continued.

Alderney, Sark, or Man, registered and navigated according to Law, and imported in any such Shipping, the Tun containing 252 Gallons -

- Spermaceti Oil or Head Matter, the Produce of Fish or

Creatures living in the Sea, taken and caught on the Banks and Shores of the Island of Newfoundland and Parts adjacent, wholly by His Majesty's Subjects carrying on such Fishery from that Island, or taken and caugnt wholly by His Majesty's Subjects usually residing in any of the Bahama or Bermudas Islands, or taken and caught in the Gulph of Saint Lawrence, or on the Shores of any British Colony or Plantation in North America, or the Parts adjacent, wholly by His Majesty's Subjects usually residing in any of the said Colonies or Plantations, and carrying on such Fishery from thence, and imported* directly from such Places, Islands, Colonies, or Plantations in a British-built Ship or Vessel, owned, navigated, and registered according to Law, the Tuh containing 252 Gallons -

For the Suspension of the above Duty on Spermaceti Oil or Head Matter, imported directly from the Island of Newfoundland, until the 5th July 1824, See the Act to which this Table is annexed.

- Spermaceti Oil or Head Matter, the Produce of Fish or

Creatures living in the Sea, taken and caught wholly by His Majesty's Subjects usually residing in any other British Colony, Plantation, Territory, or Settlement, and imported in a British-built Ship or Vessel, registered and navigated according to Law, the Tun containing 252 Gallons -

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, under which Spermaceti Oil or Head Matter may be admitted to Entry as British-taken and caught, on Payment of Duty as before mentioned (as the Case may be). See the 49th Geo. S. cap. 98. and the Act to which this Table is annexed.

- Spermaceti Oil or Head Matter, the Produce of Fish or

Creatures living in the Sea, of Foreign Fishing, the Tun containing 252 Gallons -

- of Turpentine, the lb.

- of Vitriol, the lb.

- Walnut Oil, the lb.

- Whale Oil, See Train Oil in Oil.

- Oil, not particularly enumerated or described, nor otherwise charged with Duty, for every 100l. of the Value

Oker, See Ochre.

Olibanum, imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the cwt.

- imported not directly from the Place of its Growth,

the cwt, -

Olive Wood, See Wood.

Olives, the Gallon -

- Oil of, See Oil.

Onion Seed, See Seed.

Onions, the Bushel -

d.

0 8 3

1 0 0

24 18 9

S4 18 8

0 0 8

0 0 6

0 0 6

50 0 0

2 7 6

8 11 8

0 2 6

0 8 0

Drawback.

£ t. d.

1 11 8 2 7 6

Open Tapes, See Tapes.

Opium, imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb.

- imported not directly from the Place of its Growth,

the lb.

- Extract or Preparation of, See Extract.

Opopanax Gum, See Gum.

Orange Flower Oil, See Oil.

Orange Flower Water, the Gallon Oranges, imported in a British-built Ship, the 1, 000

- imported in a Ship not British-built, the 1, 000

- , Juice of, See Juice.

- *--Peel of, the lb.

Orchal, Orchelia, or Archelia, the cwt. Orchelia, See Orchal.

Ordinary Oil of Olives, See Oil.

Ore, viz.

--Copper, See Copper.

--Gold, See Bullion.

--Iron, See Iron.

--Lead, See Lead.

--Platina, See Platina.

--Silver, See Bullion.

--Ore not otherwise enumerated or described, for every 100l.

of the Value -

--Specimens of, See Specimens.

Orpiment, the cwt.

Orrice or Iris Root, the cwt -

Orsedew, the lb.

Ostrich Feathers, See Feathers.

- Wool, See Wool.

Otter Skins, See Skins.

Otto or Attar or Oil of Roses, the oz.

Ounce Skins, See Skins.

Outnal Thread, See Thread.

Ox Hair, See Cow Hair in Hair.

- Hides, See Buffalo Hides in Hides.

- Horns, See Horns.

- Tails, See Buffalo Tails in Tails.

Oysters, See Fish.

P.

Pack Duck, See Drillings in Linen.

Packing Canvass, See Canvass in Linen*

Pack Thread, See Thread.

Painted Paper, See Paper.

Painters Colours, not otherwise enumerated or described, for every 100l. of the Value -

Paintings on Glass, for every 100l. of the Value Subject also to a Duty of Excise.

Paling Boards, See Boaids in Wood.

Palm*Oil, See Oil.

Panthers Skins, See Skins.

Pantiles, See Tiles.

£ s. d.

090 0 13 6

0 3 2

1 5 0

1 7 6

0 0 6 0 16 8

20 0 0

18 6 1 8 6 0 1 3

0 6 0

50 0 0 80 0 0

£ s. d.

0 6 0

090

TABLE (A.) — INWARDS. Duty. Drawback.

Paper, viz. - Brown Paper made of old Rope or Cordage only, with- out separating or extracting the Pitch or Tar therefrom, and without any Mixture of other Materials £ s. d. £ s. d.

therewith, the lb. printed, painted, or stained Paper, or Paper Hangings, 0 0 10

or Flock Paper, the Yard square — Waste Paper, or Paper of any other Sort not particularly enumerated or described, nor otherwise charged with 0 1 7

Duty, the lb. Paradise, Grains of, See Grains. 0 1 7

Parchment, the Dozen Sheets - Pasteboards, the cwt. - - Paving Stones, See Stone. — Tiles, See Tiles. Pearl Ashes, See Ashes. 0 10 0

3 8 2

Pearl Barley, the cwt. - - - 0 17 6 —

Pearls, for every 100l. of the Value 5 0 0 —

Pears, the Bushel - - 0 7 6 —

dried, the Bushel - - - Pease, See Com. Pebble Stones, See Stone. 0 10 0

Pellitory, the lb. Pelts, See Skins. Pencils, for every 100l. of the Value - — - of Slate, See Slate. Pencils. 0 0 6 0 0 4

50 0 0 —

Pens, for every 100l. of the Value Peony Seed, See Piony Seed in Seed. Pepper, viz. 50 0 0

Cayenne Pepper, the lb. - - Guinea Pepper, Capsicum, or Chillies, the lb. - Extract or Preparation of Guinea Pepper, See Extract.« — 'Long Pepper, the lb. Perfumed Dust, See Hair Powder. — - Oil, See Oil. 0 2 6 0 2 6 0 2 0

Perry, the Tun containing 252 Gallons Subject also to a Duty of Excise. Peruvianus Cortex, See Peruvian Bark in Bark. Pickles of all Sorts, not otherwise enumerated or described, the 17 1 0

Gallon - Picture Frames, See Frames. Pictures, viz. 0 5 0

under Two Feet Square, the Picture of Two Feet Square, and under Four Feet Square, the 3 8 0

Picture --- of Four Feet Square, or upwards, the Picture Pig Iron, See Iron. Lead, See Lead. Pill Boxes, See Boxes. Pimento, viz. of the British Plantations, the lb. not of the British Plantations, the lb. Pine Oil, See Oil. Pink Root, the lb. - Piony or Peony Seed, See Seed. Pipe Boards, See Boards in Wood. 6 16 0 10 4 0 0 0 10 0 1 3 0 0 9

0 0 10 0 0 6

A.D. 1819. 59° GEORGII III. C. 52.

Pistachio Nats, See Nuts.

Pitch, viz.

- imported in & British-built Ship, the cwt.

- imported in a Ship not British-built, the cwt

- the Produce of any British Colony or Plantation, the

cwt.

- Burgundy Pitch, the cwt -

- Jew's Pitch, See Bitumen Judaicum.

Plain Tiles, See Tiles.

Plants, Shrubs, and Trees alive, Duty free.

Plaster of Paris, the cwt. Plate, viz.

- battered, fit only to be re-manufactured, See Bullion.

- of Gold, the oz. Troy -

- of Silver Gilt, the oz. Troy -

- of Silver, part Gilt, the oz. Troy -

- ungilt, the oz. Troy -

Plated Wire, See Gilt Wire in Wire.

Plate Glass, See Glass.

Platina, the oz.

- Ore of, for every 100l. of the Value

Platting, or other Manufactures to be used in or proper for making Hats or Bonnets, viz.

- of Bast, Chip, Cane, or Horse Hair, the lb.

- of Straw, the lb.

Playing Cards, See Cards.

Plums dried, the lb.

Polishing Rushes, for every 100l. of the Value

- Stones, See Stone.

Polonia Wool, See Wool.

Pomatum, for every 100l. of the Value Pomegranates, the 1, 000 -

- Peels of, the cwt.

Poppies Heads, See Capita Papaverum.

Porcelain, See China Ware.

Portugal, Territories and Dominions of the Crown of,

Note. — Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, being of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of any of the Territories or Dominions of the Crown of Portugal, imported directly from any of the said Territories or Dominions, in a Ship or Vessel built in any of the said Territories or Dominions, or taken by any Ship or Vessel of War belonging to the Portuguese Government, or by any Ship or Vessel belonging to any of the Subjects of the Territories or Dominions aforesaid, having Commissions and Letters of Marque and Reprisals from the Portuguese Government, and condemned as lawful Prize in any Court of Admiralty of the said Government, such Ship or Vessel being owned by Subjects of the said Government, and navigated with a Master and Three-fourths of the Mariners at lea^t Subjects of the said Government, may be entered and landed on Payment of such Duties of Customs and Excise, and no higher, as are payable on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize of the like Denomination or Description, upon their Importation from any other Foreign Country in British-built Ships or Vessels, owned, 59 Geo. III. 5 I

£ s. d.

0 0 10

0 0 11

0 0 9

0 14 5

0 2 6

s 16 9

0 6 4

0 6 0

0 4 6

0 1 0

5 0 0

0 6 0

0 17 0

0 1 3

90 0 0

50. 0 0

1 10 0

0 15 0

d.

Portugal, continued.

navigated, and registered according to Law; and in Cases where different Duties are imposed upon any Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, of the like Denomination or Description so imported from different Foreign Countries, then, upon Payment of the lowest Duties, which by Law are required to be paid on the Importation in British-built Ships or Vessels of any such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, from any Foreign Country; and on the Exportation of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, the $ame Drawbacks shall be paid or allowed as on other Goods of the like Description exported; and on the Exportation of any Goods to the said Territories or Dominions, the same Drawbacks shall be paid or allowed as on the Exportation of Goods of the like Description, when exported to any of the Islands, Plantations, or Colonies belonging to the Crown of Great Britain in America, See 51 Geo. 3. cap. 47. which Act is to be in force during the Continuance of the Treaty of Amity, Commerce, and Navigation, concluded between His Majesty and His Royal Highness the Prince Regent of Portugal, signed at Rio de Janeiro, the 19th February 1810.

Pot Ashes, See Ashes.

Potatoes, the cwt.

Pots, viz.

- Melting Pots for Goldsmiths, the 100 -

- of Stone, for every 100l. of the Value

Pottery, See Earthenware.

Powder, viz.

- of Brass, for japanning, the lb.

- of Bronze^ for every 100l. of the Value

- Gunpowder, See in G.

- Hair Powder, See in H.

- Powder, not otherwise enumerated or described, that

will serve for the same Uses as Starch, the cwt. Precious Stones, See Jewels.

Printers* Ink, See Ink for Printers.

Prints and Drawings, viz.

- Plain, not exceeding a Foot square* each

- exceeding a Foot square, each

- Coloured, not exceeding a Foot square, each

- exceeding a Fopt square, each

Prunelle Sal, See Sal.

Prunelloes, the lb.

Prunes, imported in a British-built Ship, the cwt.

- imported in a Ship not British-built, the cwt.

Puddings, See Sausages.

Pumice Stone, See Stone.

Pyrmont Water, See Mineral Water in Water.

Q.

Quassia, the cwt.

- Extract or Preparation of See Extract.

Quebec.

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which Goods and Commodities of the Growth or Pro-

£ s. d.

0 2 0

0 3 2

50 0 0

0 5 6

50 0 0

9 10 0

0 1 0 0 2 0 0 2 0 0 4 0

0 1 3

1 7 6

1 8 6

8 17 6

Drawback.

jSs.iL

Quebec, continued.

duction of any of the Countries bordering on the Province of Quebec, and legally brought by Land or Inland Navigation into that Province, may be imported from thence and charged with Duty, or exempted therefrom, in like Manner as if such Goods and Commodities were of the Growth or Production of Quebec, and imported directly from thence. See SO Geo. S. cap. 29.

Quercitron, or Black Oak Bark, See Bark.

Quern Stones, See Stone.

Quicksilver, the lb.

Quills, viz.

- Goose Quills, the 1, 000 -

- Swan Quills, the 1, 000 -

Quinces, the 100 -

Quince Seed, See Seed.

R.

Raccoon Skins, See Skins.

Radix, viz.

- Contrayervae, the lb.

- Enulee Campanae, the cwt* -

- Eringii, the lb.

- Ipecacuannae, the lb.

- Rhataniae, the lb.

- Extract or Preparation of, See Extract. ----- Senekae, the lb.

- Serpentariae or Snake Root, the lb.

Rag Stones, See Stone.

Rags,t&g.

- old Rags, old Ropes or Junk, or old Fishing Nets, fit

only for making Paper or Pasteboard, the Ton containing 20 cwt.

- imported in a British-built Ship

- imported in a Ship not British-built

- Woollen Rags fit only for die Purpose of Manure, the

Ton containing 20 cwt.

- imported in a British-built Ship

- imported in a Ship not British-built

Raisins, viz.

- Denia or Lexia, imported in a British-built Ship, the cwt.

- imported in a Ship not British-built, the cwt. ----- of the Sun, imported in a British-built Ship, the cwt.

- imported in a Ship not British-built, the cwt.

of any other Sort, importea in a British-built Ship,

the cwt.

- imported in a Ship not British-

built, the cwt.

Note. — No Allowance of the Duty on Raisins to be made on account of Damage.

Rape Cakes, the cwt.

- Seed, See Seed.

- Seed Oil, See Oil.

Rape of Grapes, the Tun containing 252 Gallons

Ratafia, See Cordial Water in Spirits.

5 1

£ s. d.

0 1 8

0 2 6 0 12 0 0 4 0

di s* d.

0 1 1

0 18 0 11

0 IS 6 090

0 0 6 0 0 4

0 4 0 0 2 8

0 2 0 0 14

0 19 0 12

0 190 1 2

1 6 0 —

1 10 0 —

0 IS 0 — t,

0 15 0 —

1 0 0 0 18 0

1 1 0 0 18 0

2 2 6 1 18 0

2 S 6 1 18 0

1 2 0 1 0 0

1 3 0 1 0 0

0 0 2 —

11 1 8

TABLE (A.) — INWARDS.

Rattans, See Canes.

Raw Linen Yarn, See Yarn.

- Silk, See Silk.

Red Lead, See Lead.

- Mangrove Bark, See Bark.

- Wood, See Wood.

- Wool, See Wool.

Reed Canes, See Canes/

Rein Deer Tongues, See Tongues.

Rennett, the Gallon -

Resina Jalappee, the lb.

Rhatany Root, See Radix Rhataniee.

Rhinehurst, the cwt.

Rhodium Lignum, See Lignum Rhodium in Wood.

- Oil of, See Oil.

Rhubarb, the lb.

Rice, viz.

- the Produce of, and imported directly from any British

Colony, Plantation, Territory, or Dominion,

- not being rough and in the Husk, the cwt.

- N - if rough and in the Husk, the cwt.

- not being the Produce of, and imported directly from any

British Colony, Plantation, Territory, or Dominion, and Rice the Produce of any other Country or Place,

- not being rough and in the Husk, the cwt.

- if rough and in the Husk, the cwt.

Riga Balsam, See Balsam.

Roch Alum, See Alum.

Rock Moss, See Moss.

- Oil, See Oil.

Rocou, See Annotto.

Ropes of Bast, See Bast Ropes-

- New, See Cordage.

- Old, See Rags.

Rose Copper, See Copper.

Rosemary, Oil of See Oil.

Roses, Leaves of, See Leaves.

- Oil of, See Otto of Roses.

Rose Wood, See Wood.

- Oil of, See Oil.

Rosin or Calophonia,

- imported in a British-built Ship, the ewt.

- imported in a Ship not British-built, the cwt.

- the Produce of any of the Dominions or Plantations belonging to the Crown of Great Britain, the cwt.

Round Wood, See Wood.

Rubies, See Jewels.

Rum, See Spirits.

Russia Linen, See Linen.

- Mats, See Mats.

Rye, See Com.

Duty. Drawback.

£ s. d. £ f. d.

0 0 6

0 690 4 6

0 14 3 096

0 4 0 0 2 8

0 5 0

0 2 6

0 15 0

0 10 0

0 4 9

0 5 6 —

OSS

TABLE (A.) — INWARDS.

Sabadilla Seed, See Seed.

Sable Skins, See Skins.

Saccharum Saturai, the lb.

Safflower, the cwt

Saffron, the lb.

Sagapenum Gum, See Gum.

Sail Cloth or Sail Duck, See Sail Cloth in Linen.

Sails, See Linen.

Sal, viz.

- Ammoniac, the lb.

- Gem, the cwt.

- Limonum, the lb.

- Prunelle, the lb#

- Succini, the lb.

Salad Oil, See Oil of Olives.

Salep or Salop, imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb.

- imported not directly from the Place of its

Growth, the lb.

Salt, Duty free.

Salt is subject to a Duty of Excise.

Saltpetre, the cwt.

Sand Boxes, See Boxes.

Sandal Wood, Oil of, See Oil.

Sandarach Gum, See Gum.

Sanguis Draconis, imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb.

- imported not directly from the Place of its

Growth, the lb.

Santa Maria Wood, See Wood.

Sarcocolla Gum, See Gum.

Sark, Island of, See Guernsey.

Sarsaparilla, the lb.

Sassafras, the cwt -

- Bark, See Bark.

Oil of, See Oil.

Saunders, viz.

- Red, the Ton containing 20 cwt.

- White or Yellow, the lb.

Sausages or Puddings, the lb.

Scaleboards, the cwt -

Scammony, imported directly from the Plaoe of its Growth, the lb.

- imported not directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb.

Scilla, See Squills.

Scio, Turpentine of, See Turpentine.

Sculptured Marble, See Stone.

Sea Cow, Sea Horse, or Sea Morse Teeth, the cwt.

Sealing Wax, See Wax.

Seal Oil, See Train Oil in Oil.

- Skins, See Skins.

Seed, viz.

- Ammi or Amios Seed, the lb.

Duty. Drawback.

£ s. (L £ s. d.

0 0 10 0 0 6

0 89 —

0 7 6 0 5 0

0 0 6

0 8 0 —

0 49--

0 0 6 —

0 S 2 —

0 19 0 0 10

0 1 10 0 13

0 0 6 —

0 18 0 1 1

0 2 6 0 1 8

0 13 0 0 10

0 6 4

0 15 0

0 0 10 —

0 1 3 —

3 8 2 —

0 6 4 0 4 2

096 0 6 4

5 4 0 —

0 0 6

794

59° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1819.

0*52*

TABLE (A.) — INWARDS. Duty. Drawback.

Seed, continued. £ s. cL £ s. d*

Anniseed, the cwt. - - 3 0 0

Canary Seed, the cwt. 3 0 0

Caraway Seed, the cwt. 1 0 0

- Carrot Seed, the lb. - - 0 09.

Carthamus Seed, the lb.*0 0 6

- Castor Seed, the lb. - - 0 10

Cevadilla Seed, See Sabadilla Seed. Clover Seed, the cwt. - ... 1 0 0

Cole Seed, the Last - - - 10 0 0

Coriander Seed, the cwt. - - - 0 15 0 —

Cummin Seed, the cwt. ... 10 0 —

Fennel Seed, the lb.' - - 0 09 —

Fenugreek Seed, the cwt. - 096 —

Flax Seed, the Bushel - 0 0 5 —

Forest Seed, for every 100Z. of the Value 25 0 0 —

Garden Seed, not particularly enumerated or described, nor otherwise charged with Duty, the lb. -0 1 0

Hemp Seed, the Quarter containing Eight Bushels 0 17 6 —

- the Produce of, and imported from die British Colonies or Plantations in America, the Quarter containing Eight Bushels 0 0 10

Hemp Seed, and all other Seeds not otherwise charged with Duty commonly made use of for the Purpose of extracting CHI therefrom, (whenever the Price of middling British Rape Seed shall be at or above 17l. 10s. per Last), such Seed being of the Growth of any of the Colonies, Plantations, or Provinces belonging to His Majesty in North America, and imported from thence, the Last containing Ten Quarters, each Quarter containing Eight Bushels - For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restric- O O

tions, under which such Seed may be so imported on Payment of the last-mentioned Duty, See 15 Geo. 3. cap. 34. and 30 Geo. 3. cap. 41. Hemp Seed, and all other Seeds, not otherwise charged with Duty, commonly made use of for the Purpose of extracting the Oil therefrom (whenever the Price of Middling British Rape Seed shall be at or above 20Z. per Last), imported in a British Ship from any Country whatever, the Last containing 10 Quarters, each Quarter containing 8 Bushels - 0 4 0

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, under which such Seed may be so imported on Payment of the last-mentioned Duty, See 15 Geo. 3. cap. 34. 30 Geo. 3. cap. 41. See also 35 Geo. 3. cap. 117. continued by several Statutes, and by 49 Geo. 3. cap. 20. made perpetual. — Linseed, the Bushel - 0 0 5

Lucerne Seed, the cwt. ... 0 12 6 —

Maw Seed, the cwt. - - - 3 0 0

Millet Seed, the cwt. - - 0 11 6

Mustard Seed, the cwt. - - 094

Onion Seed, the cwt. 2 10 6 —

A.D. 1819.

795

59° GEORGII III. C. 52.

Seed, continued.

- Piony, or Peony Seed, the lb.

- Quince Seed, the lb.

- Rape Seed, the Last -

- Sabadilla, or Cevadilla Seed, the lb.

- Worm Seed, imported directly from the Place of its

Growth, the lb.

- imported not directly from the Place of its

Growth, the lb.

- Seed, not partioularly enumerated or described, nor otherr

wise charged with Duty, for every 100l. of the Value Seed Lac, See Lac in Gum.

--Oil, See Oil.

Sena, imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb.

- imported not directly from the Place of its Growth* the lb.

Senegal Gum, See Gum.

Senekae Radix, )0 0.

Serpentariae Radix, \

Shaven Latten, See Latten.

Shaving for Hats, See Platting.

Sheep Skins, See Skins.

- Wool, See Wool.

Shell Lac, See Lac in Gum.

Ships, with their Tackle, Apparel, and Furniture (except Sails) for every 100l. of the Value -

--Tonnage Duty thereon, See Table E.

Shrubs, See Plants.

Shumach, See Sumach.

Sienna Terra, See Terra.

Silesia Lawns, See Lawns in Linen.

- Linen, See German Linen in Linen.

Silk, viz.

--Knubs or F)usks of Silk, the lb. -

--Raw Silk, the lb.

--Thrown Silk, dyed, the lb.

- not dyed, the lb.

- Waste or Floss Silk, not otherwise enumerated or described, the lb.

Silk Worm Gut, for every 100 Z. of the Value Silver Coin, See Bullion.

- Plate, See Plate.

- Wire, See Wire.

Simarouba Cortex, See Bark.

Singing Birds, See Birds.

Sisters Thread, See Thread.

Skates for Sliding, for every 100l. of the Value JSkins and Furs, viz.

--Badger Skins, undressed, the Skin

--Bear Skins, undressed, the Skin -

# - - - undressed, imported from any British Colony,

Plantation, or Settlement in America* the Skin

- Beaver Skins, undressed, the Skin

# - undressed, imported from any British Co-

lony, Plantation, or Settlement in America, the Skin -

£ s.

0 0 6

0 $ 0

10 0 a

0 1 0 —

0 1 6 010

02s 0 16

50 0 0 —

0 1 s 0 0 10

0 1 10 0 L 8

50 0 0 —

0 4 0 0 18

0 5 6 0 2 9

2 5 6 0 19 2

0 14 8 0 6 2

0 4 0, 0 1 8

2Q 0 0

50 0 0

0 16 0 1 4

0 4 6 —

0 8 6

0 0 6 —

i

O O —

Skins, continued*

- Buck or Deer Skins, See Deer Skins.

- Calabar Skins, See Squirrel Skins.

Calves Skins in the Hair, not tanned, tawed, curried, or in any way dressed,

- imported in a British-built Ship, the Dozen

Skins -

- imported in a Ship not British-built, the

Dozen Skins -

- tanned and not otherwise dressed, the lb.

--Cat Skins, undressed, the Skin

# - - - undressed, imported from any British Colony,

Plantation, or Settlement in America, the Skin -

- Coney Skins, undressed, the 100 Skins -- Deer Skins, undressed, the Skin

- undressed, imported from any British Colony,

Plantation, or Settlement in America, the Skin -

- Indian, half dressed or shaved, the Skin

- Dog Skins in the Hair, not tanned, tawed, or in any way

dressed,

- imported in a British-built Ship, the Dozen

Skins -

- imported in a Ship not British-built, the Dozen

Skins -

.. Dog Fish Skins, undressed, the Dozen Skins

- Elk Skins in the Hair, not tanned, tawed, curried, or in

any way dressed,

- imported in a British-built Ship, the Skin

- imported in a Ship not British-built, the Skin-

- Ermine Skins, undressed, the Skin

- Fishers Skins, undressed, the Skin

- undressed, imported from any British Co-

lony, Plantation, or Settlement in America, the Skin -

--Fitches Skins, undressed, the Dozen Skins

--Fox Skins, undressed, the Skin -

# - - - undressed, imported from any British Colony,

Plantation, or Settlement in America, the Skin -

- Tails, undressed, for every 100l. of the Value

- Goat Skins, viz.

- raw or undressed imported in a British-built Ship,

the Dozen Skins -- imported in a Ship not British built, the Dozen Skins

- tanned, the Dozen Skins

--Hare Skins, undressed, the 100 Skins

--Husse Skins, undressed, the Skin

--Kid Skins, in the Hair, the 100 Skins

- dressed, the 100 Skins --- Kip Skins in the Hair, not tanned, tawed, curried, or in

any way dressed,

- imported in a British-built Ship, the Dozen

Skins -

£ s. d.

0 2 0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

2

£ A. d.

7 0 1 0 0 6

0 3

1 0 0 4

0 0 2 0 0 8

0 0 10

5 6 5 2

1 0 2 0 0 8 1 0

0 0 6 0 3 2

0 0 6

0 0 4

20 0 0

0 2 10

0 12 8 2 0 0 5 0 1 0

6

6

'7

0

0 0 7

0 2 10

0 1 5

0 6 0

Skins, — Kip Skins, continued.

- imported in a Ship not British-built, the Dozen

Skins -- tanned and not otherwise dressed, the lb.

Lamb Skins, viz.

- tanned, or tawed, the 100 Skins -

- dressed in Oil, the 100 Skins

--Leopard Skins, undressed, the Skin

--Lion Skins, undressed, the Skin -

Martin Skins, undressed, the Skin

- undressed, imported from any British Colony,

Plantation, or Settlement in America, the Skin

- Tails, undressed, the 100 Tails

- Mink Skins, undressed, the Skin -

- undressed, imported from any British Colony,

Plantation, or Settlement in America, the Skin -

- dressed, the Skin -

- Mole Skins, undressed, the Dozen Skins -

- Musquash Skins, undressed, the 100 Skins

--Nutria Skins, undressed, for every 100l. of the Value -

--Otter Skins, undressed, the Skin -

- undressed, imported from any British Colony,

Plantation, or Settlement in America, the Skin -

- Ounce Skins, undressed, the Skin

- Panther Skins, undressed, the Skin — - Pelts of Goats, undressed, the Dozen Pelts

- dressed, the Dozen Pelts

- of all other Sorts, undressed, the 100 Pelts

--Raccoon Skins, undressed, the Skin

- undressed, imported from any British Colony,

Plantation, or Settlement in America, the Skin -

--Sable Skins, undressed, the Skin -

- T^ils or Tips of Sable, undressed, the Piece

- Seal Skins in the Hair, not tanned, tawed, or in any way

dressed,

- imported in a British-built Ship, the

Skin

- imported in a Ship not British-built,

the Skin -

- cured with Foreign Salt, and imported in a

British-built Ship, the Skin

- of British taking, and imported directly from

Newfoundland, the Skin - cured with Foreign Salt, the Skin For the Suspension of the above Duties on Seal Skins, imported directly from the Island of Newfoundland, until the 5th July 1824?, See the Act to which this Table is annexed.

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, under which such Skins may be so imported upon Payment of the said Duty, See 31 Geo. 3. cap. 26. 32 Geo. 3. cap. 22. and 4-9 Geo. 3. cap. 20.

59 Geo. III. 5 K

£ 5. d £ 5.

0 18 0

0 1 0 —

2 0 0

4 0 0 —

096 0 9

0 6 0 —

0 0 6

0 0 3

0 16 3 0 15

0 0 4 —

0 0 2

0 2 0 —

0 0 6 0 0

0 12 6 —

20 0 0 —

0 1 6 —

0 I 0

0 7 6 —

096 —

0 3 0 —

0 6 0 —

0 17 0 —

0 0 2 —

0 0 1

0 8 4 0 7

0 1 3 0 1

0 0 3 —

0 1 3 —

0 0 3 —

0 0 1

0 0 1 —

798 C. 52. 59° GEORGII III. A.D. 1819.

TABLE (A.) — INWARDS. Duty. Drawback.

Skins, continued.^d.1 £ s. d.

- Sheep Skinfc, undressed in the Wool, the Dozen Skins 0 2 3 —

- tanned or tawed, the 100 Skins 2 0 0 —

- dressed in Oil, the 100 Skins 4 0 0

Squirrel or Calabar Skins, undressed, the 100 Skins Oil 6 0 10 4

- tawed, the 100 Skins --- Tails, undressed, for every lOOZ. of 0 17 6 ——

the Value - - - 20 0 0 —

Swan Skins, undressed, the Skin 0 2 3 —

Tyger Skins, undressed, the Skin 096 0 8 6

Weasel Skins, undressed, the 100 Skins 0 490 4 3

Wolf Skins, undressed, the Skin - undressed, imported from any British Colony, Plantation, or Settlement in America, 0 2 0

the Skin - 0 1 0 —

- tawed, the Skin ... 0 17 6 —

Wolverings, undressed, the Skin - - undressed, imported from any British Co-lony, Plantation, or Settlement in America, 0 1 0

the Skin - — Skins and Furs* or Pieces of Skins and Furs, raw or undressed, not particularly enumerated or described, nor otherwise charged with Duty, for every 100l. of the 0 0 6

Value - - — Skins and Furs, or Pieces of Skins and Furs, tanned, tatwed, curried, or in any way dressed, not particularly enumerated or described, nor otherwise charged with 20 0 0

Duty, for every 100l. of the Value - The Duty on Skins marked*, being the Produce of and imported directly from the Island of Newfoundland, is suspended until the 5th July 1824. See the Act to which this Table is annexed. Slate, See Stone. 76 0 0

Slate Pencils, for every 100l. of the Value Slate, Tables of, Slates in Frames, > See Stone. Slick Stones, J 20 0 0

Smalts, the lb. Smyrna Raisins, See Raisins. Snake Root, See Radix Serpentariae. Snuff, Duty free. Snuff is subject to a Duty of Excise. Soap, viz. Ashes, See Ashes. 0 0 <0

Hard, the cwt. - - 4, 10 0 —

Soft, the cwt.- - - 3 11 S —

Soapers Waste, the Ton containing 20 cwt. Socotorina Aloes, See Aloes. Soda, See Alkali. 0 3 2

Spa Ware, for every 100l. of the Value Water, See Mineral Water in Water. Spanish Wool, See Wool. Spars, See Wood. 50 0 0

A.D. 1819. 59° GEORGII III.

C»52*

Specimens of such Minerals, Fossils or Ores which are not particularly enumerated or described, nor otherwise charged with Duty, each Specimen not exceeding in Weight 14 lbs., the lb.

- exceeding in Weight 14 lbs. each, for every 100l. of the Value -

Speckled Wood, See Wood.

Spelter, the cwt.

Spermaceti, viz.

- Candles, See Candles.

- Fine, the lb.

- Oil, See Train Oil in Oil.

Spike, Oil of, See Oil.

Spikenard, or Nardus Indica, the lb.

Spirits, viz.

- Arquebusade Water, Hungary Water, Lavender Water,

or Usquebaugh, the Gallon ----- Brandy, imported in a British-built Ship, the Gallon -

- imported in a Ship not British-built, the Gallon

- Citron Water, the Gallon -

- Geneva, imported in a British-built Ship, the Gallon -

- imported in a Ship not British-built, the Gallon

- Lavendw Water', }SeeArquebusade Water.

- Rum, the Produce of any British Colony or Plantation

in America, the Gallon -

- of any other Sort, the Gallon

.. Usquebaugh, See Arquebusade Water.

" - Spirits and Cordial, or Strong Waters not particularly enumerated or described, nor otherwise charged with Duty, the Gallon

Spirits are subject also to a Duty of Excise.

- Foreign Liquors — Derelict, Jetsam, Flotsam, Lagan, or

Wreck brought or coming into Great Britain, are subject to the same Duties and entitled to the same Drawbacks as Liquors of the like Kind regularly imported.

Spokes for Wheels, See Wood.

Sponge, imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb.

- imported not directly from the Place of its Growth,

the lb.

Spruce Beer, See Beer.

- Essence of, See Essence.

- Canvass, See Canvass in Linen.

Squills, dried, the cwt.

*----- not dried, the cwt.

Squirrel Skins, See Skins.

Stag Horns, See Horns.

Stained Paper, See Paper.

Starch, the cwt.

Statuary, - - -1 See Sculptured Marble

Statues of Marble or Stone sculptured, 3 in Stone.

- of Bronze or any Sort not otherwise charged with Duty,

the lb.

Stavesacre, the cwt.

Staves, See Wood.

5 K 2

& s. d.

0 0 2

20 0 0

1 8 6

0 1 6

0 2 9

0 5 6 0 1 10 0 2 0 0 10 9

0 1 10 0 2 0

0 1 $ 0 16

0 5 6

0 2 0 0 8 0

10 0 0 5 0

9 10 0

0 0 8 1 8 0

j£ $. d.

0 1 10

0

0

1 4

2 0

0 18 8

Duty. Drawback.

£ s. d. £ s. d.

50 0 0

50 0 0 —

50 0 0

50 0 0 —

S 16 0 —

6 3 6

0 2 0

50 0 0 —

0 2 6 "

0 2 6 —

0 0 10 —

0 0 6 -

20 0 0 i

0 3 2

0 6 1

0 0 10

0 0 6 —

118 0 —

0 12 0

0 13 6 —

20 0 0 -

1 13 4

0 89 —

0 17 6

20 0 0 — I

0 2 6'i

TABLE (A.) — INWARDS.

Steel, or any Manufacture of Steel, not otherwise enumerated or described, for every 100Z. of the Value

- Wire, See Wire.

Stibium, See Antimony.

Stick Lac, See Lac in Gum.

Sticks, viz. Walking Sticks, for every 100l. of the Value Stock Fish, See Fish.

Stockings, viz.

- of Cotton, for every 100Z. of the Value of Thread or Worsted, for every 100Z. of the Value Stone, viz.

- Burs for Mill Stones, the 100 -

See the Note under the Head of Guernsey.

- Dog Stones, not exceeding Feet in Diameter, above 6

and under 12 Inches in Thickness, the Pair

- Emery Stones, the cwt.

- Filtering Stones, for every 100Z. of the Value

- Flint Stones for Potters, the Ton containing 20 cwt

- Grave Stones of Marble polished, each not containing more

than 2 Feet square, the Foot square superficial Measure

- unpolished, the Foot square, su-

perficial Measure

- not of Marble, polished or unpolished, the

Foot square, superficial Measure — Lime Stone, for every 100Z. of the Value — - Marble Basins, Tables, Mortars, and other polished Marble, (except Grave Stones and Paving Stones, polished, each not containing more than 2 Feet square) the Foot square superficial Measure ----- Marble Blocks, the solid Foot

- Marble Busts, - O Sculptured

- Chimney Pieces sculptured, > w

- Statues, - - J Maroie*

- Marble Paving Stones polished, each not containing more

than 2 Feet sauare, the Foot square superficial Measure

- rough, the Foot square, superficial

Measure

- Mill Stones above Feet in Diameter, or if 12 Inches in

Thickness, or upwards, the Pair ----- Paving Stones, not of Marble, the 100 Feet square, superficial Measure

- Pebble Stones, the Ton containing 20 cwt.

- Polishing Stones, for every 100Z. of the Value

- Pumice Stones, the Ton containing 20 cwt.

- Quern Stones, under 3 Feet in Diameter, and not exceeding 6 Inches in Thickness, the Pair

- 3 Feet in Diameter, and not above Feet in

Diameter, and not exceeding 6 Inches in Thickness, the Pair

- Rag Stones, for every 100Z. of the Value

- Sculptured Marble and Statuary, the cwt.

Note. — If any Statue, Group of Figures, or other Stone or Marble Ornament carved out of the same Block shall exceed One Ton Weight, the Duty to

TABLE (A.) — INWARDS.

Duty.

Drawback.

Stone, — Sculptured Marble, &c. continued. £ t. d. £ t.

be charged thereon shall be estimated at the Rate payable for One Ton Weight and no more. -- Slate, the Produce of the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Sark, Alderney, or Man, and imported from those Islands respectively, for every 100l. of the Value - 26 8 0

- of any other Country not otherwise enumerated or described, for every 100l. of the Value 66 10 0 mmmm

Slates in Frames, the Dozen ... 0 3 0 —

Slick Stores, the 100 0 8 0 —

Statuary, See Sculptured Marble. — Stone the Produce of the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Sark, Alderney, or Man, and imported from those Islands respectively, for every 100l. of the Value0 GO o

See the Note under the Head of Guernsey. For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restriction? under which Burr Stones, being the Produce of Guernsey, Jersey, Sark, Alderney, or Man, may be imported Duty-free, See 42 Geo. 3. cap. 95. — 'Stone, sculptured, See Sculptured Marble. — Stone to be used for the Purpose of Lithography, the cwt. -- 1 0 0

Whetstones, the 100 0 8 9

Stones not particularly enumerated or described, nor otherwise charged with Duty, for every 100l. of the Value 66 10 0

- Stone Bottles, See Bottles. Storax or Styrax, viz. Calamita, imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb. o t* o 0 1

- imported not directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb. - 0 3 0 0 2

- Liquida, imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb. - - 0, 3 4 0 2

- imported not directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb. - in the Tear or Gum, imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb. ----- imported not directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb. 0 5 0 0 3

00 o 0 5

0 12 6 0 8

Straw Hats or Bonnets, See Hats. Platting, See Platting. Stuffs of all Sorts, made of or mixed with Wool, for every 100l. of the Value - - 50 0 0

Sturgeon, See Fish. Styrax, See Storax. Succades, the lb. - - - 0 3 2

Succini Sal, See Sal. Succinum, the lb. - 0 18 0 1

Suceus Liquoritiae, See Liquorice Juice. Sugar, viz. not of the British Plantations, - White or Clayed Sugar, the cwt 4 6 8

- Brown or Muscovado Sugar, the cwt. 3 3 0

4

0

2

4

6

4

59 GEORGII III.

A.D. 1819.

C-5-2.

Sugar, continued.

- of the British Plantations,

- White or Clayed Sugar, the cwt.

- Brown or Muscovado Sugar, the cwt. Whenever it shall appear by Notice in The London Gazette

that the Average Price of Brown or Muscovado Sugar shall be below 49s. the cwt., it shall be lawful for the Lords of His Majesty's Treasury to suspend until a new Average shall be published Is. the cwt. Part of the Duty on Sugar; and if the Average Price shall be below 485., 2s. the cwt. of such Duty; and if the Average Price shall be below 475. then 35. the cwt. of such Duty, and to continue from Time to Time if the Case shall so require, according to the Average Price so published. See the Act to which this Table is annexed.

Refined Sugar, the cwt

Note. — The Duties on Sugar imported are to continue in force until the 25th March 1820. See the Act to which this Table is annexed.

Sugar Candy, viz.

--Brown, the cwt.

--White, the cwt -

Sulphur, Impressions, for every 100l. of the Value — Vivum, See Brimstone.

Sumach, the cwt.

Sun, Raisins of the See Raisins.

Swan Quills, See Quills.

- Skins, See Skins.

Sweep Washers Dirt, containing Bullion, See Bullion.

Sweet Wood, See Wood.

Switzerland Linen, See German Linen in Linen.

Tables of Marble, polished. See Marble in Stone.

- Slate, See Stone.

Tacamahaca Gum, See Gum.

>r Ux J acts,

See Skins.

Tails, viz.

- Buffalo, Bull, Cow, or Ox Tails, the 100

- Fox Tails,

- Martin Tails,

- Sable Tails,

Squirrel or Calabar Tails,

Talc, the lb.

Tallow, imported in a British-built Ship, the cwt

- imported in a Ship not British-built, the cwt.

- Candles, See Candles.

Tamarinds, the lb.

Tapes, viz.

- Open, for every 100l. of the Value

- Worsted, for every 100l. of the Value

Tapestry, not of Silk, for every 100l. of the Value Tapioca, the lb.

Tar, viz.

- imported in a British-built Ship, the Last containing Barrels, each Barrel not exceeding 81 Gallons

s. d. I 15 0

1 10 o

£ S. d.

8 8 0

5 12 0

8 8 0

50 0 0

0 1 7

- 0 6 0

0 0 8

- 0 3 2

- 0 4 0

- 0 0 8

50 0 0

- 50 0 0

- 50 0 0

- 0 0 6

12

- 1 1 6

TABLE (A.) — INWARDS. Duty. Drawback.

Tar, continued. imported in a Ship not British-built, the Ladt containing £ s. d. £ 5. d.

12 Barrels, each Barrel not exceeding 314 Gallons the Produce of any British Colony or Plantation, the Last containing 12 Barrels, each Barrel not exceeding 314 ISO

Gallons - >.0 19 6

Barbadoes Tar, the lb. - 0 0 6

Tares, for every 100l. of the Value- - - 20 0 0

Tarras, the Bushel Tartar, Cream of, See Cream of Tartar. Tea, imported from Europe under Licence, Duty free. Fot the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which Tea may be so imported, See 18 Geo. 2. cap. 26. 6 Geo. S. cap. 13. and 16 Geo. 3. cap. 51. Tea is subject to a Duty of Exci9e. Teake Wood, See Wood. 0 13 1

Teasles, the 1000 Teeth, viz. Elephants Teeth, See in E. Sea Cow, Sea Horse, or Sea Morse Teeth, See in S. 0 1 B

Telescopes, for every 100l. of the Value Terra, viz. 50 0 0 —

Japonica, or Catechu, the lb. 0 0 10 —

Sienna, the cwt. - 1 11 8 —

Umbra, the cwt. - - O 12 0 —

Verde, the cwt. - Thread, viz. 0 16 0 —

- Bruges Thread, the Dozen lbs. - Cotton Thread, for every 100l. of the Value - 1 10 6 50 0 0 —

Outnal Thread, the Dozen lbs. - - 1 10 6 —

Pack Thread, the cwt - 1 10 6 t

Sisters Thread, the lb. - # - 0 8 4 — 1

Whited Brown Thread, the Dozen lbs. - - not otherwise enumerated or described, for every 100l. 1 16 6

of the Value Stockings, See Stockings. Thrown Silk, See Silk. Thyme, Oil of, See Oil. 50 0 0

Ticking, for every 100l. of the Value - 50 0 0 —

Ticks, for every 100l. of the Value - 50 0 0 —

Tiles of all Sorts, for every 100l. of the Value Timber, See Wood. 50 0 0 1 f

Tin, the cwt. Tincal, See Borax. 593 Wmm

Tin Foil, for every 100l. of the Value ... Tobacco, Duty free. Tobacco is subject to a Duty of Excise. 50 0 0

Tobacco Pipes, for every 100l. of the Value 50 0 0 —

Tongues, the Dozen Tonnage Duty on Ships or Vessels entering Inwards from Foreign Parts, See Table E. 0 3 0

Tooth Powder, for every 100l. of the Value 50 0 0 — i-

Tornsal or Turnsole, the cwt. - 0 10 0 —

Tortoise Shell, the lb. 0 4 0 —

Touch Stones, for every 100l. of the Value 20 0 0 —

Tow, imported in a British-built Ship, the cwt. 096 —

Duty.

£ s. d.

0 10 4

50 0 0

0 3 6

0 5 6

0 2 6

0 3 9

0 0 8

50 0 0

0 4 4

0 0 10

I 6 2

1 11 0

0 2 6

0 16 8

50 0 0

50 0 0

0 7 2

Tow, continued.

- imported in a Ship not British-built, the cwt.

Toys, for every 100l. 01 the Value -

Tragacanth Gum, See Gum.

Tram Oil, See Oil.

Treacle of Venice, the lb.

Trees, See Plants.

Truffles, the lb.

Turbith, imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the lb.

- imported not directly from the Place of its Growth,

the lb.

Turbots, See Fish.

Turkey Carpets, See Carpets.

Turkey Goats Wool, See Goat Hair in Hair.

Turmerick, the lb.

Turnery not otherwise enumerated or described, for every 100l.

of the Value -

Turnsole, See Tomsal.

Turpentine, viz.

- Common, the cwt.

" of Venice, Scio, or Cyprus, the lb.

- of Germany or any other Place not otherwise enu-

merated or described, the cwt.

- Oil o(, See Oil.

Tutiae Lapis, See Lapis.

Twine, the cwt.

Twist for Band Strings, See Band String Twist.

Tyger Skins, See Skins.

V.

Valonia, the cwt.

Vanelloes, the lb.

Varnish, not otherwise enumerated or described, for every 100l.

of die Value -

Vases, viz.

- of Stone or Marble Sculptured, See Sculptured Marble in Stone.

of any other Sort, for every 100l. of the Value

Vellum, the Skin Velves, See Calves Velves.

Venice Treacle, See Treacle.

Turpentine, See Turpentine.

Verdegris, viz.

- Common, the lb.

Crystallized, or otherwise manufactured, the lb.

Verde Terra, See Terra.

Verjuice, the Tun, containing 252 Gallons Vermicelli, the lb.

Vermilion, the lb.

Vetches, See Tares.

Users, See Wood.

Vinegar, or Acetous Acid, the Tun containing 252 Gallons Vinefloes, See Vanelloes.

Vitriol, Extract or Preparation of, See Extract.

- Oil of See Oil,

0 3 4

0 6 6

61 7 0 0 0 8 0 2 0

61 7 0

£ s. d.

0

0

1 8

2 6

0 0 5

0 0 6

O 1 4

TABLE (A.) — INWARDS. Duty. Drawback,

Umber* See Terra Umbra. Vomica Nux* See Nux Vomica. Usquebaugh* See Spirits. W. £ s. d. £ $. d.

Wafers, the lb. -- Wainscoat Boards, See Boards in Wood. Logs, See Wood. Walking Canes, See Canes. Sticks, See Sticks. Walnut Oil, See Oil. Walnuts, See Nuts. Warehoused Goods. For a List of those Goods which may be warehoused, or otherwise secured on Importation into Great Britain, without Payment of Duty in the First Instance, See Table F. Washing Balls, See Balls. Waste, viz. — Cotton Waste, See Cotton Wool in Wool. Silk Waste, See in Silk. 0 1 s

Watch Glasses* for every 100l. of the Value Subject also to a Duty of Excise. Watches of Gold, Silver, or other Metal, for every 100l. of the 80 0 0

Value Water, viz. - — Arquebusade* Citron, - Cordial, Hungary, - - Lavender, J Mineral or natu See Spirits. ' ral Water, the Dozen Bottles or Flasks, SO 0 0

each Bottle or Flask not exceeding Three Pints Strong Water, See Spirits. Wax, viz. 0 0

Bees Wax, unmanufactured, the cwt. 3 6 6 —

- White or manufactured, the cwt. 6 3 6 , —

Myrtle Wax, the lb. - - 0 1 0 —

Sealing Wax, for every 100l. of the Value Candles, See Candles. Weasel Skins, See Skins. 50 0 0

Weld, the cwt. - - Whale Fins, viz. taken and caught by the Crew of a British-built Ship or Vessel wholly owned by His Majesty's Subjects usually residing in Great Britain, Ireland, or the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, registered and navigated according to Law, and imported in any such 0 2 9

Shipping, the Ton containing 20 cwt taken and eaught on the Banks and Shores of the Island of Newfoundland and Parts adjacent, wholly by His Majesty's Subjects carrying on such Fishery from that Island, and residing mere-in, and imported directly from thence in a British-59 Geo. III. 5 L 2 7 6

TAtiLE (A.) — INWARDS.

Whale Fills, continued.

built Ship or Vessel registered and navigated according to Law, the Ton containing 20 cwt. - For the Suspension of the above Duty on Whale Fins imported directly from the Island of Newfoundland, until the 5th of July 1824, See the Act to which this Table is annexed.

- taken and caught wholly by His Majesty's Subject*

usually residing in any of the Bahama or Bermudas Islands, or in any British Colony or Plantation ill North America, and imported in a British-built Ship or Vessel, registered and navigated according to Law, the Ton containing 20 cwt.

- taken and taught wholly by His Majesty's Subjects

usually residing in any other British Colony, Plantation, Territory, dr Settlement, and imported in a British-built Ship or Vessel, registered and navigated according to Law, the Ton containing 20 cwt.

- of Foreign Fishing, the Ton containing 20 cwt.

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which Whale Fins may be admitted to Entry as of British Fishing, See 49 Geo. 8. cap. 98. afnd the Act to which this Tkble is annexed.

Whale Oil, See Train Oil in Oil.

Wheat, See Corn.

- Flour, See Corn.

Whetstones, See Stone.

Whipcord, die lb.

White Boards for Shoemakers, See Boards in Wood.

Whited Brown Thread, See Thread.

White Lead, See Lead.

Wick Yam, See Yam.

Wine, viz.

- die produce of His Majesty's Settlement of the Gape of

I Good Hope, or the Territories or Depen-

dencies thereof, imported directly from thence,

- in a British-built Ship, the Tun containing 252

Gallons -

- in a Ship not British-built, the Tun containing

252 Gallons

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, tinder which Cape Wine must be imported and admitted to Entry, See 54 Geo. 3. cap. 77.

- French Wine,

- imported in a British-built Ship, the Tun containing 25.2 Gallons

- imported in a Ship not British-built, the Tun

containing 252 Gallons -

- Rhenish Wine*

Duty.

3 3 4

Drawback.

s.

4 15 0

6

95

6

0

8

0

0 1 0

14 7 0

15 8 0

12 19 O 12 19 O

66 3 0

70 7 0

59 17 O 59 17 O

A.D. 1819.

GEORGII III. C. 52.

Wine, continued.

- Madeira Wine,

- imported in

a British-built Ship, the Tun containing 252 Gallons

- imported in a Ship not British-built, the Tun

containing 252 Gallons

For the Duty on Madeira Wine imported in a Portuguese Ship or Vessel, See the Note on Portugal Wine.

- Portugal Wine,

- imported in a British-built Ship, the Tun containing 252 Gallons -

- imported in a Ship not British-built, the Tun

containing 252 Gallons

Note. — Wine of the Produce of any of the Territories or Dominions of the Crown of Portugal, imported into Great Britain directly from any of the said Territories or Dominions, in a Ship or Vessel built therein, or taken by any Ship or Vessel of War belonging to the Portuguese Government, or by any Ship or Vessel belonging to any of the Subjects of the Territories or Dominions aforesaid, having Commissions or Letters of Marque and Keprizal from the Portuguese Government, and condemned as lawful Prize in any Court of Admiralty of the said Government, such Ship or Vessel so importing being owned by Subjects of the said Government, and navigated with a Master and Three-fourths of the Mariners at least Subjects thereof, may be entered and landed on Payment of such Duties of Customs and Excise, and no higher, as are payable on such Wine when imported into Great Britain in a British-built Ship. See 51 Geo. 3. cap.4*7. which Act is to be in force during the Continuance of the Treaty of Amity, Commerce* and Navigation, concluded between His Majesty and His Royal Highness the Prince Regent of Portugal. Signed at Rio de Janeiro the 19th February 1810.

- Rhenish, German, and Hungary Wine,

- imported in a British-built Ship, the Tun containing 252 Gallons

- imported in a Ship not British-built, the Tun containing 252 Gallons -

- Spanish Wine, and Wine not otherwise enumerated or

described,

- imported in a British-built Ship, the Tun containing 252 Gallons -

- importea in a Ship not British-built, the Tun containing 252 Gallons -

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, under which a Drawback shall be 5 L 2

£ s. d.

44 2 0

47 5 0

43 1 0

46 4 0

39 18 0

39 18 0

38 17 0

38 17 0

66 3 0 59 17 0

70 7 0 59 17 0

43 1 0 38 17 0

46 4 0 38 17 0

Wine, — Spanish Wine, &c. continued.

allowed of all the Duties of Customs on certain Quantities of Wine, in certain Proportions, intended for the Use of Admirals, Captains, and other Commissioned Officers employed in His Majesty's Service, for their actual Consumption on board such Ships as they shall servqin, or for the Use of Commissioned Officers of the Royal Marines, or of Persons acting as such, for their Consumption on board such of His Majesty's Ships as they shall serve in, See S3 Geo. 3. cap. 48. — 35 Geo. 3. cap. 10. — 38 Geo. 3. cap. 33. — 15 Geo. 3. cap. 45. — 49 Geo. 3. cap. 98., and 53 Geo. 3. cap. 44.

Wine, entered for Prisage, in any of those Ports in England and Wales, where the Right of Prisage has not been purchased by the Crown, under the Authority of the Acts of 43 Geo. 3. cap. 156. and 46 Geo. 3. cap. 79., viz.

_____ the Produce of His Majesty's Settlement of the Cape

of Good Hope, or the Territories or Dependencies thereof, imported directly from thence, so entered for Prisage,

- in a British-built Ship, the Tun containing

252 Gallons -

- in a Ship not British-built, the Tun containing 252 Gallons -

--French Wine, so entered for Prisage,

- imported in a British-built Ship, the Tun containing 252 Gallons

- imported in a Ship not British-built, the Tun

containing 252 Gallons

German Wine, \

e, J

TT X17. r See Rhenish Wine.

--Hungary Wine, J

--Madeira Wine, so entered for Prisage,

- imported in a British-built Ship, the Tun containing 252 Gallons

- imported in a Ship not British-built, the Tun

containing 252 Gallons See the Note under the Head of Portugal Wine.

_____Portugal Wine, so entered for Prisage,

- imported in a British-built Ship, the Tun containing 252 Gallons

- imported in a Ship not British-built, the Tun

containing 252 Gallons See the Note under the Head of Portugal Wine.

--Rhenish, German, and Hungary Wine, so entered for

Prisage,

- imported in a British-built Ship, the Tun containing 252 Gallons -

- imported in a Ship not British-built, the Tun

containing 252 Gallons -

£ s. d

s.

12 19 0 11 18 0

14 0 0 11 18 0

58 16 0 5190

63 0 0 5190

39 18 0 35 IS 0

43 1 0 35 13 0'

38 17 0 35 14 0

42 0 0 35 14 0

56 14 0 52 10 0

59 17 0 52 10 0

A.D. 1819. 59° GEORGII III. C. 52.

TABLE (A.)-INWARDS.

Duty. Drawback.

i€ s. d. £ s. d.

S8 17 0 35 14 0

42 0 0 35 14 0

5 14 0

50 0 0 —

5 189 —

593 —

50 0 0 —

0 1 10 —

0 6 6

00 0

0 89 —

0 0 10 —

18 2 7

1890

0 16 S

0 15 0

10 11 6

Wine, continued.

- Spanish Wine, and Wine not otherwise enumerated or described, so entered for Prisage,

- imported in a British-built Ship, the Tun containing 252 Gallons -

- imported in a Ship not British-built, the Tun

containing 252 Gallons Wine is also subject to a Duty of Excise.

For the Conditions under which a Drawback can only be allowed on the Exportation of any Wine from Great Britain, See the Act to which this Table is annexed. Wine Lees, subject to the same Duty as Wine, but no Drawback is allowed on Lees of Wine exported.

Winteranus Cortex, See Winter's Bark in Bark.

Wire, viz.

--Brass or Copper, not otherwise enumerated or described,

the cwt.

--Gilt or plated, for every 100l. of the Value

--Iron, pot otherwise enumerated or described, the cwt.

--Latten, the cwt.

--Silver, for every 100l. of the Value

--Steel, the lb.

Woad, the cwt.

Wolf Skins, See Skins.

Wolverings, See Skins.

Wood, viz.

--Anchor Stocks, viz.

- imported in a British-built Ship, the Piece

- imported in a Ship not British-built, the

Piece -

- of the Growth and Production of the British

Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence, the Piece

- Balks, viz.

- under 5 Inches square, and under 24 Feet in

Length,

- imported in a British-built Ship, the 120

- imported in a Ship not British-built, the

120

All Balks, being 5 Inches square or upwards, are subject and liable to the Duties payable on Fir Timber. See Fir Timber.

- of all Sorts, under 8 Inches square, of the Growth and Production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence, the 120

- Bar Wood, die Ton containing 20 cwt.

- Battens, viz.

- 8 Feet in Length, and not exceeding 20 Feet

in Length, not above 7 Inches in Width, and not exceeding 2f Inches in Thickness,

- imported in a British-built Ship, the

120

8io C. 52. 59° GEORGII III. A.D. 1819.

TABLE (A.) — INWARDS. Duty. Drawback.

Wood, — Battens, 8 Feet in Length, &c. continued. £ t. d. £ s. d.

imported in a Ship not British-built, the 120 - 10 16 2

- exceeding 20 Feet in Length, not above 7 Inches in Width, or if exceeding 2f Inches in Thickness, imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 21 8 0

- imported in a Ship not British-built, the 120 - - 2] 12 4

Batten Ends, viz. - - - under 8 Feet in Length, not above 7 Inches in Width, and not exceeding 2$ Inches in Thickness, imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 S 11 3

- imported in a Ship not British-built, the 120 - - 8 18 8

- under 8 Feet in Length, not above 7 Inches in Width, and exceeding 2f Inches in Thickness, - — imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 7 5 0

- imported in a Ship not British-built, the 120 790

Production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence, the 120 - Beech Plank, Two Inches in Thickness or upwards, - imported in a British-built Slip, the Load containing 50 Cubic Feet 0 8 4

2 8 9

- imported in a Slip not British-built, the Load containing 50 Cubic Feet - 2 10 0

- of all Sorts, of the Growth and Production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence, the 120 0 8 4

Beech Quarters, viz. - - - under 5 Inches square, and under 24? Feet in Length, imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 - - 4 10 8

- imported in a Slip not British-built, the 120 4 12 3

- 5 Inches square, and under 8 Inches square, or if 24? Feet in Length or upwards, imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 12 3 6

imported in a Ship not British-built, the 120 12 7 10

- of all Sorts under 8 Inches square of the Growth and Production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence, the 120 - - - 0 16 3

A.D. 1819. 59° GEORGII III. C. 52.

TABliE (A.) — INWARDS. Duty. Drawback.

Wood, continued. Boards, viz. - - - Beech Boards, viz. - - - under 2 Inches in Thickness, and under 15 Feet in Length, - imported in a British-built Ship, s. d. t £ s. d.

the 120 - - - imported in a Ship not British- 496 —

built, the 120 - - - under 2 Inches in Thickness, and if 15 Feet in Length or upwards, imported in a British-built Ship, 13 6

the 120 -- — imported in a Ship not British-, 9 19 0 —

built, the 120 - - - Clap Boards, viz. - - not exceeding S Feet 3 Inches in Length, and under 8 Inches square, imported in a British-built Ship, 97 0

the 120- -- — imported in a Ship not British- 6 2 0 —

built, the 120 - - of the Growth and Production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly Irom thence, 6 5 0

the 120 - - - Linn Boards, or White Boards for Shoemakers, viz. under Feet in Length, and under 6 Inches in Thickness, imported in a British-built 0 12 4

Ship, the 120 - - imported in a Ship not British- 6 16 6 —

built, the 120 7 1 0 — 1

- 4 Feet in Length, or 6 Inches in Thick-'ness or upwards, - imported in a British-built

Ship, the 120 imported in a Ship not British- 13 13 0

built, the 120 - - - Oak Boards, viz. under 2 Inches in Thickness, and under 15 Feet in Length, imported in a British-built 14 2 0

Ship, the 120 imported in a Ship not British- 18 1 0

built, the 120 18 IS9 —

- under 2 Inches in Thickness, and if 15 Feet in Length or upwards, — - imported in a British-built

Ship, the 120 - - - imported in a Ship not British- 86 2 0

built, the 120 37 7 6

Wood, — Boards, continued.

- Paling Boards, viz.

- hewed on one Side, and not exceeding

7 Feet in Length,

- imported in a British-built Ship,

the 120

- imported in a Ship not British-

built, the 120

- hewed on one Side, and exceeding 7

Feet in Length,

--imported in a British-built Ship,

the 120 -

- imported in a Ship not British-

built, the 120

- Pipe Boards, viz.

- above 5 Feet 3 Inches in Length, and

not exceeding 8 Feet inLength, and under 8 Inches square,

- imported in a British-built Ship,

the 120 -

- ^imported in a Ship not British-

built, the 120 - - exceeding 8 Feet in Length, and under

8 Inches square,

- imported in a British-built Ship,

the 120 -

--imported in a Ship not British-

built, the 120

- of all Sorts, exceeding 5 Feet 3 Inches

in Length, and under 8 Inches square, of the Growth and Production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence, the 120 -

- Wainscot Boards, viz.

- the Foot containing 12 Feet in Length and 1 Inch in Thickness, and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Length or Thickness,

--imported in a British-built Ship -

- imported in a Ship not British-

built -

Boards of all Sorts, not otherwise enumerated or described, of the Growth and Production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence, the 120 -

- Bowsprits, See Masts.

- Boxwood, of the Growth and Production of the British

Colonies, Plantations, or Settlements in America, or of the West Coast of Africa, and imported directly from thence respectively, the Ton containing 20 cwt.

- of the Growth and Production of any other

Country or Place, or if otherwise imported, the Ton containing 20 cwt.

£ s. d.

1 17 3 1

1 18 10

3 14 6

3 17 8

d.

9 3 0

9 5 3

18 6 0

18 10 6

0 19 6

0 5 6

0 6 4

0 8 4

1 13 4

7 18 6

A.D. 1819. 59° GEORGII III. C. 52.

Wood, continued.

- Brazil Wood, not particularly enumerated or described,

nor otherwise charged with Duty, for every 100l. of the Value -

- Braziletto or Jamaica Wood, the Ton containing 20

cwt.

- Cam Wood, the Ton containing 20 cwt.

- Deals, viz.

- above 7 Inches in Width, being 8 Feet in Length,

and not above 10 Feet in Length, and not exceeding 1£ Inch in Thickness,

- imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 - imported in a Ship not British-built, the 120

A Drawback is allowed on Deals above 7 Inches in Width, being 8 Feet in Length, and not above 10 Feet in Length, and not exceeding l\ Inch in Thickness, which shall have been used and employed in any of the Mines of Tin, Lead, or Copper, in the Counties of Devon or Cornwall,

- having been imported in a British-

built Ship, the 120

- having been imported in a Ship

not British-built, the 120 For the Conditions and Regulations under which the Drawback shall be paid or allowed on such Deals so used and employed, See 51 Geo. 8. cap. 43. and 53 Geo. 3. cap. 105.

- above 7 Inches in Width, being 8 Feet in Length,

and not above 20 Feet in Length, and not exceeding Si Inches in Thickness, (except Deals not above 10 Feet in Length, and not exceeding 1£ Inch in Thickness),

- imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 -- - imported in a Ship not British-built, the 120

- above 7 Inches in Width, being 8 Feet in

Length, and not above 20 Feet in Length, and exceeding 3i Inches in Thickness,

- imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 - imported in a Ship not British-built, the 120

- above 7 Inches in Width, exceeding 20 Feet in

Length, and not exceeding Inches in Thickness,

- imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 -

- imported in a Ship not British-built, the 120

- (not being Timber 8 Inches square or upwards)

above 7 Inches in Width, exceeding 20 Feet in Length, and exceeding Inches in Thickness,

- imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 -

- imported in a Ship not British-built, the 120

59 Geo. III. 5 M

s.

20 0 0

8

8

16

15

2

7

20

21

41

43

51

52

100

101

15

10

11

1

9

16

6

17

s. d.

4 13

4 3 6

C. 52. 59° GEORGII III. A.D. 1819.

TABLE (A.) — INWARDS. Duty. Drawback.

£ s. d. £ a. i.

Wood, continued. - — Deal Ends, viz. - - - above 7 Inches in Width, being under 8 Feet in Length, and not exceeding 8^ Inches in Thickness, — imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 7 1 9

- imported in a Ship not British-built, the 120 7 7 3

- above 7 Inches in Width* being under 8 Feet in Length, and exceeding 8^ Inches in Thickness, - imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 13 14 9

imported in a Ship not British-built, the 120 14 5 0

- Deals and Deal Ends of all Sorts, of the Growth and Production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence, the 120 0 8 4

Ebony of the Growth and Production of the British Colonies, Plantations, or Settlements in America, or of the West Coast of Africa, and imported directly from thence respectively, the Ton containing 20 cwt. - - 0 15 0

- of the Growth and Production of any other Country or Place, or if otherwise imported, the Ton containing 20 cwt. - 24 14 0

Firewood, not fit or proper to be used other than as such, viz. - - - the Fathom 6 Feet wide, and 6 Feet high, - imported in a British-built Ship 0 19 0

imported in a Ship not British-built 0 19 10 —

- of the Growth and Production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence, the Fathom 6 Feet wide, and 6 Feet high - ... 0 0 10

Fir Quarters, viz. - - under 5 Inches squareV and under 24 Feet in Length, imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 18 2 7

- imported in a Ship not British-built, the 120 - - - 1890

Fir Quarters being 5 Inches square or upwards, are subject and liable, to the Duties payable on Fir Timber. See Fir Timber. - - - of all Sorts, under 8 Inches square, of the Growth and Production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence, the 120 - 0 16 3 1

Fir Timber, See Timber. Fustic, the Ton containing 20 cwt. - - Guinea Wood, See Red Wood. 14 6 1 I

A.D. 1819. 59° GEORGII III. C. 62.

- Jl TABLE (A.) — INWARDS. Duty. Drawback.

Wood, continued. Handspikes, viz. - - - under 7 Feet in Length, imported in a British-built Ship, the £ s. d. 1 £ s. d.

120 - - imported in a Ship not British-built, 2 7 6 —

the 120 - 7 Feet in Length or upwards, - imported in a British-built Slip, the 291

120 - imported in a Ship not British-built, 15 0 —

the 120 - of the Growth and Production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence. .4 18 2

under 7 Feet in Length, the 120 7 Feet in Length or upwards, the 0 2 3 —

120 - - Knees of Oak, viz. - - - under 5 Inches square, imported in a British-built Ship, the 0 4 6

120 imported in a Ship not British-built, 0 12 0 —

the 120 - 5 Inches square, and under 8 Inches square, - imported in a British-built Ship, the 0 12 8

120 - imported in a Ship not British-built, the 120 - 8 Inches square or upwards, - imported in a British-built Ship, the 4 17 6 —

5 1 6

Load containing 50 Cubic Feet - - - imported in a Ship not British-built, 1 11 0 —

the Load containing 50 Cubic Feet - of the Growth and Production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence, 1 13 4

under 8 Inches square, the 120 - - - 8 Inches square or upwards, the Load 0 8 4

containing 50 Cubic Feet Lath wood, viz. - - - in Pieces under 5 Feet in Length, the Fathom 6 Feet wide and 6 Feet high, 0 5 6

imported in a British-lpuilt Ship 4 17 6 —

imported in a Ship not British-built - in Pieces 5 Feet in Length or upwards, thfc Fathom, 6 Feet wide, and 6 Feet high, 5 1 6

imported in a British-built Ship 7 5 0 —

imported in a Ship not British-built - of the Growth and Production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence in Pieces of all Sorts, the Fathom 6 7 8 0

Feet wide and 6 Feet high 5 M % c 0*

815.

C. 52. 59° GEORGII III. A.D. 1819.

TABLE (A.) — INWARDS. Duly. Drawback.

' Wood, continued. — Lignum Rhodium, the cwt. - - Lignum Vitae of the Growth and Production of the British Colonies, Plantations, or Settlements in America, or of the West Coast of Africa, and imported directly from thence respectively, the £ s. d. £ s. d.

1 0 0

Ton containing 20 cwt. of the Growth and Production of any other Country or Place, or if otherwise imported, the Ton 0 112

containing 20 cwt. - x 4 12 8 —

Logwood, the Ton containing 20 cwt. — - Manogany of the Growth of Bermuda, or of any of the Bahama Islands, and imported directly from thence respectively; and Mahogany imported directly from the Bay of Honduras in British-built Ships cleared out from the Port of 092

Belise, the Ton containing 20 cwt. - - - imported not directly from Bermuda, or from any of the Bahama Islands, or imported not directly from the Bay of Honduras; or any Mahogany being of the Growth of any other Country or Place, the Ton containing 3 16 0

20 cwt. m Masts, Yards, or Bowsprits, viz. - - - 6 Inches in Diameter, and under 8 Inches, 11 17 6

imported in a British-built Ship, each - imported in a Ship not British-built, 096

each - 8 Inches in Diameter, and under 12 Inches, 0 110 mmmm

imported in a British-built Ship, each - imported in a Ship not British-built, 16 2

each - 12 Inches in Diameter, or upwards, imported in a British-built Ship, the Load 1 7 9

containing 50 Cubic Feet imported in a Ship not British-built, the 3 5 0 '

Load containing 50 Cubic Feet - - - of the Growth and Production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence, - 6 Inches in Diameter and under 8 3 8 0

Inches, each ... 8 Inches in Diameter and under 12 0 3 2 —

Inches, each - 12 Inches in Diameter or upwards, the 00 0 —

Load containing 50 Cubic Feet For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which Masts, Yards, and Bowsprits fit for Naval Purposes, of the Growth or Produce of any British Colony or Plantation in North America, may be imported from thence Duty free, See 4*6 Geo. 3. cap. 117^ continued by subsequent Acts, and by the 55 Geo. 3. cap. 86. further continued until the 25th March 1820. 1 10 6

" 1 1 Nicaragua Wood, the Tor containing 20 cwt 1 6 2 —

A.D. 1819. 59° GEORGII III. C. 51* 817

TABLE (A.) — INWARDS. Duty. Drawback.

Wood, continued. Oak Plank, viz. - -2 Inches in Thickness or upwards, - imported in a British-built Ship, the Load £ 5. d. £ s. d.

containing 50 Cubic Feet imported in a Ship not British-built, the 5 16 6 —

Load containing 50 Cubic Feet - - of all Sorts, of the Growth and Production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from 6 0 6

thence, the 120 Oak Timber, See Timber. Oars, viz. 00 0

imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 - 14 19 3 —

- imported in a Ship not British-built, the 120 - — of the Growth and Production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and im- 15 8 9

ported directly from thence, the 120 — Olive Wood of the Growth and Production of the British Colonies, Plantations, or Settlements in America, or of the West Coast of Africa, and imported directly from thence respectively, the 0 19 6

Ton containing 20 cwt — - of the Growth and Production of any other, Country or Place, or if otherwise imported. 0 12 4

the Ton containing 20 cwt. 896 0 15 0

- Rose Wood, the cwt. - Round Wood, viz. - - - in Pieces under 8 Inches square, and under 6 Feet in Length, imported in a British-built Ship, the 1 0 0

120 - — imported in a Ship not British-built, 2 4 9

the 120 - - - in Pieces under 8 Inches square, and if 6 Feet in Length or upwards, imported in a British-built Ship, the 2 6 4

120 - - - imported in a Ship not British-built, 496 "

the 120 ... - of the Growth and Production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence in Pieces of all Sorts under 8 Inches square, the 4 12 8

120 ... Santa Maria Wood, for every 100l. of the Value For the Conditions and Regulations under which Santa Maria Wood, fit for Naval Purposes, imported from the Bay of Honduras, may be admitted to Entry Duty-free, until the 25th March 1820, See the Act to which this Table is annexed. Spars, viz. - - under 22 Feet in Length, and under Inches in Diameter, exclusive of the Bark, 0 3 2 20 0 0

- imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 7 2 16 3 —

59° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1819.

C. 52.

TABLE (A.) — INWARDS. Duty. Drawback.

Wood, — Spars under 22 Feet in Length, &c. continued. imported in a Snip not British-built, the .£ s. d. £ S. <L

120 - - 22 Feet in Length or upwards, and under 4? Inches in Diameter, exclusive of the Bark, 2 19 6

imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 - — imported in a Ship not British-built, the 4 17 6 —

120 - 4? Inches in Diameter, and under 6 Inches in Diameter, exclusive of the Bark, 5 1 6

- imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 - imported in a Ship not British-built, the 10 11 6 —

120 - - of the Growth and Production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence, of all Sorts under 6 Inches in Diameter, exclusive of 10 19 4 \

the Bark, the 120 — Speckled Wood of the Growth and Production of the British Colonies, Plantations, or Settlements in America, or of the West Coast of Africa, and imported directly from thence respect 0 16 3

tively, the Ton containing 20cwt. - - - of the Growth and Production of any other Country or Place, or if otherwise imported, 0 16 3

the Ton containing 20 cwt. — Spokes for Wheels, viz, - not exceeding 2 Feet in Length, — imported in a British-built Ship, the 8 14 2

1, 000 - imported in a Ship not British-built, the 3 7 4 —

1, 000 - exceeding 2 Feet in Length, imported in a British-built Ship, the910 1

1, 000 - - s- imported in a Ship not British-built, the 6 14 8 —

1, 000 -- - of all Sorts, of the Growth and Production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence, the 7 0 2

1, 000 Staves, viz. - - - not exceeding S6 Inches in Length, not above 3 Inches in Thickness, and not exceeding 7 Inches in Breadth, - imported in a British-built Ship, the 0 6 4

120 r - - imported in a Ship not British-built, 1 6 2 -

the 120 - - - above 36 Inches in Length and not exceeding 50 Inches in Length, not above 3 Inches in Thickness, and not exceeding 7 Inches in Breadth, 1 7 0

imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 imported in a Ship not British-built, 292

the 120 2 10 9

A.D. 1819. 59° GEORGII III. C. 52.

Wood, — Staves, continued,

- above 50 Inches in Length, and not exceeding

60 Inches in Length, not above 3 Inches in Thickness, ana not exceeding 7 Inches in Breadth,

--imported in a British-built Ship, the 120

--imported in a Ship not British-built, the

£ s.

3 5

120

3 7

0

4

- above 60 Inches in Length, and not exceeding 72 Inches in Length, not above 3 Inches in Thickness, and not exceeding 7 Inches in Breadth,

- imported in a British-built Ship, the 120

--imported in a Ship not British-built, the

4 15 10

120

4 18 2

- above 72 Inches in Length, not above 3 Inches

in Thickness, and not exceeding 7 Inches in Breadth,

--imported in a British-built Ship, the 120

--imported in a Ship not British-built, the

120 -

- Staves being the Growth and Production of any

of the United States of America, or of the Growth and Production of East or West Florida, and imported directly from thence respectively, not exceeding Inch in Thickness, shall be charged with One-third Part only of the Duties herein-before imposed on Staves,

- above 3 Inches in Thickness, or above 7 Inches in Breadth, and not exceeding 5 Feet 3 Inches in Length, shall be deemed Clap Boards, and pay Duty accordingly

- above 3 Inches in Thickness, or above

7 Inches in Breadth, and exceeding 5 Feet 3 Inches in Length, shall be deemed Pipe Boards, and pay Duty accordingly.

- Staves of the Growth and Production of the

British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence, of all Sorts not exceeding 50 Inches in Length, the 120

- of all Sorts exceeding 50 Inches in

Length, the 120

Sweetwood, viz.

- of the Growth and Production of the British

Colonies, Plantations, or Settlements in America, or of the West Coast of Africa, and imported directly from thence respectively, the Ton containing 20 cwt.

- of the Growth and Production of any other

Country or Place, or if otherwise imported, the Ton containing 20 cwt.

5 8 6 5 14 0

0 1 3

0 2 6

0 16 3

10 13 0

£ s. d.

820 C. 52.

59° GEORGII III.

A.D. 181g

TABLE (A.) — INWARDS.

Duty.

s.

d.

Drawback.

£ s. d.

Wood, continued.

- Teake Wood, the Load containing 50 Cubic Feet

For the Conditions and Regulations under which Teake Wood* of the Growth and Production of any British Colony, Plantation, Territory, or Possession in Africa, fit for Naval Purposes, may be admitted to Entry, without Payment of Duty, until the 25th March 1820, See the Act to which this Table is annexed.

- Timber, viz.

- Fir Timber, of the Growth of Norway, and

imported directly from thence, 8 Inches square, and not exceeding 10 Inches square,

--in a British-built Ship, the Load containing 50 Cubic Feet - - - in a Ship not British-built, the Load containing 50 Cubic Feet

A Drawback is allowed on Fir Timber, being 8 Inches square and not exceeding 10 Inches square, of the Growth of Norway, and imported directly from thence, which shall have been used or employed in any of the Mines of Tin, Lead, or Copper, in the Counties of Devon and Cornwall,

--having been imported in a

British-built Ship, the Load containing 50 Cubic Feet -

- having been imported in a Ship not British-built, the Load containing 50 Cubic Feet

For the Conditions and Regulations under which the Drawback shall be paid or allowed on such Timber so used and employed. See 51 Geo. 3. cap. 43. 51 Geo. 3. cap. 93. and 53 Geo. 3. cap. 105.

- Fir Timber, of the Growth of Norway, and

imported directly from thence, exceeding 10 Inches square,

--in a Brkish-built Ship, the Load containing 50 Cubic Feet

--in a Ship not British-built, the Load

containing 50 Cubic Feet

- not otherwise charged with Duty, 8 Inches

square or upwards,

- imported in a British-built Ship, the

Load containing 50 Cubic Feet

- imported in a Ship not British-built,

die Load containing 50 Cubic Feet -

1 10 0

3 5 0

3 8 0

3 5 0

3 8 0

3 5 0 3 8 0

2 13 6

2 16 3

A.D. 1819. 59° GEORGII III.

821

C. 52.

TABLE (A.) — INWARDS. Duty. Drawback.

Wood, — Timber, continued. - - - Fir Timber of the Growth and Production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence, 8 Inches square or upwards, the £ s. d. — j a.

Load containing 50 Cubic Feet - - - Oak Timber, 8 Inches square or upwards, - imported in a British-built Ship, the 0 2 6

Load containing 50 Cubic Feet — - imported in a Ship not British-built, the 3 19 —

' Load containing 50 Cubic Feet - - - of the Growth and Production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence, 8 Inches square or upwards, the 3 5 0

Load containing 50 Cubic Feet - - - Timber of all Sorts not particularly enumerated or described, nor otherwise charged with Duty, being 8 Inches square or upwards, imported in a British-built Ship, the Load containing 50 Cubic Feet - imported in a Ship not British-built, the Load containing 50 Cubic Feet - - - Timber of all Sorts not particularly enumerated or described, nor otherwise charged with Duty, of the Growth and Production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence, being 8 Inches square or upwards, the Load containing 50 Cubic 05 6

1 12 6 —

1 14 0

Feet ... For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which Timber fit for Naval Purposes, of the Growth and Produce of any British Colony or Plantation in North America, may be imported from thence Duty free, See 46 Geo. 3. cap. 117. continued by subsequent Acts, and by 55 Geo. 3. cap. 86. further continued until the 25th March 18?0, The Duty on Timber being the Produce of, and imported directly from the Island of Newfoundland, is suspended until the 5th July 1824. See the Act to which this Table is annexed. Users, viz. - - - under 5 Inches square, and under 24 Feet in Length, imported in a British-built Ship, the 0 2 6

120 - - - imported in a Ship not British-built, the 18 2 7 —

120 - -59 Geo. III. 5 N 1890 —

TABLE (A.) — INWARDS.

Wood, — Users, continued.

- all Users being 5 Inches square or upwards, are subject and liable to the Duties payable on Fir Timber. See Fir Timber.

- of all Sorts under 8 Inches square, of the Growth

and Production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence, the 120 — Wainscot Logs, viz.

- being 8 Inches square or upwards,

- imported in a British-built Ship the

Load containing 50 Cubic Feet

- imported in a Ship not British-built, the

Load containing 50 Cubic Feet

- of the Growth and Production of the British

Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence, being 8 Inches square or upwards, the Load containing 50 Cubic Feet

- Yards, See Masts.

- Wood unmanufactured, of the Growth and Production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, not particularly enumerated or described, nor otherwise charged with Duty, for every 1001, of the Value Wood unmanufactured, not particularly enumerated or described, and on which the Duties due on the Importation are payable, according to the Value thereof, being of the Growth and Production of the British Limits within the Province of Yucatan in the Bay of Honduras, and imported directly from the said Bay, for every 1001, of the Value Wood unmanufactured, not particularly enumerated or described, nor otherwise charged with Duty, for every 100l. of the Value,

- imported in a British-built Ship

- imported in a Ship not British-built

Wooden Clocks, See Clocks.

Wool, viz.

- Beaver Wool, the lb.

- cut and combed, the lb.

- Carmenia Wool, See Goat Hair in Hair.

- Coney Wool, the lb.

- Cotton Wool, or Waste of Cotton Wool, viz.

- the Produce of any British Colony car Plantation

in America, and imported directly from thence, on or before the 5th July 1822, the lOOlbs.

- the Produce of any British Colony or Plantation

in America, not being imported directly from thence; and Cotton Wool or Waste of Cotton Wool, the Produce of any other Country or Place,

- until the 5th January 1820 inclusive,

- if imported in a British-built Ship,

die 100 lbs.

- if imported in a Ship not British-

built, the lOOlbs.

Duty. Drawback.

£ s. £ s. d.

0 1-6 5 —

496 —

4 12 8 —

0 5 6 —

6 169 —

5 169 —

20 0 0

21 0 0 -

0 1 7

0 49 —

0 0 6 —

0 6 5 —

0 8 7

0 17 2 —

A.D. 1819. 59° GEORGII III. C. 52. 823

TABLE (A.) — INWARDS. Duty. Drawback.

Wool, — Cotton Wool, or Waste of Cotton Wool, continued from and after the 5th January 1820, if imported in a British-built Ship, for every 100l. of the Value - - if imported in a Ship not British-built, £ s. d. £ S. d.

6 0 0 —

for every 100l. of the Value The above Duties on Cotton Wool or Waste of Cotton Wool, payable according to the Value thereof, shall be charged and payable on all such Cotton Wool or Waste of Cotton Wool, the Duties on which shall not have been fillly paid on or beforethe5th January 1820. Seethe Act to which this Table is annexed. Goat's Wool, See Goat Hair in Hair. 12 0 0

Hare's Wool, the cwt. - Lamb's Wool, See Sheep's Wool. 1 1 10 —

Ostrich Wool, the lb. 0 0 6 — ,

Polonia Wool, the lb. 0 0 6 —

Red Wool, the lb. - Sheep or Lambs Wool, viz. - - - the Produce of any Foreign Country in Europe, until the 10th October 1819, inclusive, 0 0 6

the lb. from and after the 10th October 1819, 0 0 1 ——

the lb. - the Produce of any other Foreign Country, - until the 5th January 1820, inclusive, 0 0 6

the lb. from and after the 5th January 1820, 0 0 1

the lb. - - - the Produce of, and imported directly from, any British Colony or Territory, until the 5th January 1828, inclusive, 0 0 6

the lb. - from the 5th January 1823, until the 5th January 1826, inclusive, the lb. from and after the 5th January 1826, 0 0 1 "

0 0 8 —

the lb. \ 0 0 6 —

Spanish Wool, the lb. - - Turkey Goat's Wool, See Goat Hair in Hair. All Articles made of or mixed with Wool, not particularly enumerated or described, nor otherwise charged with 0 0 6

Duty, for every 100l. of the Value Woollen Stuffs, See Stuffs. Yarn, See Yarn. Worm Seed, See Seed. Worsted Caps, See Caps. Stockings, See Stockings. r — Tapes, See Tapes. Yams, See Yam. Wreck, See Derelict 5 N 2 50 0 0

824 C. 52. 59° GEORGII III. A.D. 1819.

TABLE (A.) — INWARDS. Duty. Drawback.

Y.

Yards, See Masts in Wood. £ s. d. £ s. d.

Yarn, viz.

Cable Yarn, the cwt. - - 1 1 6

Camel or Mohair Yam, the lb. 0 17

Cotton Yarn, the lb. - - 0 13

Cotton Yarn of the Manufacture of the Isle of Man, See

Man, Isle of.

Grogram Yam, the lb. 0 1 7

Raw Linen Yam,

- imported in a British-built Ship, the cwt. 0 10

- imported in a Ship not British-built^ the cwt. 10 0 ___

Wick Yam, the cwt. - 4 8 8

Worsted Yam, being of Two or more Threads, twisted

or thrown, the lb. - 0 17

Yam of any other Sort, not particularly enumerated or described nor otherwise charged with Duty, for every

100l. of the Value - - 50 0 0 —

Yellow Berries, See Berries.

z.

Zaffre, for every 100l. of the Value - 20 0 0

Zedoaria, imported directly from the Place of ita Growth,

the lb. - - 0 18 0 0 10

the lb. 0 1 10 0 1 s

Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, being either in part or wholly

manufactured, and not being enumerated or described, nor otherwise charged with Duty, and not

prohibited to be imported into nor used in Great Britain, for every 100l. of the Value 50 0 0 —

Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, not being either in part or

wholly manufactured, and not being enumerated or described, nor otherwise charged with Duty, and

not prohibited to be imported into nor used in Great Britain, for every 100l. of the Value 20 0 0

A.D. 1819. 59° GEORGII III. C. 52.

TABLE (B.)

A TABLE of the DUTIES of CUSTOMS payable on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, being of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of any Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies imported into Great Britain; and on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize imported into Great Britain from His Majesty's Settlement of the Cape of Good Hope, and the Territories and Dependencies thereof; and of the Drawbacks to be allowed on the Exportation of such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize.

TABLE (B.) — INWARDS. Duty. Drawback.

A. £ 5. d. £ s. d.

Acorns, the lb. Agates, viz. polished or otherwise manufactured, for every 100l. of the Value rough or unmanufactured, for every 100l. of the Value - Alkali, viz. any Article containing Soda or Mineral Alkali, whereof Mineral Alkali is the most valuable Part, (such Alkali not being otherwise particularly charged with Duty) - if not containing a greater Proportion of such Alkali than 20 per Centum, - imported in a British-built Ship, the 0 0 10 60 0 0 20 0 0 0 0 6

cwt. - imported in a Ship not British-built, 0 11 4 0 5 8

the cwt. - if containing more than 20 per Centum, and not exceeding 25 per Centum of such Alkali, imported in a British-built Ship, the 0 12 0 0 5 8

cwt. imported in a Ship not British-built, 0 15 0 0 7 6

the cwt. - if containing more than 25 per Centum, and not exceeding 30 per Centum of such Alkali, imported in a British-built Ship, the 0 15 8 0 7 6

cwt. - - imported in a Ship not British-built, 0 18 4 092

the cwt. - if containing more than 30 per Centum, and not exceeding 40 per Centum of such Alkali, imported in a British-built Ship, the 0 19 0 092

cwt. - - imported in a Ship not British-built, 13 4 0 11 8

the cwt* - 1 4 0 0 11 8

Alkali — any Article containing Sofia, &c. continued.

- if containing more than 40 per Centum of such Alkali,

--imported in a British-built Ship, the

cwt.

- imported in a Ship not British-built, the cwt -

Alkermes, Confection of, the oz.

Almonds, viz.

- Bitter, the cwt -

- of any other Sort, the cwt.

Aloes# viz.

- Socotorina, the lb.

- of any other Sort, the lb.

Alum, the cwt.

- Roch Alum, the cwt.

Amber, viz.

- Beads or other Manufactures of Amber, the lb.

- Rough, the lb.

Ambergris, the oz.

Ammoniac Gum, See Gum Ammoniac.

Sal, See Sal Ammoniac.

Anacardium, the lb. Anime Gum, See Gum. Aniseed, See Seed.

Oil of See Oil.

Annotto or Rocou, viz.

--Flag, the lb.

- Ron or any other Sort, not otherwise enumerated or described, the lb.

Aquafortis, the cwt.

Arabic Gum, See Gum.

Arangoes or Arango Beads, for every 100l. of the Value Arrack, See Spirits.

Arrow Root or Powder, the lb.

Arsenic, viz.

<----- White, the cwt.

of any other Sort, the cwt.

Asafoetida, the lb.

Attar of Roses, See Otto of Roses.

Auripigmentum, See Orpiment.

B.

Balsam, viz. Artificial or Natural, the lb.

Bamboo Canes, See Canes.

Barilla, See Alkali.

Bark, viz.

- Angus tura Bark, the lb.

- t — Clove Bark, the lb.

- Jesuits Bark, See Peruvian Bark.

- Peruvian or Jesuits Bark, the lb.

- Bark not otherwise enumerated or described,

--if for Medicinal Use, the lb.

- if not for Medicinal Use, for every 100l. of the Value Bdellium, the lb.

£ s. d. £ s. d.

1 10 0 0 15 0

1 10 8 0 15 0

0 1 8 -

0 15 10 0 14 0

2 7 6 2 2

0 2 6 0 1 8

0 090 0 6

0 17 6 —

0 11 8 —

0 12 0

0 1 8 0 1 1

0 5 0 —

0 G* 0 0 1 4

0 0 5

0 1 0

0 14 3 —

31 5 0 —

0 0 2 —

0 14 3

0 18 8 —

0 0 10 0 0 6

0 4 6 —

0 2 0 0 1 4

0 0 10 0 0 6

0 2 0 0 1 4

0 2 0

20 0 0 —

0 1 8 0 11

A.D. 1819. 59° GEORGII III. C. 52.

TABLE (B.) — INWARDS.

Duty. Drawback.

£ s. d. £ s. d.

0 15 10

1 8 6 —

50 0 0 —

090 0 14

0 2 6 —

1 0 0 —

6 10 0 -

5 0 0 —

0 1 8

0 0 8 —

- 0 0 8

0 8 2 -

12 0 —

0 QO O —

80 0 0

0 0 10 0 0 6

67 10 O —

7 to O O

57 10 0

Beads, viz.

- Amber Beads, See Amber.

- Arango Beads, See Arangoes.

- < — Coral Beads, the lb.

- Crystal Beads, the 1, 000

- Beads, not otherwise enumerated or described, for every

100l. of the Value Bees Wax, See Wax.

Benjamin or Benzoin, the lb.

Bezoar Stones, the oz.

Bones of Cattle, and other Animals, and of Fish, except Whale Fins, for every 100l. of the Value Books Printed, or Manuscripts, viz.

- Half Bound, or in any way Bound, the cwt.

- Unbound, the cwt.

Borax or Tincal, viz.

- refined, the lb.

- unrefined, the lb.

'*Drawback on the Exportation of Borax or Tincal refined in Great Britain from a larger Quantity imported unrefined, the lb.

For the Conditions under which such Drawback can only be allowed, See 17 Geo. % cap. SI.

Bottles, viz.

- of Earth or Stone, the Dozen -

Bottles of &tone are subject also to a Duty of Excise.

- of Glass covered with Wicker, the Dozen Quarts

- of Green or Common Glass, foil or empty, not of less

Content than One Pint, and not being Phials, the Dozen Quarts -

Subject also to a Duty of Excise.

- of Glass, not otherwise enumerated or described, for every 100l. of the Value Note. — Flasks in which Wine or Oil is imported are not subject to Duty.

Brandy, See Spirits.

Bullion and Foreign Coin of Gold or Silver, Duty-free.

C.

Cajaputa, Oil of, See Oil.

Cake Lac, See Lac in Gum.

Calaminaris Lapis, See Lapis.

Calamus Aromaticus, the lb.

Calicoes, viz.

- Plain White Calicoes, for every 100l. of the Value

# Drawback to be allowed on the Exportation of such of the said Calicoes which shall have been printed, painted, stained, or dyed in Great Britain, for every 100l. of the Value

- White, flowered, or stitched, for every 1001, of the Value

Calves Skins, See Skins.

Cambogium, See Gamboge.

Camels Hair, See Hair.

£ 5. d. £ s. d.

0 2 6 —

0 1 3 —

- 0 1 3

0 2 6 —

1 14 0

1 0 0 —

1 6 6

50 0 0 —

4 0 0

0 3 6 0 2 4

0 0 5 —

0 3 6 0 2 4

67 10 0 —

0 2 0 0 1 4

0 4 0

2 10 0 —

0 2 6 -

0 0 10 0 0 6

0 2 6

0 2 6

Camphor, viz.

- refined, the lb.

- unrefined, the lb.

Drawback on the Exportation of Camphor refined in Great Britain from a larger Quantity imported unrefined, the lb.

For the Conditions under which such Drawback can only be allowed. See 17 Geo. 2. cap. SI.

Candles of Wax, the lb.

Canes, viz.

- Bamboo, the 1, 000 -

- Rattans, (not ground Rattans), the 1, 000

- Reed Canes, the 1, 000 -

- Walking Canes or Sticks, mounted, painted, inlaid, or otherwise ornamented or manufactured, for every 100l. of the Value -

- Wanghees, Jumboo, Ground Rattans, Dragon's Blood,

and other walking Canes or Sticks, the 1, 000 Cantharides, the lb.

Caoutchouc or Elastic Gum, the lb.

Capita Papaverum, the 1, 000 -

Caps of Cotton, for every 100l. of the Value Capsicum or Chillies, See Pepper.

Cardamoms, the lb.

Carmenia Wool, See Goat Hair in Hair.

Carmine, the oz.

Carpets of Persia, the Yard square Cashew Gum, See Gum.

Cassia Buds, the lb.

- Fistula, the lb.

- Lignea, the lb.

- Oil of, See Oil.

Castor, Oil of, See Oil.

Castor Seed, See Seed.

Casts of Busts, Statues, or Figures, the cwt.

Catechu, See Terra Japonica.

Cayenne Pepper, See Pepper.

Charts, See Maps. Chemical Oil, See Oil.

Chillies, See Capsicum in Pepper.

China Root, the lb.

China Ware or Porcelain, for every 100l. of the Value Cinnabaris Nativa, the lb.

Cinnamon, the lb.

- Oil of, See Oil.

Citrat of Lime, the lb.

Cloves, the lb.

- Oil of, See Oil.

Cocculus Indicus, the lb. v

Cochineal, the lb.

- Dust, the lb.

Coco Nuts, for every 100l. of the Value -

- Oil of, See Oil.

Cocoa Nuts, Duty free.

Cocoa Nuts are subject to a Duty of Excise.

0 1 3 0 0 iO

75 0 0 —

0 2 0 0 i 4

0 2 6 0 2 3

0 1 6 -

0 2 0 0 1 9

0 2 6

0 0 10 ——

0 0 n —

20 0 0 —

Coffee, Duty free.

Coffee is subject to a Duty of Excise.

Coin, Foreign, of Gold or Silver, See Bullion.

Colocynth, See Coloquintida.

Coloquintida, or Colocynth, the lb.

Colours for Painters, See Painters' Colours.

Col umbo Root, the lb.

Con tray ervae Radix, See Radix.

Copal Gum, See Gum.

Copper, viz.

- Ore, the cwt.

- Old, fit only to be re-manufactured, the cwt.

- Unwrought, viz.

- Copper in Bricks or Pigs, Rose Copper, and

all cast Copper, the cwt.

- Copper in Plates, and Copper Coin, the

cwt.

Part wrought, viz. Bars, Rods, or Ingots, hammered or raised, the cwt.

- Manufactures of Copper, not otherwise enumerated or

described, Copper enamelled, and Copper Plates engraved, for every 100l. of the Value

Coral, viz.

- Beads, See Beads.

- in Fragments, the lb.

- whole polished, the lb.

- unpolished, the lb.

Coriander Seed, See Seed.

Cortex Caryophylloides, See Clove Bark iu Bark. '

- Peruvianus, or Jesuits Bark, See Peruvian Bark in Bark.

Costus, the lb.

Cotton, viz.

- Articles manufactured of Cotton Wool, or of any Mixture thereof, not particularly enumerated or described, for every 100l. of the Value -

- Thread, See Thread.

- Wool, See Wool.

- Yam, See Yam.

Couhage, the lb.

Cowries, for every 100l. of the Value -

Crystal Beads, See Beads.

Cubebs, the lb.

Cummin Seed, See Seed.

D.

Diagrydium, See Scammony.

Diamonds, Duty-free.

' Dimity, viz.

- Plain White Dimity, for every 100l. of the Value

Drawback to be allowed on the Exportation of such of the said Dimity which shall have been printed, painted, stained, or dyed in Great Britain, for every 100l. of the Value

Dog Skins, See Skins.

Drawings, See Prints.

59 Geo. III. 5O

Jr S. d £ t. d.

0 1 8 0 1 1

0 2 0 0 1 4

0 1 0

092 —

092 —

0 15 0

1 11 3 —

50 0 0 —

0 1 0 _____

0 12 0 —

0 5 6

0 1 0 0 0 8

67 10 0 —

0 1 3 0 0 10

31 5 0 —

0 c. 0

67 10 0

#45 0 0

TABLE (B.) — INWARDS.

Drugs, on which specific Duties are payable according to the Quantity, See the several Articles in Alphabetical Course.

- not particularly enumerated or described, nor otherwise charged with Duty, for every 100l. of the Value

E.

Earthenware, See China Ware.

Ebony, See Wood.

Elastic Gum, See Caoutchouc.

Elemi Gum, See Gum.

Elephants Teeth, viz.

- not exceeding the Weight of 211bs. each Tooth,

the cwt.

- exceeding the Weight of 2!lbs. each Tooth,

the cwt.

Elk Skins, See Skins.

Emeralds, See Jewels.

Extract, viz.

- Solid Vegetable Extract from Oak Bark, or other

Vegetable Substances, to be used for the Purpose of tanning Leather, and for no other Purpose whatever, the cwt.

Feathers, viz.

- Ostrich Feathers, dressed, the lb.

- undressed, the lb.

- not otherwise enumerated or described,

--dressecb for every 100l. of the Value

--undressed, for every 100l. of the Value

Fennel, Oil of See Oil.

Flax, rough or undressed, the cwt.

Flock Paper, See Paper.

Floss Silk, See Waste Silk in Silk.

Forest Seed, See Seed.

Fossils, Specimens of See Specimens.

Frankincense, See Olibanum.

Furs, See Skins.

G.

Galangal, the lb.

Galbanum, the lb.

Galls, the cwt.

Gamboge, the lb.

Garden Seed, See Seed.

Garnets, viz.

- Cut, the lb.

- Rough, the lb.

Gem Sal, See Sal.

Geneva, See Spirits.

Ginger, the cwt.

- Preserved, the lb.

Ginseng, the lb.

Glass, viz.

- Bottles, See Bottles.

Duty.

£ s. A.

50 0 0

Drawback.

£ s. d.

2 0 0 4 0 0

0 S 0

2 15 6

1 0 0

50 0 0

20 0 0

0 0 5

0 0 6 0 0 4

0 1 4 0 0 10

0 11 2 —

0 1 8 0 1 1

1 10 0 1

0 10 0 —

1 s 0 1 0 0

0 3 2 —

0 1 6 0 1 0

A.D. 1819. 59° GEORGII III. C. 52. 83.1

TABLE (B.) — INWARDS. Duty.

£ s. d.

Glass, continued.

- Crown, German Sheet, or any Kind of Window Glass,

not being Plate Glass, the cwt. - 4 18 0

Flint Glass, the cwt. - 6 3 0

- Plate Glass, for every square Foot superficial Mea-

sure - 0 6 7

Glass Manufactures not otherwise enumerated or described, for every 100l. of the Value 80 0 0

Glass is subject also to a Duty of Excise.

Goat Hair, See Hair.

Gold Coin, See Bullion.

Plate, See Plate.

Granilla, the lb. 0 0 5

Gum, viz.

Ammoniac, the lb. 0 1 3

Anime, the lb. 0 1 8

Arabic, the cwt. - 0 12 0

Cashew, the cwt. - 0 7 6

Copal, the lb. 0 1 8

Elemi, the lb. - 0 0 8

Guaiacum, the lb. - - - 0 1 10

Juniper, See Gum Sandarach.

Kino, or Gum Rubrum Astringens, the lb. 0 16

Lac, viz.

- Cake Lac, the lb. 0 0 5

- Lac Dye, the lb. 0 0 6

- Lac Lake, the lb. - 0 0 1

Seed Lac, the lb. 0 0 6

- Shell Lac, the lb. - - - 0 0 8

Stick Lac, the cwt. ... 1 0 0

Opopanax, the lb. 0 3 6

Rubrum Astringens, See Gum Kino.

Sagapenum, the lb. 0 0 10

Sandarach, or Juniper, the cwt. - 0 19 0

Sarcocolla, the lb. 0 0 10

Senegal, the cwt. - 0 12 0

Tacamahaca, the lb. -- 0 2 0

Tragacanth, the lb. 0 1 0

Gum, not otherwise enumerated or described, for every

100l. of the Value - - 50 0 0

H.

Hair, viz.

Camels Hair, the lb. - 0 1 8

Goat or Carmenia Wool, the lb. 0 0 6

Human Hair, the lb. 0 5 0

Articles, manufactured of Hair, or any Mixture thereof,

not particularly enumerated or described, for every 100l.

of the Value - 67 10 0

Hemp, rough or undressed, or any other Vegetable Substance

of the Nature and Quality of undressed Hemp, and

applicable to the same Purposes, the Ton containing

20 cwt. - r - 0 8 0

5 O 2

Drawback.

£ s. d.

0 0 10 0 1 1

0 5 0

0 1 1

0 0 5 0 12

0 1 0

0 0 3

0 0 4

0 0 4

0 0 5 0 13 4

0 2 4

0 0 6 0 12 8 0 0 6

0 1 4

0 0 8

by

S$2 C. 52. 59 GEORGII III. A.D. 1819

TABLE (B.) — INWARDS. Duty. Drawback.

Hides, viz. £ Sm d. £ s. d.

Buffalo, Bull, Cow, or Ox Hides in the Hair, not tanned, tawed, or in any way dressed, the Hide 0 0 6.

- Tanned, and not otherwise dressed, the lb. 0 1 0 —

Horse, Mare, or Gelding in the Hair, not tanned or in any way dressed, the Hide 0 0 10

- Tanned, and not otherwise dressed, the lb. 0 1 0 —

Hides or Pieces of Hides, Raw or Undressed, not particularly enumerated or described, nor otherwise charged with Duty, for every 100l. of the Value 20 0 0

Hides or Pieces of Hides, tanned, tawed, or in any way dressed, not particularly enumerated or described, nor otherwise charged with Duty, for every 100/ of the Value - - - 75 0 0

Horns, Horn Tips, and Pieces of Horns, not otherwise charged with Duty, the cwt. ... 0 5 0

Horses, Mares, or Geldings, each - 6 IS 0 -

Human Hairs, See Hair. Husks of Silk, See Knubs in Silk. Husse Skins, See Skins. I& J. Japanned Ware, for every 100l. of the Value 62 10 0

Jesuits Bark, See Peruvian Bark in Bark. Jewels, Emeralds, Rubies, and all other Precious Stones (except Diamonds), not otherwise enumerated or described, — not set, or in any way manufactured, for every 100l. of the Value 20 0 0

Value - - 50 0 0

Indigo, the lb. - - Iris Root, See Orrice. Juniper Gum, See Gum Sandarach. Kelp, See Alkali. K* Kino Gum, See Gum. Knubs of Silk, See Knubs in Silk, L. Lac, See Guta. Lacquered Ware, for every 100l. of the Value Lambs Wool, See Sheeps Wool in Wool. Lapis, viz.; — — Calaminaris, the cwt. - 0 0 5 — '

62 10 0

0 8 0

- Lazuli, the lb. - 092 —

j Tutiae, the lb. - 0 0 8 —

; Lazuli Lapis, See Lapis. Lead, viz. White Lead, the cwt* - 0 10 4

Leather, any Article made of Leather, or any Manufacture whereof Leather is the most valuable Part, not otherwise enumerated or described, for every 100l. of the Value - - - 75 0 0

Leopard Skins, See Skins. Linseed, Oil of, See Oil. Long Pepper, See Pepper. 0

A.D. 1819. 59° GEORGII III.

C*52< 835

M.

Mace, the lb.

- Oil of, See Oil.

Madder or Munjeet, viz.

- Mull Madder, the cwt.

- Madder Root, and all unmanufactured Madder or

Munjeet, the cwt.

- Madder or Munjeet, in any way manufactured, the cwt.

Mangoes, the Gallon -

Manna, the lb. -

Maps and Charts, plain or coloured, each Map or Chart, or Part thereof -

Martin Skins, See Skins.

Mastick, the lb.

Medals, viz.

- of Gold or Silver, Duty-free.

- of any other Sort, for every 100l. of the Value

Melasses, the cwt.

Minerals, Specimens of, See Specimens.

Mother of Pearl Shells, rough, for every 100l. of the Value Munjeet, See Madder.

Musk, the oz.

Muslins, viz.

- Plain, for every 100l. of the Value

Drawback to be allowed on the Exportation of such of the said Muslins which shall have been printed, painted, stained, or dyed in Great Britain, for every 100l. of the Value

- flowered or stitched, for every 100l. of the Value

Myrrh, the lb.

N.

Nanquin Cloths, for every 100l. of the Value

Drawback to be allowed on the Exportation of such of the said Nanquin Cloths which shall have been printed, painted, stained, or dyed in Great Britain, for every 100L of the Value Natron, See Alkali.

Neroli Oil, See Oil of Orange Flower.

Nutmegs, the lb.

- Oil of See Oil.

Nux Vomica, the lb.

O.

Oaker, See Ochre.

Ochre or Oaker, the cwt.

Oil, viz.

- of Aniseed, the lb.

- of Cajaputa, the oz.

- of Cassia, the oz.

- of Castor, the lb.

- Chemical Oil, not otherwise enumerated or described, the lb.

- of Cinnamon, the oz.

- of Cloveij the oz.

- of Coco Nuts> the cwt* -

£ s. d. £ s. d.

0 8 6 0 S 2

0 2 0 —

0 5 0 —

0 15 0 -

0 5 0 —

0 1 8 0 0 10

0 2 0 —

0 1 4 ! 0 0 10

20 0 0 — __

0 10 0 ' —

80 0 0 —

0 5 0 0 3 4

87 10 0 —

*20 0 0

87 10 0 —

0 1 8 0 1 1

87 10 0 —

- 2o 0 0

0 2 6 0 2 8

0 2 6 —

0 69 —

0 4 0

0 1 0 —

0 5 0 —

0 1 8 —

0 4 0 —

0 5 0 —

0 2 0 —

0 2 6 —

834

C. 52.

59° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1819.

- i — 1. — — TABLE (B.) — INWARDS. Duty. Drawback.

Oil, continued. £ s d. £ S. d.

- of Fennel, the lb. 0 4 0

- of Linseed, the Tun containing 252 Gallons S3 5 0 — '-

of Mace, the oz. - 0 2 6

of Nutmegs, the oz. 0 2 6 —

of Orange Flower or Neroli, the oz. -'- 0 2 0 —

of Palm, the cwt. - 0 ? 6 —

of Roses, See Otto of Roses. of Rosewood, the oz. - - 0 5 0

of Sandalwood, the oz. 0 2 6 —

of Turpentine, the lb. »*' - 0 0 8

Oil, not otherwise enumerated or described, for every 100l. of the Value 50 0 0 i

Oker, See Ochre. Olibanum, the cwt. -p 2 7 6 1 11 8

Opium, the lb. Opopanax Gum, See Gum. Orange Flower, Oil of, See Oil. Water, the Gallon r 090 0 6 0

0 3 2

Orchal, Orchelia, or Archelia, the cwt. - 0 16 8 —

Ore, vist. Copper, See Copper. Gold or Silver, See Bullion, — Platina, See Platina. — Ore, Specimens of See Specimens. Orpiment, the cwt. - - - 1 8 6

Orrice or Iris Root, the cwt. - 1 8 6 —

Ostrich Feathers, See Feathers. Otto or Attar of Roses, or Oil of Roses, the oz. ? 0 6 0 -

P. Painters Colours, not otherwise enumerated or described, for every 100l. of the Value - £0 0 0

Paintings on Glass, for every 100l. of the Value - - 80 0 0 —

Subject also to a Duty of Excise. Paper, viz. — Brown Paper made of old Rope or Cordage only, without separating or extracting the Pitch or Tar therefrom, and without any Mixture of any other Materials therewith, the lb. 0 0 10

printed, painted, or stained Paper, or Paper Hangings, or Flock Paper, the Yard square 0 1 7

of any other Sort, not particularly enumerated or described, nor otherwise charged with Duty, the lb. 0 1 7

Pearls, for every 100l. of the Value Pepper, Duty-free. Pepper is subject to a Duty of Excise. Capsicum or Chillies, the lb. Cayenne, the lb. Long Pepper, the lb. Pickles of au Sorts, not otherwise enumerated or described, the Gallon ... 5 0 0.< —

0 2 6 0 2 6 0 2 0 0 5 0

Pictures, viz. under 2 Feet square, the Picture 3 8 0

- of 2 Feet square, and under.4 Feet square, the Picture 6 16 0 —

A.D. 1819. 59° GEORGII III. C. 52.

Pictures, continued.

- of Feet square or upwards, the Picture

Plants, Shrubs, and Trees alive, Duty-free.

Plate, viz.

Battered, fit only to be remanufactured. See Bullion.

- of Gold, the oz. Troy.

- of Silver Gilt, the oz. Troy

- part gilt, the oz. Troy

- ungilt, the oz. Troy

Platina, the oz.

Ore, for every 100Z. of the Value

Porcelain, See China Ware.

Precious Stones, See Jewels.

Prints and Drawings, viz.

Plain, not exceeding a Foot square, each

- exceeding a Foot square, each

- Coloured, not exceeding a Foot square, each

- exceeding a Foot square, each

Quicksilver, die lb.

Q.

R.

Radix Contrayervae, the lb.

Raisins of all Sorts, the cwt -

Rattans, See Canes.

Red Wood, See Wood.

Reed Canes, See Canes.

Rhubarb, the lb.

Rice, viz.

--the Produce of any of the British Territories in the East Indies,

- not being rough and in the Husk, the cwt

- if rough and in the Husk, the cwt.

- the Produce of any other Country or Place,

- not being rough and in the Husk, the cwt.

- if rough and in the Husk, the cwt

Roch Alum, See Alum.

Rose Wood, See Wood.

- Oil of, See Oil.

Rubies, See Jewels.

Rum, See Spirits.

Safflower, the cwt Saffron, the lb.

Sagapenum Gum, See Gum. Sago, or Sago Powder, the lb. Sago Powder, See Sago.

Sal, viz.

- Ammoniac, the lb.

- Gem, the cwt

Salep or Salop, the lb.

Salop, See Salep.

Salt Petre, the cwt Sandalwood, Oil of, See Oil. Sandarach Gum, See Gum.

S.

£ s. d.^s. c

10 4 0

3 16 9

0 6 4 —

0 6 0 —

0 4 6 —

0 I 0 —

5 0 0

0 10

0 2 0 —

0 2 0 —

0 4 0, —

0. 1 8 0 1 1

0 18 Oil

0 10 0 090

0 2 6 0 16

0 5 0

0 2 6 —

0 15 0

0 10 0

0 8 9

0 7 6 0 6 0

0 0 8 —

0 0 6

0 8 0 —

0 13 0 0 10

0 0 6 —

59° GEORGII III.

C. 52.

A.D. 1819.

Sanguis Draconis, the lb.

Sarcocolla Gum, See Gum.

Sassafras, the cwt.

Saunders, viz.

- Red, the Ton containing 20 cwt.

- White or Yellow, the lb.

Scammony or Diagrydium, the lb.

Sea Cow, Sea Horse, or Sea Morse Teeth, the cwt.

Seal Skins, See Skins.

Seed, viz.

- Aniseed, the cwt.

- Castor Seed, the lb.«-

- Coriander Seed, the cwt.

- Cummin Seed, the cwt.

- Flax Seed, the Bushel -

- Forest Seed, for every 100l. of the Value

- Garden Seed, not particularly enumerated or described,

the lb.

- Linseed, the Bushel -

- Worpa Seed, the lb.

- Seed, not particularly enumerated or described, nor otherwise charged with Duty, for every 100l. of the Value Seed Lac, See Lac in Gum.

Seua, the lb. - s -

Senegal Gum, See Gum.

Shawls, manufactured of Hair or Cotton Wool, or any Mixture thereof, for every 100l. of the Value Sheeps Wool, See Wool.

Shell Lac, See Lac in Gum.

Shrubs, See Plants.

Silk, viz.

- Knubs or Husks of Silk, the lb.

- Raw Silk, viz.

- the Produce of any of the British Territories in

the East Indies, the lb.

- the Produce of any other Part of the East ladies,

the lb. -

# Drawback on the Exportation of Silk thrown in Great Britain, from a larger Quantity of Silk imported raw, viz.

- if from Raw Silk the Produce of any of the

British Territories in the East Indies, the lb.

- if from Raw Silk the Produce of any other

Part of the East Indies, the lb.

For the Conditions under which such Drawback can only be allowed, See die Act to which this Table is an-

- Thrown Silk, the lb nCXed'.

- Waste or Floss Silk, not otherwise enumerated Or described, the lb.

Silver Coin, Foreign, See Bullion.

--Plate, See Plate.

£ s.£ s. d

0 18 0 1 1

0 6 4 —

0 15 0

0 0 10

0 6 4 0 4 2

3 4 0 —

3 0 0

0 1 0

0 15 0

10 0 —

0 0 5 —

25 0 0 —

010 -

0 0 5 —

0.1 6 0 1 0

50 0 0 —

0 1 3 0 0 10

67 10 0 —

0 390 1 6

O O -

0 5 6

_^_ 0 0

-0 5 6

0 14 8 0 6 2

0 39>016

A.D. 1819. 59° GEORGII III.

TABLE (B.) — INWARDS.

Skins, viz.

- Calves Skins in the Hair, ' not tanned, tawed, or in any

way dressed, the Dozen Skins -

- Dog Skins in the Hair, not tanned, tawed, or in any way

dressed, the Dozen Skins -

- Elk Skins in the Hair, not tanned, tawed, or in any

way dressed, the Skin -

- Goats Skins, undressed, the Dozen Skins

- Husse Skins, undressed, the Skin

- Leopard Skins, undressed, the Skin -

- Martins Skins, undressed, the Skin

- Seal Skins in the Hair, not tanned, tawed, or in any

way dressed, the Skin -

- Squirrel Skins, undressed, the 100 Skins

- Tyger Skins, undressed, the Skin -

- Skins and Furs, or Pieces of Skins and Furs, raw or

undressed, not particularly enumerated or described, nor otherwise charged with Duty, for every 100l. of the Value -

- Skins and Furs, or Pieces of Skins and Furs, tanned,

tawed, or in any way dressed, not particularly enumerated or described, nor otherwise charged with Duty, for every 100l. of the Value -

SnuflJ Duty free.

Snuff is subject to a Duty of Excise.

Socotorina Aloes, See Aloes.

Specimens of such Minerals, Fossils, or Ores, which are not particularly enumerated or described, nor otherwise charged with Duty, each Specimen not exceeding m Weight 14? lbs., the lb.

- exceeding in Weight 14 lbs. each, for1 every 100l.

of the Value -

Spikenard, the lb.

Spirits, viz.

- Arrack, or Spirits not otherwise enumerated or described,

the Gallon

- Brandy, the Gallon -

- Geneva, the Gallon

--Rum, the Gallon -

- the Produce of the Settlement of the Cape of Good Hope,

its Territories or Dependencies, imported directly from thence, the Gallon -

Spirits are subject also to a Duty of Excise.

Squills dried, the cwt

- not dried, the cwt.

Squirrel Skins, See Skins.

Stick Lac, See Lac in Gum.

Stockings of Cotton, for every 100l. of the Value Storax or Sty rax, viz.

- Cal ami ta, the lb.

- Liquida, the lb.

- in the Tear or Gum, the lb.

Succades, the lb.

Sugar, the cwt.

For the Conditions under which certain Portions of the Duty on Sugar may be suspended, according to the 59 Geo. III. 5 P

Duty.

£ s. d.

0 2 0

0 0 10

0 1 0

0 2 10

0 0 6

096

0 1 3

0 0 3

0 11 6

096

20 0 0

75 0 0

0 0 2

20 0 0 0 2 9

0 2 1 0 1 11 0 1 11 0 1 3

0 1 3

1 Q 0

0 5 0

67 10 0

0

0

2

S

0 8 0

C. 52, 837

3 2

0 0y

Drawback.

£ s. cl.

0 1 10

0

0

0

1 4

2 2

5 6

838

C. 52.

59° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1819.

TABLE (B.) — INWARDS.

Sugar, continued.

Average Price of Muscovado Sugar, as published in the London Gazette, when such Price shall exceed the Sum of 60s. per cwt.; and also for the Conditions under which Is., 2s., or Ss. of the Duty may be suspended, according to such Average Price of Muscovado Sugar, when such Price shall be under 49s. per cwt. See the Act to which this Table is annexed.

Sugar refined, the cwt.

Note. The Duties on Sugar imported are to continue in force until the 2'5th March 1820. See the Act to which this Table is annexed.

Sugar Candy, viz.

"' — --- Brown, the cwt -

- White, the cwt.

Duty.

£ s. d.

8 8 0

5 12 0

8 8 0

T.

Talc, the lb.

Tamarinds, the lb.

Tea, Dutyfree.

Tea is subject to a Duty of Excise.

Teake Wood, See Wood.

Terra Japonica or Catechu, the lb.

Thread, viz. Cotton Thread, for every 100l. of the Value Tin, the cwt -

Tincal, See Borax.

Tobacco, Duty free.

Tobacco is subject to a Duty of Excise.

Tonnage Duty on Ships or Vessels entering Inwards from Foreign Parts. See Table E.

Tortoise Shell, viz.

- Manufactures of, for every 100l. of the Value -

- Rough, and unmanufactured, the lb.

Tragacanth Gum, See Gum.

Trees, See Plants.

Turbith, the lb.

Turmerick, the lb.

Turpentine, Oil of, See OM.

Tutiae Lapis, See Lapis.

Tyger Skins, See Skins.

0 0 8 0 0 8

0 0 10 67 10 0 593

50 0 0

0 4 0

0 2 6 0 0 8

V.

Vermicelli, the lb.

Vermilion, the lb.

0 0 8 0 2 0

W.

Walking Canes,

- Sticks,

Wanghee Cimes,

Waste, viz.

- Cotton Waste, See Cotton Wool in Wool.

- Silk Waste, See in Silk.

See Canes.

Drawback.

£ s. d.

0 1 8 0 0 5

0 14

A.D. 1819. 59° GEORGII III. C. 52. 839

TABLE (B.) — INWARDS. Duty. Drawback.

Wax, viz. £ s. d. £ s. d.

Bees Wax, unmanufactured, the cwt. 3 6 6 —

- White or manufactured, the c*t. - Candles, See Candles. Wine, For the Duties and Drawbacks thereon, S^Wine in Table A. Inwards. Wood, viz. 6 3 6

Bar Wood, the Ton containing 20 cwt. 0 15 0 —

Cam Wood, the Ton containing 20 cwt. Ebony, the Ton containing 20 cwt. Red Wood, the Ton containing 20 cwt. Rose Wood, the cwt. - Teake Wood, or other Wood fit for Shipbuilding, 8 Inches square or upwards, the Load containing 50 0 15 0 0 15 0 0 15 0 1 0 0 —

Cubic Feet - For the Conditions and Regulations under which Teake or other Wood fit for Ship-building, the Growth or Produce of any Place or Country within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, may be admitted to Entry Duty-free, See the 54* Geo. 3. cap. 66. Wood fit for Shipbuilding, See Teake Wood. Wool, viz. Carmenia Wool, See Goat Hair in Hair. Cotton Wool or Waste of Cotton Wool, 1 10 0

- until the 5th January 1820 inclusive, the 100 lbs. - - - from and after the 5th January 1820, for every 0 8 7

100l. of the Value The above Duty on Cotton Wool, or Waste of Cotton Wool, imposed according to the Value thereof, shall be charged and payable on all such Cotton Wool or Waste of Cotton Wool on which the Duty shall not have been fully paid on or before the 5th January 1820. See the Act to which this Table is annexed. Lamb's Wool, See Sheep's Wool. 6 0 0

Sheep or Lamb's Wool, the lb. - the Produce of, and imported from, any British Colony or Territory, - — until the 5th January 1823, inclusive, 0 0 6

the lb. from the 5th January 1823, until the 5th 0 0 1

January 1826, inclusive, the lb. - - from and after the 5th January 1826, 0 0

the lb. - Worm Seed, See Seed. 1 0 0 6

Y. Yam, viz. Cotton Yarn, the lb. 0 1 3 —

z. Zedoaria, the lb.; P 2 0 1 3 0 0 10

59° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1819.

Cr52»

TABLE (B.) — INWARDS. Duty* Drawback.

Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, being either in part or wholly manufactured, not being enumerated or described, nor otherwise charged with Duty, and not prohibited to be imported into nor used in Great Britain, for every 100l. of the Value £. d. 50 0 0 £ s. d.

Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, not being either in part or wholly manufactured, not being enumerated or described, nor otherwise charged with Duty, and not prohibited to be imported into nor used in Great Britain, for every 100l. of the Value 20 0 0

For the Manner in which the Value is to be ascertained of such Goods on which the Duties are charged in this Table according to the Value, See 27 Geo. 3. cap. 13., 53 Geo. 3. cap. 155., and 54- Geo. 3. cap. 36.

For the Conditions, Rules, and Regulations under which the Duty on such of the Articles enumerated or described in this Table, as shall be imported i by the East India Company, may be secured by Bond, See 39 Geo. 3. cap. 59. and 54? Geo. 3. 1 cap. 36. And for the Conditions, Rules, and 1 Regulations respecting the Payment of the Duty j on such of the said Articles as shall be imported by Persons authorized to trade within the Limits of the Charter of the said Company, See 54 Geo. 3. cap. 36.

1

TABLE (C.)

A TABLE of the DUTIES of CUSTOMS payable on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize exported from Great Britain.

TABLE (C.) — OUTWARDS.

Duty.

Foreign Goods.

Linen plain of all Sorts (except Sail Cloths) having been imported into Great Britain, and secured in Warehouses according to Law, without the full Duties of Customs having been paid thereon, and exported from any such Warehouse for Foreign Parts, for every 100l. of the true and real Value thereof -

Tonnage Duty on Ships or Vessels entering Outwards for Foreign Parts, See Table E.

£ s. .d.

15 0 0

Goods of the Produce or Manufacture of Great Britain. Cinders, See Coals.

Coals and Cinders usually sold by Measure, viz.

- exported to the Isle of Man, the Chaldron Winchester Measure

- exported to any British Colony or Plantation in America, the Chaldron Winchester Measure -

- exported to any of the Territories of the United States of America,

- in a British-built Ship, the Chaldron Newcastle Measure -

- in a Ship not British-built, the Chaldron Newcastle Measure -

Note. — Upon the Exportation from any Part of Great Britain of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, being the Growth, Production, or Manufacture of the United Kingdom, or of any of His Majesty's Territories in Europe, direct to any of the Territories of the United States of America, in any Ship or Vessel built in the Countries belonging to the said States, or any of them, or taken by any of the Ships or Vessels of War belonging to the Government, or any of the Inhabitants of the said States, having Commissions or Letters of Marque and Reprisal from the Government of the said States, and condemned as lawful Prize in any Court of Admiralty there, such Ship or Vessel being owned by the Subjects of the said States, or any of them, and whereof the Master and Three-fourths of the Mariners are also Subjects of the said States, no higher or other Duties shall be charged or paid, than such as are charged and payable upon Goods, Wares, and Merchandize of the like Denomination or Description, when exported in British-built Ships or Vessels navigated and registered according to Law. — See 56 Geo. 3. cap. 15. which Act is to continue in force so long as the Convention between His Majesty and the United States of America shall continue in force.

- exported to any other Place,

- in a British-built Ship, the Chaldron Newcastle Measure -

- in a Ship not British-built, the Chaldron Newcastle

Measure -

Coals exported in certain Quantities from the Ports of Newcastle and Swanzey to the Islands of Jersey, Guernsey, and Alderney, the Chaldron Newcastle Measure -

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, under which Coals may be so exported, Sec 6 Geo. 3. cap. 40.

0 1 6 0 2 6

0 17 0

1 10 3

1 2 0 1 15 4

0 12 0

Coals and Cinders usually sold by Weight, viz.

- exported to the Isle of Man, the Ton containing 20 cwt.

- exported to any British Colony or Plantation in America, the Ton

containing 20 Cwt.

- exported to any of the Territories of the United States of America,

- in a British-built Ship, the Ton containing 20 cwt.

- in a Ship not British built, the Ton containing 20 cwt. See Note on Coals usually sold by Measure, exported to the United

States of America.

- exported to any other Place,

t - -.- in a British-built Ship, the Ton containing 20 cwt.

- in a Ship not British built, the Ton containing 20 cwt. Coals, viz. Any Coals which shall have been screened through a Riddle or Screen, the Bars of which not being in any Part thereof more than Three-eighth Parts of an Inch asunder, shall on Exportation from any Part of Great Britain, be subject and liable to such and the like Duties, and no other, as are or may be charged and payable on Culm exported from Great Britain to Foreign Parts.

For the Rules, Regulations, and Conditions, under which such Coals can only be exported on Payment of the Duty on Culm, See 56 Geo. 3. cap. 127.

Culm, viz.

--exported to the Isle of Man, the Chaldron Winchester Measure

- exported to any British Colony or Plantation in America, the Chaldron

Winchester Measure -

--exported to any of the Territories of the United States of America,

- in a British-built Ship, the Chaldron Newcastle Measure

- in a Ship not British-built, the Chaldron Newcastle Measure -

See Note on Coals usually sold by Measure, exported to the United

States of America.

--exported to any other Place,

- in a British-built Ship, the Chaldron Newcastle Measure

- in a Ship not British-built, the Chaldron Newcastle Measure -

Tonnage Duty on Ships or Vessels entering Outwards for Foreign Parts, See Table E.

The following Duty is also payable on Goods of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of Great Britain exported from thence, viz.

Goods, Wares, and Merchandize of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of Great Britain (except as herein after mentioned) exported to any Port or Place whatever, for every jtlOO of the true and real Value thereof

For the Conditions and Regulations according to which the Value of British Salt exported is to be ascertained, See 54 Gfeo. 3 % cap. 50.

EXCEPT,

Bullion.

Corn, Grain, Meal, Malt, Flour, Biscuit, Bran, Grits, Pearl Barley and Scotch Barley, being the Produce or Manufacture of Great Britain.

Cotton Yarn, or other Cotton Manufactures being of the Manufacture of Great Britain.

Duty.

j6 s. d. 0 10

0 1 8

0 5 9

0 10 0

0 7 9

0 12 0

0 0 6

0 1 0

0 4 6

0 8 0

0 6 0 0 10 0

0 10 0

TABLE (C.) — OUTWARDS. Duty.

Exceptions, — continued. Linen of the Manufacture of any Part of the United Kingdom. Melasses. Military Clothing, Accoutrements, or Appointments. For the Conditions and Regulations under which the Commissioner of His Majesty's Treasury may permit such Articles to be exported and sent to any of His Majesty's Forces serving abroad, Duty free, See 50 Geo. 3. cap. 107. Sugar Refined of all Sorts, and Sugar Candy. Goods, Wares, and Merchandize exported from Great Britain to the Isle of Man, by virtue and under the Authority of any Licence which the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs in England or Scotland, or any Three or more of them, are or may be authorized and empowered to grant Any Sort of Craft, Food, Victuals, Clothing, or Implements or Materials necessary for the British Fisheries established in the Island of Newfoundland, or in any of His Majesty's Colonies, Islands, or Plantations in North America, on due Entry thereof, and exported from Great Britain to the said Colonies, Islands, or Plantations. Woollen Goods of the Manufacture of Great Britain exported to any Port or Place within the Limits of the Charter of the United Company of Merchant* of England trading to the East Indies. Military Stores exported by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies. Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, exported from Great Britain to the Island of Newfoundland, until the 5th July 1824. See the Act to which this Table is annexed. - A — - £ t. d.

59° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1819.

C. 52.

TABLE (D.)

A TABLE of the DUTIES of CUSTOMS payable on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, brought or carried Coastwise from one Port or Place to any other Port or Place within Great Britain; and of the Drawbacks to be allowed on the Exportation thereof from Great Britain.

TABLE (D.) — COASTWISE.

Coals, Culm, and Cinders, viz.

- 1 - Coals (except Charcoal made of Wood) brought Coastwise from any Port or Place in Great Britain, into the Port of London, viz.

- in case they are such as are most usually sold by Weight, the Ton containing 20 cwt.

--in case they are such as are most usually sold by

Measure, the Chaldron Winchester Measure For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which a Quantity of Coals, Culm, and Cinders, not exceeding 50, 000 Tons in the whole, may be brought within One Year, by the Grand Junction and Paddington Canals to London on Payment of the following Duty, See 45 Geo. S. cap. 128. viz.

For every Ton of Coals so brought A further Duty of Is. 3d. per Ton on Coals so brought is also payable to the proper Officer of the Customs, and at the End of every Quarter is to be paid to the Corporation of London in lieu of the Duty called Orphan's Duty, and of all other Rates, Dues, and Duties payable to that Corporation upon Coals imported into the Port of London.

- Coals brought down the River Thames nearer to London

than the City's Stone placed on the West Side of Staines Bridge in the County of Middlesex, and on which the Coast Duties shall not have been paid, the Ton A further Duty of Is. 3d. per Ton on Coals so brought is also payable to the proper Officer of the Customs, and at the End of every Quarter is to be paid to the Corporation of London in lieu of the Duty called Orphan's Duty, and of all other Rates, Dues, and Duties payable to that Corporation upon Coals imported into the Port of London. For the Conditions, Rules, and Regulations under which Coals may be so brought, and such Duties received, See 50 Geo. 3. cap. 110.

--r Coals laden on board any Ship or Vessel cleared Coastwise at any Port in England or Wales, and delivered in any Part beyond the Sea, before the Duties due on the Exportation thereof shall have been paid, the Master of such Ship or Vessel shall not be permitted again to enter or clear the said Ship or Vessel Coastwise, or for Parts beyond the Seas, before he shall have paid not only the Export Duties on the greatest Quantity of Coals which it shall appear the Vessel is capable of containing, but also the further Sum of 3s. for every

Duty. Drawback.

£ s. d. £ 5. d.

0 7 6 0 0

094 0 5 10

0 7 6 —

0 10 0

Coals, &c. — continued.

such Chaldron of Coals, Winchester Measure, to be applied and appropriated to the same uses with the respective Duties payable on Coals exported.

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which such Duty of Three Shillings the Chaldron 'may be returned, See 52 Geo. S. cap. 9.

- Coals shipped Coastwise at any Port in Scotland, and

delivered in any Part beyond the Seas, before the Duties due on the Exportation thereof shall have been paid, the Master of the Vessel shall not be permitted again to enter or clear out at any Port in Great Britain until he shall have paid not only the Duties due on the Exportation of such Coals, but in addition thereto for every Chaldron thereof so entered Coastwise, Winchester Measure -

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which the said Duty of Three Shillings the Chaldron shall be repaid, See 25 Geo. S. cap. 54-.

- Coals (except Charcoal made of Wood) brought Coastwise from any Port in Great Britain into any other Port in England or Wales (except the Port of London, and also except Coals brought or carried Coastwise within the Principality of Wales, until 1st August 1820) viz.

je

0

s. d. £ s. d.

3 0

- in case they are such as are most usually sold by

Weight, the Ton containing 20 cwt.

- in case they are such as are most usually sold by

Measure, the Chaldron, Winchester Measure - — Coals sent Coastwise from the Port of Newcastle-upon-Tyne to any other Port in Great Britain, the Chaldron, Newcastle Measure -

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which the Duties on Coals brought Coastwise, or from any Port or Place to any other Port or Place within England, may be secured by Bond, See 27 Geo. 3. cap. 32.

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which Coals may be carried from Ellenfoot to Bank End in the County of Cumberland, or from any Creek or Place to any other Creek or Place between Ellenfoot and Bank End aforesaid, without Payment of any Duty of Customs, See 8 Geo. 1. cap. 14.

- Coals carried from any Part of the Lancaster Canal, or any of the Branches thereof, or from any Part or Place within the Hundred of Lonsdale in the County of Lancaster into the Ulverstone Canal, across or along the Bay or Estuary separating the Two Canals, are not liable to any Duty of Customs.

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which Coals may be carried on the Monmouthshire Canal, and afterwards carried or conveyed from any Port or Place to the Eastward of the Islands called the Holmes, to any other Port or Place in or upon the River Severn, also to the Eastward of the said Islands, without passing to the Westward thereof without Payment of Duty, See 37 Geo. 8. cap. 100.

59 Geo. III. 5 Q

0 4 0 0 3 8

0 6 0 0 5 8

0 1 0

TABLE (D.) — COASTWISE.

Duty. Drawback.

Coals, &c. — continued.

£ s* di £ s. d.

And for the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which Coals may be carried or conveyed on the Monmouthshire Canal, or on any of the Railways or Tram-roads connected therewith, and afterwards carried to the Port of Bridgwater only by a Passage to the Westward of the Islands called the Holmes, notwithstanding the Restrictions before mentioned, without Payment of Duty, See 42 Geo. 3. cap. 115. of the Public Local and Personal Acts.

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which a Drawback shall be allowed of all the Duties on Coals used for melting Copper and Tin Ores within the Counties of Cornwall and Devon, See9 Ann. cap. 6.

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which a Drawback shall be allowed of all the Duties on Coals which shall be used in Fire Engines for draining Water out of the Mines of Tin and Copper within the County of Cornwall, See 14 Geo. 2. cap. 41.

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which a Drawback shall be allowed of all the Duties paid on all Coals that shall be used for Fire Engines in Mines of Tin, Copper, or Lead, or for calcining or smelting Lead Ores, within the County of Devon, See 51 Geo. 3. cap. 83.

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which a Drawback shall be allowed of all the Duties paid on all Coals consumed in Fire or Steam Engines used for the Purpose of drawing or raising Ores, or dead Stuff or Rubbish, out of the Mines of Tin, Copper, or Lead in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon, See 53 Geo. 3. cap. 18.

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which a Drawback shall be allowed and made of all the Duties that have been paid on any Coals used for Fire Engines in Mines of Lead, or for calcining or smelting Lead Ores, within the County of Cornwall, See 56 Geo. 3. cap. 134.

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which a Drawback shall be allowed of all the Duties on Coals used in calcining or smelting Copper and Lead Ores, within the Isle of Anglesey, or which shall be used in Fire Engines for draining Water out of the Mines of Copper and Lead within the said Isle, See 26 Geo. 3. cap. 104. and the Act to which this Table is annexed.

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which all the Duties on Coals used for any Purpose relating to the carrying on the Works for the Manufacturing of Tin Plates, and for other Purposes at Pennygored in the County of Pembroke, called the Pennygored Works, shall be repaid, provided the Amount thereof shall not exceed <^J1000 in any One Year, See 35 Geo. 3. cap. 39.

TABLE (D.)-COASTWISE. J Duty. Drawback.

Coals, &c. — continued. Coals (except Charcoal made of Wood) brought or carried Coastwise to any Port within the Principality of Wales, until the 1st August 1820, viz. — - in case they are such as are most usually sold by s. d. £ s. <L

Weight, the Ton containing 20cwt. - - - in case they are such as are most usually sold by 0 09 —

Measure, the Chaldron Winchester Measure For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, under which a Drawback shall be allowed of all the above Duties on Coals used for any Purpose relating to the carrying on the Works for the Manufacturing 01 Tin Plates at rennygored in the County of Pembroke, called the Pennygored Works, such Drawback not exceeding the Sum of ^1000 ih!any One Year, See the Act to which this Table is annexed. For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under, which the above Duties on all Coals which shall be used in calcining or smelting Copper or Lead Ore, within the Isle of Anglesey, or which shall be used in Fire Engines for draining Water out of the Mines of Copper or Lead within the said Isle, shall be repaid, See the Act to which this Table is annexed. Note. — Coals brought Coastwise to any Port or Place within the Principality of Wales, on and after the Ist August 1820, will be subject and liable to such and the like Duties as now are, or then may be payable on Coals brought Coastwise into any Port of England, except the Port of London, 0 1 0 ' .0,

See the Act to which this Table is annexed. — Culm brought Coastwise from any Port or Place in Great Britain into the Port of London, the Chaldron Win-

chester Measure - For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, under which a Quantity of Coals, Culm, and Cinders, not exceeding 50, 000 Tons in the whole, may be brought within One Year by the Grand Junction and Paddington Canals to London on Payment of the following Duty, &*45 Geo. 3. cap. 128. viz. 0 5 0 0 1 5

For every Ton of Culm so brought -A further Duty of Is. 3d. per Ton on Culm so brought is also payable to the proper Officer of the Customs, and at the End of every Quarter is to be paid to the Corporation of London in lieu of the Duty called Orphan's Duty, and of all other Rates, Dues, And Duties payable to that Corporation upon Culm imported into the Port of London. Culm brought down the River Thames nearer to London than the City's Stone placed on the West Side of Staines Bridge in the County of Middlesex, and on which the 0 7 6

Coast Duties shall not have been paid, the Ton A further Duty of Is. 3d. per Ton, on Culm so brought, is also payable to the proper Officer of the Customs, and at the End of every Quarter is to be paid to the Corporation of London in lieu of the Duty called Orphan's Duty, and of all other Rates, Dues, and Duties payable to that Corporation upon Culm imported into the Port of London. 5Q a 0 10 0

848 C. 52.

' 59° GEORGII III. A.D. 1819.

TABLE (D.) — COASTWISE.

Coals, &c. — continued.

For the Conditions, Rules, and Regulations under which Culm may be so brought, and a^ucn. Duties received, See 50 Geo. S. cap. 110.

- Culm laden on board any Ship or Vessel cleared Coast -wise at any Port in England or Wales, and delivered in any Part beyond the Sea, before the Duties due on the Exportation thereof shall have been paid, the Master of such Ship or Vessel shall not be permitted again to enter or clear the said Ship or Vessel Coastwise, or for Parts beyond the Seas, before he shall have paid not only the Export Duties on the greatest Quantity of Culm which it shall appear the Vessel is capable of containing, but also the further Sum of 3s. for every such Chaldron of Culm, Winchester Measure, to be applied and appropriated to the same Uses with the respective Duties payable on Culm exported.

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which such Duty of 3s. the Chaldron may be returned, See 52 Geo. 3. cap. 9.

Duty.

s.

Drawback.

d.

d.

- Culm shipped Coastwise at any Port in Scotland and delivered in any Part beyond the Seas, before the Duties due on the Exportation thereof shall have been paid, the Master of the Vessel shall not be permitted again to enter or clear out at any Port in Great Britain, until he shall have paid not only the Duties due on the Exportation of such Culm, but in addition thereto, for every Chaldron thereof so entered Coastwise, Winchester Measure -

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which the said Duty of 3s. the Chaldron shall be repaid. See 25 Geo. 3. cap. 54.

0 3 0

- Culm to be used for the burning of Lime, carried from

any Place within the Limits of the Port of Milford in the County of Pembroke, to any other Place within the Counties of Pembroke, Carmarthen, Cardigan, or Merioneth, the Chaldron Winchester Measure -

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which Culm may be so carried, on Payment of the above Duty, See 33 Geo. 2. cap. 15.

- Culm, brought Coastwise from any Port in Great Britain

into any other Port in England or Wales, except the Port of London, and except Culm carried from Milford as before mentioned, and also except Culm brought or carried Coastwise within the Principality of Wales, until the 1st August 1820, the Chaldron Winchester Measure -

0 1 3

0

2

Culm carried from any Part of the Lancaster Canal, or any of the Branches thereof, or from any Part or Place within the Hundred of Lonsdale in the County of Lancaster into the Ulverstone Canal, across or along the Bay or Estuary separating the Two Canals, are not liable to any Duty of Customs.

A.D. 18 ig

C«j52* 8

59° GEORGII 1IL

TABLE (D.) — COASTWISE.

Coals, &c. — continued.

- Culm, brought or carried Coastwise to any Port within the Principality of Wales, until the 1st August 1820, viz.

- in case mqst usually sold by Weight, the Ton

containing 20 cwt

- in case most usually sold by Measure, the Chal-

dron Winchester Measure Note. — Culm brought Coastwise to any Port or Place within the Principality of Wales, on and after the 1st August 1820, will be subject and liable to such and the like Duties, as now are, or then may be payable on Culm brought Coastwise into any Port of England, except the Port of London. See the Act to which this Table is annexed.

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which Culm may be carried on the Monmouthshire Canal, and afterwards carried or conveyed from any Port or Place to the Eastward of the Islands called the Holmes, to any other Port or Place in or upon the River Severn, also to the Eastward of the said Islands, without passing to the Westward thereof, without Payment of Duty, See 37 Geo 3. cap. 100. And for the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which Culm may be carried or conveyed on the Monmouthshire Canal, or on any of the Railways or Tramroads connected therewith, and afterwards carried to the Port of Bridgewater only by a Passage to the Westward of the Islands called the Holmes, notwithstanding the Restrictions before mentioned, without Payment of Duty, See 42 Geo. 3. cap. 115. of the Public Local and Personal Acts.

- Cinders made of Pit Coal brought Coastwise from any

Port in Great Britain, into any other Port in England or Wales, the Chaldron Winchester Measure For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which a Quantity of Coals, Culm, and Cinders, not exceeding 50, 000 Tons in the Whole, may be brought within One Year by the Grand Junction and Paddington Canals to London, on Payment of the following Duty, See 45 Geo. 3. cap. 128.

For every Ton of Cinders so brought -A further Duty of Is. 3d. per Ton on Cinders so hrought, is also payable to the proper Officer of the Customs, and at the End of every Quarter is to be paid to the Corporation of London, in lieu of the Duty called Orphan's Duty, and of all other Rates, Dues, and Duties payable to that Corporation upon Cinders imported into the Port of London.

- Cinders brought down the River Thames nearer to London than the City's Stone placed on the West Side of Staines Bridge, in the County of Middlesex, and on which the Coast Duties shall not have been paid, the Ton -

A further Duty of Is. 3d. per Tan on Cinders so brought, is also payable to the proper Officer of the Customs, and at the End of every Quarter is to be paid to the Corporation

Duty. Drawback.

£s.d. £. d.

0 0 14

0 0 2

A

0 6 0 —

t» 7 6 —

0 10 0 —

Coals, he, — continued.

of London, in lieu of the Duty called Orphan's Duty, and of all other Rates, Dues and Duties payable to that Corporation upon Cinders imported into the Port of London. For the Conditions, Rules, and Regulations under which Cinders may be so brought, and such Duties received, See 50 Geo. 3. cap. 110.

- Cinders laden on board any Ship or Vessel cleared Coast-

wise at any Port in England or Wales, and delivered in any Part beyond the Sea, before the Duties due on the Exportation thereof shall have been paid, the Master of such Ship or Vessel shall not be permitted again to enter or clear the said Ship or Vessel Coasts wise, or for Parts beyond the Seas, before he shall have paid not only the Export Duties on the greatest Quantity of Cinders which it shall appear the vessel is capable of containing, but also the further Sum of 3s. for every such Chaldron of Cinders, Winchester Measure, to be applied and appropriated to the same Uses with £he respective Duties payable on Cinders exported. For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which such Duty of 3s. the Chaldron may be returned, See 52 Geo. 3. cap. 9.

- Cinders shipped Coastwise at any Port in Scotland, and

delivered in any Part beyond the Seas, before the Duties due on the Exportation thereof shall have been paid, the Master of the Vessel shall not be permitted again to enter or clear out at any Port in Great Britain, until he shall have paid not only the Duties due on the Exportation of such Cinders, but, in addition thereto, for every Chaldron thereof so entered Coastwise, Winchester Measure - For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which the said Duty of 3s. the Chaldron shall be repaid, See 25 Geo. 3. c. 54*. '

- Cinders carried from any Part of the Lancaster Canal or

any of the Branches thereof, or from any Part or Place .within the Hundred of Lonsdale, in the County of Lancaster, into the XJlverstone Canal, across or along the Bay or Estuary separating the two Canals, are not liable to any Duty of Customs.

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which Coals, Culm, Cinders, or Coked Coals burnt from Pit Coal, on which the proper Duties shall have been paid or secured, may be brought or carried Coastwise from any Port or Place in Great Britain to any other Port or Place in England or Wales, without Payment of any further Duty of Customs, See9 and 10 Wm. 3. cap. 13. and 55 Geo. 3. cap. 174.

Slate, of the Production of Great Britain, brought Coastwise from any Port or Place within Great Britain to any other Port or Place therein, for every j£100 of the Value Stone, of the Production of Great Britain, brought Coastwise from any Port or Place within Great Britain to any other Port or Place therein (except as herein after mentioned), for every £ 100 of the Value -'

£ r.

0 3

25 8

26 8

£ s. d.

26 8 0

Stone — continued.

£ s- d. £ s. d.

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which any Marble, Limestone, or Ironstone whatever; any Stone cut or manufactured into Mill Stones, Grind Stones, or Whet Stones, or either of them; any Stone manufactured or converted into Posts, and Caps for Com Stacks or Mowsteads, Troughs, Gate Posts, or other Articles used for the Purposes of Husbandry; or Stone used for the Purpose of repairing and upholding Sea Banks and Sea Walls in Great Britain; any Growan Stone, or Stone commonly called or known by the Name of Growan Stone, or Stone commonly called or known by the Name of China Stone, or any other Stone to be used in the Manufacture of Porcelain or of Pottery, or any Stones whatever cut or manufactured into Burr Stones, may be entered without Payment of Duty, See 34 Geo. 3. cap. 51. and 39 and 40 Geo. 3. cap. 51.

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions under which the Duty on Stones that have been used in making Barn Floors, may be repaid, See the Act to which this Table is annexed.

A.D. 1819.

852

C. 52. 59° GEORGII III.

TABLE (E.)

A TABLE of the TONNAGE DUTIES of CUSTOMS payable on Ships or Vessels entering Inwards or Outwards (except in Ballast) in any Port of Great Britain from or to Foreign Parts.

TABLE (E.) — TONNAGE.

Duty.

Tonnage Duty on Ships and Vessels entering Inwards or Outwards (except in Ballast) in any Port of Great Britain from or to Foreign Parts, viz.

For every Ton Burthen of every Ship or Vessel entering Inwards or Outwards (except in Ballast) from or to the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Sark, or Alderney, the Greenland Seas, the Southern Whale Fishery, the Islands of Newfoundland, Cape Breton, St. John, or Prince Edward's Island, or the Coast of Labrador -

For the Suspension of this Duty, as far as it relates to Ships and Vessels entering Inwards or Outwards in any Port of Great Britain from or to the Island of Newfoundland, until the 5th July 1824, See the Act to which this Table is annexed.

For every Ton Burthen of every Ship or Vessel entering Inwards or Outwards (except in Ballast) from or to the Cape of Good Hope For every Ton Burthen of every Ship or Vessel entering Inwards or Outwards (except in Ballast) from or to any Port or Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, except the Cape of Good Hope - For every Ton Burthen of every Ship or Vessel entering Inwards or Outwards (except in Ballast) from or to any Port or Place not otherwise enumerated or described, except the Isle of Man For every Ton Burthen of every Packet or Passage Vessel belonging to the Subjects of His most Christian Majesty, which shall lade or unlade any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, or take in or set on Shore any Passengers, in any Port, Creek, Harbour or Road of Great Britain, except any Ship or Vessel used only for the Purposes of Pleasure, and which shall not carry any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, or any Passengers, for Hire or Reward Note, — His Majesty is empowered by His Royal Proclamation or Proclamations, issued by and with the Advice of His Privy Council, or by His Majesty's Order or Orders in Council to be published from Time to Time in the London Gazette, to direct such Duty or Duties as shall be therein specified, to be levied, collected, and paid in the Ports of Great Britain, on the entering or clearing out of the Packets or Passage Vessels of such Foreign Countries as shall be named in the said Proclamations or Orders in Council, and from Time to Time, by any such Proclamations or Orders in Council issued or published as aforesaid, to revoke, diminish, or increase such Duties to the same Amount as similar Duties may be respectively revoked, diminished, or increased on British Packets or Passage Vessels entering or clearing out from the Ports or Harbours of such Foreign Countries. But no such Proclamations or Orders in Council shall extend to any Ship or Vessel used only for the Purposes of Pleasure, and which shall not carry any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, or any Passengers, for Hire or Reward. See 56 Geo. 3. cap. 9.

Note. — The Tonnage Duty is not payable on Ships or Vessels employed in the Fisheries on the Coast of Great Britain, and not entering Outwards for Foreign Parts; or on any Ships or Vessels bringing Oysters from Jersey or Guernsey; or on any British or Irish-built Ship or Vessel owned by British Subjects, which is not required to be registered. See the Act to which this Table is annexed.

0

0

0

0

s. d. 0 6

2 6

3 0 1 G

3 6

A.D. 1819. 59° GEORGII III.

C*52»

TABLE (F.)

LISTS of ARTICLES which may be Lodged in Warehouses, or otherwise secured, at approved Ports in Great Britain, under the Rules, Regulations, and Securities required by Law, without Payment, at the Time of the First Entry, of the Duties due on the Importation thereof.

TABLE (F.) — WAREHOUSED GOODS.

LIST (A.)

A List of Articles which when imported into the Port of London may be lodged and secured in Warehouses within the Premises situated at the Isle of Dogs, belonging to the West India Dock Company.

Cocoa Nuts

Coffee

Sugar

Cassia Fistula

Annotto or Rocou

Angustura Bark

Cotton Wool

Ginger

Indigo

Mahogany

Melasses

Pimento

Rum

Cocoa Nuts

Coffee

Sugar

Cotton Wool

Ginger

Indigo

Mahogany

Melasses

Pimento

Rum

- 'A Not being the Produce of, nor imported

- I from any Place within the Limits of the

- > Charter granted to the United Compan/

- I of Merchants of England trading to the

- J East Indies.

Imported from the West Indies, and also all other Articles so imported which are'enumerated in List E.

Being the Growth or Produce ot, and imported directly from any of the Territories or Dominions of the Crown of Portugal.

59 Geo. III.

iR

C. 52.

59° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1819.

LIST (B.)

A list of Articles which when imported into the Port of London may be lodged and secured in Warehouses within the Premises belonging to the London Dock Company.

Brandy

Geneva and other Spirits

Rice

Tobacco

Wine

Cocoa Nuts

Coffee

Sugar

Cotton Wool

Ginger

Indigo

Mahogany

Melasses

Pimento

Rum -

"] Not being the Produce of, nor imported from pny Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies (Spirits and Wine excepted), or not being imported from the West Indies.

Being the Growth or Produce of, and imported directly from any of the Territories or Dominions of the Crown of Portugal.

Spirits

Wine

Being the Produce of any Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and

L imported otherwise than by the said United Company.

LIST (C.)

A List of Articles which (not being the Produce of, nor imported from any Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, or not being imported from the West Indies) may be lodged and secured in Places approved by the Commissioners of the Customs.

- Brimstone.

Cork.

Hemp undressed.

Iron in Bars.

Iron slit or hammered into Rods, and Iron drawn or hammered less than f of an Inch square.

Kelp.

Mahogany.

Marble Blocks.

Oil of Turpentine.

Pitch.

Rape Seed. Rosin.

Staves.

Tallow.

Tar.

Timber.

Tow.

Turpentine.

Wood.

Zaffire or Cobalt, Linseed.

A.D. 1819. 59° GEORGII III. C. 52.

LIST (D.)

A List of Articles which (not being the Produce of, nor imported from, any Place within the Limits of the Charier granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, or not being imported into the Port of London from the West Indies) may be lodged and secured in Warehouses or Places approved by the Commissioners of the Customs.

Hides.

Oil of British Fishing, viz.

>--Spermaceti or Head Matter.

- Train Oil, and all other Fish Oil.

Blubber of British Fishing.

Whale Fins of British Fishing.

Skins and Furs, viz.

- Indian Deer Skins, half dressed or shaved.

- Skins and Furs of all Sorts, not tanned, tawed, or in any way dressed.

LIST (E.)

A List of Articles which (not being the Produce of, nor imported from any Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, or not being imported into the Port of London from the West Indies) may be lodged and secured at such Ports, and in such Warehouses, or other Places, as now are or may be approved and directed by the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury.

Alkermes.

Almonds.

Anchovies.

Angustura Bark.

Aniseed.

Annotto or Rocou.

Arrow Root.

Ashes.

Balsam of all sorts.

Barilla.

Beads, viz.

--Amber Beads.

Coral Beads.

Bees Wax.

Bristles undressed.

Buck Wheat.

Cantharides.

Carpets, Turkey.

Cassia Fistula.

Catlings or Lutestrings.

Chip Hats.

Citrat of Lime.

Clover Seed.

Cochineal.

Cochineal Dust.

Cocoa Nuts.

Coffee.

Cotton Wool.

Cotton Yarn.

S

Currants.

Elephants Teeth.

Essence of Bergamot.

- of Lemon.

- of Spruce, the Produce of the

British Colonies in America, and imported from thence. Euphorbium.

Feathers for Beds.

Figs.

Flax.

Ginger.

Ginseng.

Granilla.

Gum Arabic.

- Copal.

- Senegal.

- Guaiacum.

Hams.

Harpstrings.

Hones.

Jalap.

Jesuits Bark.

Jet.

India Rubbers.

Indigo.

Isinglass.

Juice of Lemons.

- of Limes.

2

59° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1819.

C. 53-

List (E.) — continued*

Juice of Oranges.

Juniper Berries.

Lamp Black.

Linen, plain, of all Sorts (except Sail Cloth).

Linseed Cakes.

Liquorice Powder.

Mahogany.

Manna.

Mercury.

Mohair Yarn.

Molasses.

Oil of Almonds*

- of Amber.

- of Aniseed.

- of Bay.

- of Cajaputa.

- of Caraway.

- of Cassia.

- of Castor.

- Chemical, not otherwise enumerated.

- of Cinnamon.

- of Cloves.

- of Jessamine.

- of Juniper.

- of Lavender.

- of Linseed.

- of Mace.

- of Marjoram.

- of Nutmegs.

- of Olives.

- of Oranges.

- of Palm.

- Perfumed, not otherwise enumerated.

- of Pine.

- Rock.

- of Rosemary.

- of Rosewood.

- Salad.

- of Sassafras.

- of Spike.

- of Thyme.

- of Turpentine.

Oil of Walnut.

Opium.

Orange Flower Water.

- Ointment.

Pearl Barley.

Pictures.

Pimento.

Pitch, Burgundy.

Pots, Melting.

Prunes.

Quicksilver.

Radix Serpentariae.

Rags.

Raisins of all sorts.

Rape Cakes.

Rhinehurst.

Rhubarb.

Rum.

Saccharum Satumi.

Saffron.

Sal Ammoniacus.

- Gem.

- Limonum or Acetosella.

- Prunella.

- Succini.

Saphora.

Sarsaparilla.

Sena.

Silk, Raw, Thrown, or Waste.

Smalts.

Straw Hats.

Succus Liquoritiae, or Liquorice Juice Sugar.

Tapioca.

Tar, Barbadoes.

Tornsal.

Toys.

Verdigris.

Vermilion.

Vinelloes.

And all other Goods unmanufactured, except Salt.

For the Conditions, Regulations, Restrictions, and Securities under which Goods enumerated in the preceding Lists may be lodged and secured in approved Places, See 43 Geo. 3. cap. 132. — 45 Geo. 3. cap. 87* — 46 Geo. 3. cap. 137. — 47 Geo. 3. cap. 48. — 48 Geo. 3. eap. 126. — 49 Geo. 3. cap. 106. — 50 Geo. 3. cap. 64. — 52 Geo. 3. cap. 142.

LIST (F.)

A List of Articles which may be lodged and secured in approved Places, under the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions directed by particular Statutes.

Tobacco and Snuff. See 29 Geo. 3. cap. 68.

Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, being of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of any Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies. See 39 Geo. 3. cap. 59. — 43 Geo. 3. cap. 132. — and 54 Geo. 3. cap. 36.

Com, Meal, and Flour. See 55 Geo. 3. cap. 26.

CAP. LIII.

An Act For granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties of Excise on Tea, Coffee and Cocoa Nuts, Tobacco and Snuff, Pepper, Malt and British Spirits, and consolidating the fame with the former Duties thereon, and for amending certain Laws of Excise relating thereto.

[2d July 1819O

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, towards raising the Supplies necessary to defray the

Expences of Your Majesty's Government, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto Your Majesty the several Rates and Duties of Excise nerein respectively mentioned; and do therefore most

humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted And be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid, to and for the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, upon the several Goods, Wares, Merchandise and Commodities mentioned and described in the Schedules A. and B. respectively hereunto annexed, the several Sums of Money and Duties of Excise as they are respectively inserted, described and set forth in the said Schedules, over and above all Duties that have been continued or paid, or that shall have been or may be granted, laid or imposed thereon, or in respect thereof, by any Act or Acts of the present Session of Parliament; and that there shall be allowed and paid to the several Persons entitled to the fame, the several Drawbacks of Excise respectively inserted, described and set forth in the Schedule C. hereunto annexed; and that the said several Duties and Drawbacks respectively, and the several Provisions of this Act, shall respectively commence and take effect on and from the respective Days herein after in that behalf mentioned, in every Case in which a particular Day is herein after specified; and in all Cases where no other particular Day is specified, from the Fifth Day of July in the Year One thousand eight hundred and nineteen.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Days respectively on which the Duties hereby imposed shall respectively commence and take effect, all and Angular the Duties on Tea, Tobacco and Snuff, Coffee and Cocoa Nuts, and on Pepper (not being Cayenne, Long Pepper or Guinea Pepper), and on Malt respectively, and on Beer imported or brought from Ireland into Great Britain, and on Wort or Wafti brewed or made for extracting Spirits in England for Home Consumption, and on Spirits extracted in England for Home Consumption, or extracted in England and imported or brought into Scotland, or extracted in Scotland and imported or brought into England, or extracted in Ireland and imported or brought directly into England or Scotland respectively, or into England through Scotland, and the Drawbacks payable in Great Britain on Tea, Tobacco and Snuff, Chocolate, Malt and Beer exported, shall cease and determine, and be no longer paid or payable; save and except in all Cases relating to the recovering, allowing or paying any Arrear thereof respectively, which may at that time remain unpaid, or to any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures relating thereto respectively, which shall have been incurred at any time before or on the said Day8 respectively; and save and except the Duties of Customs payable on Tobacco and Snuff, which shall not cease or determine until the Fifth Day' of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to repeal* or in anywise alter the Duties upon Malt, Tobacco and Snuff, continued by an Act made in the present Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for continuing to His Majesty certain Duties on Malt, Sugar, Tobacco and Snuff in Great Britain, and on Pensons9 Officej and Personal Estates in England, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and nineteen; and the Duties payable on Excise Licences.

1IL And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where Duties are imposed or Drawbacks allowed by this Act on any specific Quantity of Goods, Wares, Merchandise or Commodities, the same shall in every Case, be understood and deemed and taken to apply in the same Proportion, and after the fame Rate, to any greater «r less Quantity than such specific Quantity.

The Duties specified in the annexed Schedules A. and B. and the Drawbacks specified in Schedule C. paid and allowed. Commencement of Duties and Drawbacks.

Duties on the Articles herein mentioned to cease when the new Duties commence, .except Arrears, &c.

Proviso for Duties on Malt, Tobacco and Snuff, of c. 3. ante, and on Excise Licences.

Dlities and Drawbacks proportionate to the actual Quaufity.

Duties under the Commissioners of Excise,

paid into Exchequer and carried to Consolidated Fund.

58 G. 3. c. 23.

The yearly Sum of r, 103, 3271. Average Amount of Duty on Malt hereby repealed, set apart in quarterly Payments, and the Remainder applied as herein directed.

The yearly Sum of 7, 440, 0741. 15s. Amount of Duties of Excise on Tea, &c hereby repealed, set apart in quarterly Payments, and the Remainder applied as directed.

Exception as to

66.6991. Half the Amount of Duty on Tea.

How the said

66.6991. to be applied.

56 G. 3. c. 17.

Duties and Drawbacks under this Act to be levied and allowed as former Duties and Drawbacks of Excise;

and the Goods liable to the Regulation! of former Acts.

C. 53. 59° GEORGII III. A.D. 1819.

IV. And be it further enacted, That such of the Duties by this Act imposed as shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called England, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Ex rife in England for the time being; and such thereof as shall arise in that rart of Great Britain called Scotland, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland for the time being.

V. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies arising by the Duties hereby imposed (the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the fame excepted), shall from time to time be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, and shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

VI. And Whereas an Act was passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for raifng the Sum t of Three Millions by the Transfer of certain Three Pounds per Centum Annuities into other Annuities, at the Rate of 1 Three Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum; and for granting Annuities to discharge certain Exchequer Bills: And

Whereas no Provision has been made by Parliament for the Payment of the Charges occasioned by the said

Ad Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, out of the Monies so to be paid into the said Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer as aforesaid, there shall be set apart the yearly Sum of One million one hundred and three thousand three hundred and twenty seven Pounds, being the aggregate Amount of the Duties of Excise on Malt hereby repealed, upon an Average of Two Years ending on the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and nineteen $ and which yearly Sum shall be set apart by Four equal Portions Quarterly, on the Fifth Day of January> the Fifth Day of April, the Fifth Day of July, and the Tenth Day of 0Sober in every Year 5 and after letting apart the said Sum of One million one hundred and three thousand three hundred and twenty seven Pounds, the Remainder of the Monies so to be paid into the Exchequer as aforesaid shall be deemed an Addition made to the Public Revenue of Great Britain, for the purpose of defraying the increased annual Charge occasioned by the Loan made, or Stock created, by virtue of the said Act of the last Session of Parliament.

VII. And be it further enacted, That out of the Monies so to be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer as aforesaid, there shall be set apart the yearly Sum of Seven millions four hundred and forty thousand and seventy four Pounds Fifteen Shillings, being the aggregate Amount of the Duties of Excise on Tea, Tobacco and Snuff, Coffee, Cocoa Nuts and Pepper, on Beer imported from Ireland, and on Wort or Wash made for extracting Spirits in England for Home Consumption, and on Spirits extracted in England for Home Consumption, or imported into Scotland, or extracted in Scotland and imported into England, or extracted in Ireland and imported into England or Scotland, or into England through Scotland, hereby repealed, upon an Average of Two Years ending on the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and nineteen; and which yearly Sum shall be set apart by Four equal Portions Quarterly, on the Fifth Day of January, the Fifth Day of April, the Fifth Day of July, and the Tenth Day of 0Bober, in every Year; and after letting apart the said Sum of Seven millions four hundred and forty thousand and seventy four Pounds Fifteen Shillings, the Remainder of the Monies so to be paid into the Exchequer as last aforesaid, (except the Sum of Sixty six thousand six hundred and ninety nine Pounds, being a Moiety of the estimated annual Amount of the increased Duty on Tea hereby granted), shall be deemed an Addition made to the Public Revenue of Great Britain, for the purpose of defraying the increased annual Charge occasioned by the Loan made, or Stock created, by any Act passed or to be passed in the present Session of Parliament.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Sum of Sixty six thousand six hundred and ninety nine Pounds, being the other Moiety of the estimated annual Amount of the increased Duty on Tea hereby granted, shall be let apart by Four equal Portions Quarterly, on the Fifth Day of January, the Fifth Day of Abril, the Fifth Day of July, and the Tenth Day of October in every Year, and shall be issued and applied in such and the like Manner, and to and for the same Uses and Purposes as the Monies arising by an Act made in the Fifty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, certain additional Duties of Excise in Great Britain, are or shall be from time to time by any Act or Acts of Parliament directed to be issued and applied.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said several Sums of Money respectively inserted, described and set forth in the said respective Schedules A. and B. hereunto annexed, as the Duties and Countervailing Duties of Excise hereby imposed, and the Drawbacks set forth in the said Schedule C., upon the several Goods, Wares, Merchandise or Commodities respectively mentioned therein, shall and may be respectively raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, recovered, adjudged, mitigated and allowed, in such and the like Manner, and in or by any or either of the general or special Means, Ways or Methods, (except so far as the same are hereby altered, ) by which the former Duties and Drawbacks of Excise respectively, upon Goods, Wares, Merchandise or Commodities of the fame Sorts or Kinds respectively, were or might be raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, recovered, adjudged, mitigated and allowed; and that the Duties respectively hereby imposed upon Tobacco and Snuff, Coffee and Cocoa, and upon Pepper respectively, shall be paid by and levied and recovered from the same Person and Persons by whom such Goods respectively shall have been or shall be taken out of the Warehouse, on Payment of the former Duties thereon, on or after the Ninth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and nineteen 5 and that the Goods, Wares, Merchandise or Commodities so by this Act respectively made liable to the Payment of, or chargeable with Duties of Excise, or entitled to Drawbacks of Excise, as respectively inserted, described and set forth in the said Schedules respectively hereunto annexed, shall be and the same are hereby made subject to all and every the Conditions, Regulations, Rules, Restrictions and Forfeitures not hereby altered, to which any Goods, Wares, Merchandise or Commodities were generally or specially subject or liable by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force immediately before the passing of this Act, respecting the Duties of Excise; and all and

5 every

859

A.D. 1819.

5.9* GEORGII III.

C.

53-

every Pain, Penalty, Fine or Forfeiture of any Nature or Kind whatever, for every Offence whatever, committed against or in breach of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force immediately before the passing of this A A, made for securing the Revenue of Excise, or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof, and the several Clauses, Powers, and Directions therein contained (not hereby altered), shall and are hereby directed and declared to extend to and shall be respectively applied, praAifed, and put in execution for and in respect of the several Duties and Drawbacks of Excise hereby charged and allowed, in as full and ample a Manner, to all Intents and Purposes whatever, as if all and every the said Acts, Clauses, Provisions, Powers, Directions, Fines, Pains, Penalties or Forfeitures were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

X. And be it further enacted, That all Maltsters or Makers of Malt, Sellers and Retailers of Malt, Brewers, Dillillers, Innkeepers, Victuallers and Vinegar Makers, and all and every other Person or Persons whatsoever, who in trust for them, or any or either of them, or for the Use, Benefit or Account of them, or any or either of them, shall have in his, her or their Custody or Possession, or in his, her or their Houses, Outhouses, Barns, Granaries, or in any other Place or Places whatsoever, upon the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, any Parcel or Quantity of Malt whatsoever, ground or unground, shall on that Day, or within Ten Days next ensuing, give a true and particular Account thereof in Writing at the Office of Excise within the Limits of which he, she or they shall then respectively inhabit; and that every Maltster and Maker of Malt shall in like manner give such Account of the Disposal of all the Malt which he, she or they shall have made, or had in his, her or their Possession within One Calendar Month preceding the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, specifying the Quantity of Malt, and the Date of each and every Delivery thereof, and the Name and Residence of the Person to whom the fame respectively was fold or delivered, and the Place at which the fame respectively was delivered, upon pain of forfeiting the Sum of One hundred Pounds, or Forty Shillings for every Bushel of such Malt, at the Election of the Attorney General, or the Person who shall sue or pfofecute for the fame, for every Neglect therein; and the Malt of which no such Account as aforesaid, or of which a false Account shall be given, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise; and the Duties by this Act imposed on Malt Stock in hand shall be payable and paid in manner following; (that is to say), Three pence. Part thereof, for every Bushel of such Malt, on the Tenth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and nineteen; Three pence, other Part thereof, for every Bushel of such Malt, on the Tenth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty; Four pence, other Part thereof, for every Bushel of such Malt, on the Tenth Day of February One thousand eight hundred and twenty; and Four pence, the Remainder thereof, for every Bushel of such Malt thereof, on the Tenth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and twenty; and all such Maltsters or Makers of Malt, Sellers or Retailers of M'dt, Brewers, Dittillers, Innkeepers, Victuallers and Vinegar Makers, who shall refijfe to make such Pay men _s, cy any or either of them, for his, her or their Stock of Malt, at such time or times respectively, shall forfeit double the Amount of all the Duties charged or chargeable for or in respect of such Stock of Malt, or One hundred Pounds, at the Election of His Majesty's Attorney General, or the Person who shall sue or prosecute for the same.

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Officers of Excise respectively to take a true and particular Account and Admeasurement of all such Malt as any Maltster or Maker of Malt, Seller or Retailer of Malt, Brewer, Distiller, Innkeeper, Victualler or Vinegar Maker, or any Person or Persons in trust, or for the Use, Benefit or Account of them, or for any or either of them, shall, on the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, have or be possessed of or interested in, and for that Purpose to enter into any Dwelling House, Outhouse, Barn, Granary or other Place whatsoever belonging to every or any such Maltster or Maker of Malt, Seller or Retailer of Malt, Brewer, Distiller, Innkeeper, Victualler or Vinegar Maker, and each of them; and every such Person is hereby required to permit and suffer such Officer or Officers, on the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, or afterwards, at any time before the Duty upon such Malt shall be paid, at his or their Request, to enter and take such Account and Admeasurement thereof as aforesaid, and for that Purpose to cast such Malt into a regular Form for the better ascertaining the Quantity thereof; and if they, or any or either of them, shall refuse to permit or suffer any Officer or Officers of Excise so to do, or if any Person or Persons shall obstruct, oppose, molest or hinder any Officer or Officers of Excise in the due Execution of such Powers hereby given, or shall use, or permit or suffer to be used, any Means, Art or Contrivance, by which any Officer or Officers may be deceived, hindered or obstructed in ascertaining or taking a true Account of the actual Quantity of all such Malt, he, she or they shall respectively forfeit One hundred Pounds, or Forty Shillings for every Bushel of such Malt, at the Election of His Majesty's Attorney General, or the Person who shall sue or prosecute for the fame, for every such Offence; and if any Maltster or Maker of Malt, Seller or Retailer of Malt, Brewer, Distiller, Innkeeper, Victualler or Vinegar Maker, or any other Person or Persons having in his, her or their Custody or Possession any Quantity of Malt chargeable by this Act with the said Duty or Duties, or any Part thereof, for Stock in hand as aforesaid, shall clandestinely remove or carry away, or cause or suffer to be removed or carried away, the fame, or any Part thereof, before the Duties thereupon shall be charged, or shall fraudulently conceal or hide, or cause or suffer to be concealed or hid, or shall not produce to the Inspection of the Officer of Excise or Gaugers such Malt, and every Part thereof, that then and in every such Case, every Person so offending, for every such Offence, shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds, or Forty Shillings for every Bushel of such Malt, at the Election of His Majesty's Attorney General, or the Person who shall sue or prosecute for the fame; and the Malt which shall be so clandestinely removed or carried away, or fraudulently concealed or hid, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise; and the Person or Persons in whole Custody or Possession such Malt shall be

Maltsters, &c. to give an Account to Officer of Malt in Possession on July 5, 1819; Maltsters to give a like Account of Malt in Possession within One Month previous to that Day, stating certain Particulars of Sale.

[Penalty.]

Duties payable on Malt Stock in hand.

[Penalty.]

Officers of Excise may enter

Premises of Maltsters, &c. to take an Account of Malt in Stock on ith July 1819.

Not suffering Officers to take Stock, or molesting them in Execution of Duty;

[Penalty.]

Clandestinely removing Malt before Duties charged, or concealing, See.;

[Penalty.]

Malt forfeited.

Persons having such Malt In Poeeetoion, &c.;

[Penalty.]

Allowance to be deducted from the Amount taken of Malt Stock in band, for the Increase.

Seller may add additional Duties to the Price of Articles contracted for.

From June 9, 1819, Distillers in Scotland to state in Request Note for Permit for Removal of Spirits for Exportation to England, whether such Spirits were extracted before that Day, &c.

On Shipment of Beer for Drawback, Exporter and Brewer to make Oath to certain Particulars,

On Shipment of Tobacco for Drawback, certain Affidavit to be made by Manufacturer.

False Statements, Penalty aooL and Forfeiture of Articles.

Regulations ontained in Acts in force relating to Tea, &c. heretofore executed by Officers of Customs, shall in

C. 53. 59° GEORGII III. A.D. 1819.

be found, who shall not before the Discovery thereof, give Notice at the next Office of Excise of the Quantity of Malt so in his, her or their Custody or Possession, shall also forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds, or Forty Shillings for every Bushel of such Malt, at the Election of His Majesty's Attorney General, or the Person who mail sue or prosecute for the same.

XII. And be it further enacted, That on all Malt which shall on the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, be in the Possession of any Maltster or Maker of Malt, Seller or Retailer of Malt, Brewer, Distiller, Innkeeper, Victualler or Vinegar Maker, or any Person or Persons in trait, or for the Use, Benefit or Account of him, her or them, or any of them, and which shall be taken account of by any Officer of Excise, and charged with the Duty on Malt Stock in hand hereby imposed, there shall be allowed and deducted from such Account, previous to such Charge of Duty, Twelve per Centum on all Brown or Porter unground Malt, and Five per Centum on all other unground Malt, for the Swell or Increase thereof, over the Quantity of such Malt charged with Duty when made.

XIII. And Whereas Contracts or Agreements may have been made for the Sale or Delivery of feme of the Articles or Commodities on which the said additional Duties of Excise are by this Act granted, which Contrafts or Agreements may have been made with no Reference to such additional Duties, and thereby the several Contractors may be materially affected For Remedy thereof, be it further enacted, That all and every Person or Persons who shall or may have made or entered into any such Contract or Agreement shall, and he and they are hereby respectively authorised and empowered, in the Case of any such Contract or Agreement, to add so much Money as will be equivalent to the additional Duty hereby granted on any such Article or Commodity respectively to the Price thereof, and shall be entitled by virtue of this Act to be paid for the same accordingly.

XIV. And Whereas Spirits extracted in Scotland before the Ninth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, for Exportation to England, are by this Act made chargeable, on the Importation thereof into England, with the Duty of Nine Shillings and Five pence Halfpenny per Gallon, and Spirits extracted in Scotland, for Exportation to England, after the Ninth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, are made chargeable on the Importation thereof into England, with the Duty of Ten Shillings and Sixpence per Gallon: And Whereas it is expedient that the Officers of Excise in Scotland should certify, on every such Shipment of Spirits for exportation to England, whether the fame was extracted before the Ninth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, until the whole of the Stock of every such Distiller extracted before that Day mall be wholly exported and brought into England; Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the Ninth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, every such Distiller as aforesaid shall, in his or their Request Note for a Permit to accompany the Removal of any such Spirits as aforesaid, specify and declare therein whether such Spirits were extracted before the said Ninth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and nineteen; and that in every such Permit the proper Officer and Officers of Excise in Scotland shall specify whether the Spirits therein mentioned are Part of the Stock of such Distiller extracted before that Day, until the whole of the Stock of Spirits of each and every such Distiller in Scotland extracted before that Day, shall be exported and brought into England; and in default thereof, any Quantity of such Spirits so imported, without such Specification as aforesaid, shall be deemed to be Spirits extracted after the Ninth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, and shall be charged with and pay the Duty of Ten Shillings and Sixpence for every Gallon thereof.

XV. And be it further enacted, That on every Shipment of Beer for Exportation on Drawback made after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, the Shipper or Exporter thereof, together with the Brewer thereof, or his Foreman or Manager, shall make oath (which Oath the Officers of Excise are hereby empowered to administer), according to the best of his and their Knowledge and Belief, that the fame has been brewed wholly from Malt which has been charged with and paid the Duty of Three Shillings and Sixpence for every Bushel thereof; and in his and their Affidavit thereof specify the time when, and the Place where, and the Brewer by whom such Beer was brewed, and that the Quantity of Malt employed in the brewing of such Beer was in the Proportion of not less than Two Bushels for every Barrel thereof; and that every Manufacturer of Tobacco who shall after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, ship for Exportation on Drawback any manufactured Shag or Roll Tobacco, shall, in his Affidavit of the Duties thereon having been duly paid, specify that the Duty of Four Shillings per Pound has been paid upon the whole of such Tobacco, and the time when, and the Place where such Duty was paid, and that if any Person or Persons shall ship any Beer or any manufactured Tobacco for Exportation on the Drawback hereby granted on Beer and manufactured Shag or Roll Tobacco respectively, or shall claim any such Drawback thereon respectively, without making such Affidavit respectively as aforesaid, no such Drawback shall be payable or paid 5 and if such Duties respectively shall be so fwora to have been paid, and shall not have been paid, or if any such shall be in any other respect false and untrue, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds; and all such Beer and Tobacco respectively shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise.

XVI. And Whereas the respective Duties payable in Great Britain, for and upon Tea, Coffee and Cocoa Nuts, Tobacco and Snuff, and upon Pepper, not being Cayenne, Long Pepper or Guinea Pepper, are by this Act made wholly Excise Duties; Be it therefore enacted, That all and singular the Powers and Authorities, Rules and Regulations, contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament in anywise relating to Tea, Coffee and Cocoa Nuts, Tobacco and Snuff, or such Pepper respectively, or to the Importation, entering, landing, warehousing, weighing, garbling, Removal, Delivery, Exportation or bonding thereof, contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament in force at or immediately before the passing of this Act, and granted to and heretofore exercised by the Commissioners and Officers of Customs, shall be, from and after the passing of this Act,

e

A.D. 1819. 59° GEORGII III. C. 53.

Act, executed, exercised and put in force by the Commissioners and Officers of Excise, for securing and collecting the Duties on Tea, Coffee and Cocoa Nuts, Tobacco and Snuff, and such Pepper respectively, hereby imposed; and that ail Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by any such Act or Acts of Parliament, for any Act or Acts which may happen to be done, or refused or neglected to be done, by any Person or Persons in any wise relating to Tea, Coffee and Cocoa Nuts, Tobacco and Snuff, or such Pepper respectively, or to the Importation, entering, landing, warehousing, weighing, garbling, Removal, Delivery, Exportation or bonding thereof, -without the Warrant, Order, Approbation or Permission of the Commissioners or Officers of Customs respectively, shall be incurred, loft and forfeited, upon the like Act or Acts being done or refused or neglected to be done, without the Warrant, Order, Approbation or Permission of the Commissioners or Officer^ of Excise, in like manner, and to all Intents and Purposes, and shall be sued for, recovered, levied, mitigated and applied, as if all and Angular such Powers and Authorities had been originally given and granted to such Commissioners and Officers of Excise respectively, and such Rules, Regulations, Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures were so inserted and contained in this present Act; any thing in any other Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, or any Three or more of them, and they are hereby authorised and empowered, by any Writing under their Hands, to make and issue such Orders, Directions and Regulations, as they from time to time shall deem necessary or expedient for facilitating the official Business to be transacted in respect to the Importation, warehousing or Exportation of Tea, Coffee, Cocoa Nuts, Tobacco, Snuff and Pepper respectively; and for more effectually and conveniently transferring, in pursuance of this Act, the Collection of the whole of the Duties on such Goods and Merchandise respectively from the Commissioners of Customs to the Commissioners of Excise; any thing in this Act, or in any other Act or Acts of Parliament, to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XVIII. And Whereas the Duties upon Tea are by Law to be computed on the Price at which the fame

shall be sold: And Whereas Tea has been unlawfully landed, and has been taken out of the Warehouse or

Storehouse in which the fame has been put, and fraudulently carried into Consumption, without being publicly ' fold, and without Payment of Duty, and by reason of such Tea not being publicly fold, no Rate or

Amount of Duty thereon could be fixed or computed; Be it therefore enacted, That whenever any Tea imported into Great Britain shall be unlawfully landed, or shall be fraudulently taken or carried away out of any Ship or Vessel, or any Warehouse, Storehouse or Place in which the fame has been lodged or put without Payment of Duty, or shall be allowed or ordered to be sold as salved, or as forfeited and condemned Goods, the Amount of Duty which attached on the Importation thereof shall be computed, and where such Duty is by Law payable, shall be paid at the fame Rate or Price at which Tea of the best Quality of the like Kind was sold at the last preceding Sale of Tea by the East India Company.

XIX. And Whereas by an Act made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, it was, ' amongst other Things enacted, that a Deduction or Allowance of One Seventh Part shall be made from and

upon every One hundred Pounds Weight of all Coffee in the Hulk, of the Growth and Produce of the Island ' of Dominica, or of any other British Colony or Plantation in America, imported into Great Britain, for which f Quantity so deducted as aforesaid no Customs or Duty of Excise shall be paid by the Importer or Proprietor

thereof: And Whereas an Allowance is by another Act, made in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, granted to the Importers, Proprietors or Consignees of any Coffee or Cocoa Nuts, at and after the Rate of Two Pounds for every One hundred Pounds Weight of such Coffee or Cocoa Nuts, as a

full Compensation for all Loss, Waste or Damage whatever, whether occasioned by garbling or otherwise; ' but Doubts have arisen whether the Allowance directed by the said former Act of the Thirteenth Year

aforesaid, was thereby repealed, and it is expedient to remove such Doubts, and to expressly repeal the said Allowance first abovementioned Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, so much of the said Act of the Thirteenth Year aforesaid as is hereinbefore recited, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

XX. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, all and every Person and Persons duly licensed to deal in, retail and fell Coffee, shall be thereby licensed and authorised to deal in', retail and fell Pepper; and that if any Person or Persons shall have or receive for Sale, or deal in, retail or fell Pepper, not being Pepper called Cayenne, Long Pepper or Guinea Pepper, without being duly licensed to deal in, retail and fell Tea and Coffee, he, (he and they shall for every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, Pepper, not being Pepper called Cayenne, Long Pepper or Guinea Pepper, shall be and the fame is hereby made subject in all things in respect of the Importation, warehousing, Removal, Sale or Exportation thereof, to all and every the Conditions, Regulations, Rules, Restrictions and Forfeitures to which East India Coffee is generally or specially subject or liable by this or by any Act or Acts of Parliament relating to His Majesty's Revenue of Excise, not hereby altered, in force immediately before the passing of this Act, save and except in the Size or Weight of the Package in which the same shall or may be imported or exported; and that all and every Dealer m. Retailer or Seller of such Pepper, shall be and is hereby made subject, with respect to such Pepper, and the Receipt, Custody, Sale, Delivery and Removal thereof, to all and every Pain, Penalty, Fine or Forfeiture of any Nature or Rind whatever, imposed on Dealers in, Retailers or Sellers of Coffee by this or by any such Act or Acts of Parliament not hereby altered, made for securing the Revenue of Excise on Coffee, or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof; and the several Clauses, Powers and Directions therein contained, with respect to Coffee, shall and are hereby directed and declared

59 Geo. III. 5 S*to

861

4

future be executed by Officers of Excise; and all Penalties, &c. imposed by such Acts extended to this Act.

Treasury may issue such Orders as they think expedient for facilitating the Transfer of the Duties from Commissioners of Customs to Commissioners of Excise.

Tea unlawfully landed or fraudulently taken from Warehouse, &c. to be charged with Duty at the Rate of the preceding Sale of Tea by the East India Company.

13 O. 3. c. 73. §3.

repealed.

From July 5, 1819, Persons licensed to deal in Coffee may deal in Pepper. Unduly dealing Penalty 5cl.

Pepper, except Cayenne, &c. subject to such Regulations as East India Coffee, except Size or Weight of Package.

Regulations for securing the Duty on Coffee extended to Pepper.

Making or selling Commodities in imitation of Pepper, iool. and Forfeiture.

From Oct ic, -3819, Distillers for Exportation to England or Scotland respectively shall yearly land and pay Duty for 19 Gallons of Spirits at the Strength of Seven per Cent, above Hydrometer Proof, for every 100 Gallons of Wort brewed. Penalty. Distillers removing Wash or Spirits^ on which the Duty has not been paid. Penalty.

Second Offence, Forfeiture of Licence, &c.

to extend to, and shall be yespectively applied, ! practised and put in execution for and in respect of; fitch Pepper, and of the Duty hereby imposed thereon, save and except as aforesaid, in as full and ample a Maimer, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if all and very the said Acts, Glaufes, Provisions, Powers, Directions, Fines, Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures were particularly repeated and re-enacted. in the; Body of this Act as to such Pepper, and to all Dealers in, Retailers or Sellers thereof.

XXII. And Whereas Commodities made in imitation of Pepper, have of late been fold and found in the*Custody and Possession of various Dealers in Pepper, and other Persons in Great Britain Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, if any Commodity or Commodities, Substance or Substances, shall be prepared or manufactured by any Person or Persons in imitation of Pepper, shall be mixed with Pepper, or sold or .delivered as and for, or as a Substitute for Pepper, or if any such Commodity or Commodities, Substance or Substances, alone or mixed as aforesaid, shall be kept for Sale, fold or delivered, or shall be offered or exposed to Sale, or shall be in the Custody or Possession of any Dealer or Dealers in, or Seller or Sellers of Pepper, the fame, together with all Pepper with which the same shall be mixed, shall be forfeited, together with the Package or Packages containing the lame, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise; and the Person or Persons preparing, manu-fasturing, mixing as aforesaid, felling, exposing to Sale or delivering the fame, or having the fame in his, her or their Custody or Possession as aforesaid, shall forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, every Distiller for Exportation to England or Scotland respectively shall, in each and every Year ending the Tenth Day of October, produce and shall duly export to and lanid. and pay Duty for, in England or Scotland respectively, as the case may be, Nineteen Gallons at the lead of Spirits at the Strength of Seven per Centum above Hydrometer Proof, for every One hundred Gallons of Wort or Wash which shall be brewed or made by such Distiller in such Year, except so much of such Spirits as shall be loft by Shipwreck; and if any such Distiller shall in any such Year fail, neglect or refuse to produce, and duly export to and land, or pay Duty for, in England or Scotland respectively, as the case may be, Nineteen Gallons at the least of such Spirits, at the Strength, aforesaid, for every One hundred Gallons of Wort or Wash which shall be brewed or made in such Year by such Distiller, and shall not, within: One Month after the .Expiration of such Year, pay Duty in England or Scotland, as the case may be, at and after, the Rate of Duty chargeable by .Law for and in respect of such Spirits so imported, for every Gallon of such Spirits below or short of such Proportion as aforesaid, which any such Distiller shall fail to land and pay .Duty for as aforesaid, every such Distiller shall, for every such Retufal as aforesaid, forfeit and lose the Sum of Twenty Shillings for every Gallon of such Spirits not landed and paid Duty for, except as aforesaid, in such Year.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any entered or licensed DistiMer or Distillers in Great Britain shall at any time after the passing of this Act conceal, remove or carry away, or cause or foffer to be concealed, removed or carried away, any Wash brewed or made for extracing Spirits, or any Spirits ext rafted in Great Britain, for or upon which the Duty payable, by Law has not been duly charged, or which shall not have been duly taken account of.by the, proper Omcer of Excise, every Inch Distiller shall for every such Offence forfeit and lose Five hundred Pounds, or Twenty Shillings for every*Gallon of such Waffi or Spirits so concealed, removed or carried away, at the Election of the Attorney General, or the Person who shall sue or prosecute for the fame 5 and the Licence of every such Distiller who shall be Twice convicted of the Offence aforesaid, shall, upon, such Second Conviction, be deemed void to all Intents and Purposes, and such Distiller shall not be entitled to any further or renewed Licence as a Distiller for the Period of Three Years from the Date of such Second Conviction.

4* G. 3. c. 38.

§7.

Beer or Ale above 18s. the Barrel, exclusive of Duty, deemed Strong, and at 18s. or under. Table Beer.

Obstruction

Officers.

Penalty aocl. Recovery and ApplicatioiLof Penalties.

XXV. And Whereas, by an Act made in the Forty second Year of the Reign of His present; Majesty,

intituled An Act for granting to Jits Majesty additional Duties on Beer and Ale brewed in or imported into Great Britain, on Malt made in Great Britain, on Hops grown in or imported into Great Britain, and on Spirits drilled 1 in Ireland, and imported into Great Britain.; for, repealing certain Allowances to Brewers of Beer end Ale, and for preventing Frauds and Abuses in the Revenue of Excise on Beer, Ale and Malt; it was anoogft other ' things enacted, that .all Beer or Ale above the Price of Sixteen Shillings the Barrel (exclusive of the Duties), should be denominated and deemed to be Strong Beer or Ale, and all Beer of the Price of Sixteen

Shillings the Barrel or under (exclusive of the Duty), should be denominatecLand deemed to be Table Beer, 1 within the Meaning of the said Act, and all 'Other Aftstrelating; to Beer or.Ale: And Whereas it is.expo-

dient, during the Continuance of the Duties now imposed upon Malt, to permit Brewers of Table Beer to

increase the Price thereof, as herein after mentioned Be it: therefore enacted, That all Beer and Ale above the .Price of Eighteen Shillings the Barrel (exclusive of the Duties), shall be denominated, deemed and taken to be Strong Beer or Ale; and all Beer of the Price of Eighteen Shillings the Barrel or under (exclusive of Duties), shall be denominated, deemed and taken to be Table Beer, within the Meaning of this Act, .amLof all other Acts of Parliament in force relating to Beer or Ale.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall.moled, disturb, ^hinder, oppose or impede.any Officer or Officers of Excise in the due Execution of the Powers and Authorities by this Act, granted, or any or either of them, except in such Cases for which .other Penalties are by this Act provided, every Person so offending shall for feitand lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, ThaLall Fines, Penallim and Forfeitures imposed or* referred , to by this Act, shall be sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated by .such Ways, Means or Methods as .any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture maybe sued.for, recovered, levied or mitigated by any Law or JLaw&of ExftfeyorSyi&ftian of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in^ny.of.His Muefty's Courts, of Record at Wefiwee^tr, or in the Court>f Exchequer in S&tlandjttfpt&w&Ly; and that One Moiety of .every such .Fine, Penalty or ]Fo«&iti«e Wll

be

A.D. 18rg; 59° GEORGII III. C. 33.-

be to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them who shall inform, discover, or fueTor*the fame.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Powers, Directions, Rules* Penalties, For- Powers of futures, Clauses, Matters and Things which in and by an Act made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of iaC. 2. c. 14. King Charles the Second, intituled An Act for taking away the Court of Wards and Liveries, and Tenures in or any L&w Capite and by Knights Service, and Purveyance, and for settling a Revenue upon His Majesty in lieu thereof, or by any other Law now in force relating to fiis MajestyV Revenue of Excise, are provided and established, /hail^extended" be practised, used and put in execution in and for the Purposes of this Act, as fully and effectually to all to this Act. Intents and Purposes, as if all and every the said Powers, Rules, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses,

Matters and Things were particularly repeated and re*enacted in this present Act.

XXIX. And be it enacted, That this Act, or any of the Provisions thereof, may be altered, varied or Act altered, &c.

repealed by any Act or Acts to be passed in this Session of Parliament. this Session.

SCHEDULES to which this Act refers.

A.

DUTIES.

i COFFEE AND COCOA NUTS. Duties.

; For and upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of all Coffee of the Growth or Produce of any British Colony or Plantation in America, or the West Indies, or Africa, which shall, j on or after the 9th Day of June 1819, be imported or brought into Great Britain; and of i all Cocoa Nuts of the Growth or Produce aforesaid, which shall, on or after the 10th Day j of October 1819, be imported or brought into Great Britain, or shall then be in the Ware-; house where the fame was deposited on the Importation thereof; and for and upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of all such Coffee, for or in respect whereof the Duties by: Law then chargeable were not fully paid before the 9th Day of June 1819, or which on j that Day were or remained in the Warehouse in which the fame were deposited before Payment of Duty, an Excise Duty of - : For and upon every Pound. Weight Avoirdupois of all Coffee which shall on or after the 9th £> Sd d»

OIO

I Day of June 1819, be imported or brought into Great Britain, and of all Cocoa Nuts which shall, on or after the 10th Day of October 1819, be imported or brought into 1 Great Britain, from any Port or Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, either by the said United Company or by Persons. authorised so to trade, or which Cocoa Nuts shall on the said 10th Day of October be in the Warehouse in which the fame was deposited on the Importation thereof; and for and upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of all such Coffee for or in respect whereof the Duties by Law then chargeable were not fully paid before the 9th Day of June 1819, or which'on that Day were, or remained in the Warehouse in which the fame were deposited before Payment of Duty, an Excise Duty of For and upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of all other Coffee which shall, on or after the 9th Day of June 1819, be imported or brought into Great Britain, and of all other Cocoa Nuts which shall, on: or after the ioth.Day of October 1819, be imported or brought into Great Britain, or shall then be in the Warehouse, where the fame was deposited on the Importation thereof; and for and upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of all such Coffee for or in respect whereof the Duties by Law then chargeable were not fully paid before the 9th. Day of June 1819, or which on that Day were or remained in the 0. 1 6

Warehouse in which the fame were. deposited; before Payment of Duty, an Excise Duty of----- i 026

MALT. For and upon every Bushel of all Malt which, from and after the 5th Day of July 1819, shall be made in Great Britain from Barley, or any other Corn or Grain, or shall be brought f from Scotbpid into England, without a Certificate from the proper Officer that it hath j paidthe full Duty of Two Shillings and Sixpence on every Bushel thereof hereby imposed, an Excise Duty of --- i 026

iAnd for and upon every Bushel of Malt, whether ground or unground, made of Barley or j of any other Corn or Grain, belonging to any Maltster or: Maker of Malt, Seller or Retailer of Malt, Brewer, Distiller, Innkeeper, Victualler or Vinegar Maker, which shall be either in Ilia Custody or Pbffession, or in the Cufbody or PosseflSn of any other Person or Persons whatever, in trull for him, her or them; or for Ins, her or their Use, Benefit or Account* in Great Britain, on thfc 5th Day of July 18*9, an Excise Duty of 5 s 2 or*

SCHEDULE A.

PEPPER.

For and upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of all Pepper, not being Pepper called Cayenne, Long Pepper or Guinea Pepper, which shall, on or after the 9th Day of June 1819, be imported or brought into Great Britain; and for and upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of all such repper, for or in respect whereof the Duties by Law then chargeable were not fully paid before the 9th Day of June 1819, or w^ch on that Day was or remained in the Warehouse in which the fame was deposited before Payment of Duty, an Excise Duty of -

SPIRITS — BRITISH.

For and upon every Gallon of all Wort or Wash brewed or made on or after the 9th Day of June 1819, from any Malt, Corn, Grain or Tilts, or any Mixture therewith, for extracting therefrom Spirits in England for Home Consumption, an Excise Duty of For and upon every Gallon of all Wort or Wash brewed or made on and after the 9th Day of June 1819, from Molasses or Sugar, or any Mixture therewith, for extracting therefrom Spirits in England for Home Consumption, an Excise Duty of For and upon every Gallon of all Wort or Wash brewed or made on or after the 9th Day of June 1819, from Foreign refused Wines, or other Foreign Material or Materials, (except Molasses or Sugar, ) or any Mixture therewith, for extracting therefrom Spirits in England for Home Consumption, an Excise Duty of - For and upon every Gallon of all Spirits extracted in England on or after the 9th Day of June r8i9, for Home Consumption, from Wort or Wash brewed or made from any Malt, Corn, Grain, Tilts or any Mixture therewith, over and above the Proportion of Nineteen Gallons of such Spirits, the whole being computed at Eight per Centum above Hydrometer Proof, for every One hundred Gallons of such Wort or Wash so distilled into Spirits, an Excise Duty of -

For and upon every Gallon of all Spirits extracted in England for Home Consumption on or after the 9th Day of June 1819, by any Distiller or Distillers in England, from any Wort or Wash for or in respect whereof trie Duty of Two Shillings for every Gallon thereof hereby imposed shall not have been charged and paid, computed at the Strength of Seven per Centum above Proof, an 'Excise Duty of -

For and upon every Gallon of all Spirits extracted in England on or after the 9th Day of June 1819, for Home Consumption, from Wort or Wash brewed or made from Molasses or Sugar, or any Mixture therewith, over and above the Proportion of Twenty one Gallons of such Spirits, the whole being computed at Eight per Centum above Hydrometer Proof, for every One hundred Gallons of such Wort or Wash so distilled into Spirits, an Excise Duty or -

For and upon every Gallon English Wine Measure of all Spirits extracted in England, and which shall be imported or brought from thence into Scotland, of a Strength not exceeding Seven per Centum above Hydrometer Proof, and so in proportion for any higher Degree of Strength not exceeding the Strength of Ten per Centum above Hydrometer Proof, to be paid by the Importer before the landing thereof, an Excise Duty of For and upon every Gallon English Wine Measure of all Spirits extracted in Scotland before the 9th Day of June 1819, and which shall be imported or brought from thence into England of a Strength not exceeding Seven per Centum above Hydrometer Proof, and so m proportion for any higher Degree of Strength not exceeding the Strength of Ten per Centum above Hydrometer Proof, to be paid by the Importer before the landing thereof, an Excise Duty of -

For and upon every Gallon English Wine Measure of all Spirits extracted in Scotland after the 9th Day of June 1819, and which shall be imported or brought from thence into England, of a Strength not exceeding Seven per Centum above Hydrometer Proof, and so in proportion for any higher Degree of Strength not exceeding the Strength of Ten per Centum above Hydrometer Proof, to be paid by the Importer before the landing thereof, an Excise Duty of

[As to the above Duty of 4*. 9fee r. 105. §1.

TEA.

For and upon all Tea fold in Great Britain by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, on or after the ift Day of June 1819, and for or in respect whereof the Duties by Law then chargeable were not before the 9th Day of June 1819 fully paid, and for and upon all Tea which shall be imported or brought into Great Britain,

Duties.

0 2 6

0 2 0

0 2 6

036

o 10 6

O I 3i

on o

0 4 9l

09Si

o 10 6

A.D. 1819. 59° GEORGII III.

G.53.

SCHEDULE A. Duties.

Tea — continued. an Excise Duty of Ninety six Pounds per Centum on Tea sold at such Sales at or under Two Shillings per Pound Weight, and One hundred Pounds per Centum on all Teas sold at such Sales above Two Shillings per Pound Weight, to be computed upon the Gross Prices at which such Tea was or shall be sold. The said Duty on all Tea sold by the East India Company to be paid by the Purchasers thereof respectively to the said Company, and by the said Company to the Commissioners of Excise. TOBACCO AND SNUFF. For and upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of all Tobacco of the Growth or Production of His Majesty's Colonies, Plantations, Islands or Territories in America, or the West Indies, or of the United States of America, or of any of the Territories or Dominions of the Emperor of Russia, or of the Ottoman or Turkish Empire, which shall, on or after the 9th Day of June 1819, be imported or brought into Great Britain, and of all Tobacco which shall, on or after that Day, be imported or brought into Great Britain from any Port or Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, either by the said United Company, or by Persons authorised so to trade 5 and for and upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of all such Tobacco, for or in respect whereof the Duties by Law then chargeable were not fully paid before the 9th Day of June 1819, or which on that Day was or remained in the Warehouse in which the fame was deposited before Payment of Duty, an Excise Duty of - - - For and upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of all Tobacco of the Growth, Production or Manufacture of the Plantations or Dominions of Spain or Portugal, which shall, on or after the 9th Day of June 1819, be imported or brought into Great Britain; and for and upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of all such Tobacco, for or in respefik whereof the Duties by Law then chargeable were not fully paid before the 9th Day of June 1819, or which on that Day was or remained in the Warehouse in which the lame was deposited before Payment of Duty, an Excise Duty of For and upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of all Snuff (not being Irish Snuff) which shall on or after the 9th Day of June <819, be imported or brought into Great Britain; and for and upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of all Snuff for or in respect whereof the Duties by Law then chargeable were not fully paid before the 9th Day of June 1819, or which on that Day was or remained in the Warehouse in which the fame was deposited before Payment of Duty, an Excise Duty of - £ , d. 030 030 050

B.

COUNTERVAILING DUTIES.

BEER. Countervailing Duties.

For and upon every Barrel confiding of Thirty fix Gallons Englifti Beer Measure, of Irish Strong Beer, Ale or Mum, which shall be imported or brought into Great Britain directly from Ireland, an Excise Countervailing Duty of ... £> / d. O 16 2

MALT.

For and upon every Bushel of Malt made in Ireland, and imported or brought from thence into Great Britain unground, an Excise Countervailing Duty of - 036

SPIRITS.

For and upon every Gallon English Wine Measure of Spirits, which shall, on or after the 9th Day of June 1819, be extracted in Ireland and imported or brought from thence into England, at a Strength not exceeding Seven per Centum above Hym-ometer Proof, and so in proportion for any greater Degree of Strength not exceeding Twenty one per Centum above Hydrometer Proof, an Excise Countervailing Duty of Oil O

afifr c. 53.

59° GEORGII hl

A.D. 18-i9,

SCHEDULE F. Countervailing Dudes.

Spirits — continued, For and upon every Gallon Englifti Wine Measure of Spirits, which shall, on or after the 9th Day of June 1819, ke extracted in Ireland and imported or brought from thence into Scotland, at a Strength not exceeding Seven per Centum above Hydrometer Proof, and so in proportion for any greater Degree of Strength not exceeding Twenty one per Centum above Hydrometer Proof, an Excise Countervailing Duty of For and upon every Gallon English Wine Measure of Spirits, which shall, on or after the 9th Day of June 1819, be extracted in Ireland, and imported or brought from thence into Scotland, and from Scotland into England, at a Strength not exceeding Seven per Centum above Hydrometer Proof, an Excise Countervailing Duty-of' [As to the above Gomuttrvading Duty of 5l. $\d* fee c. 105. §1* soft*] TOBACCO AND SNUFF. For and upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of unmanufactured Tobacco of the Growth or Produce of Ireland, and of all Irish raamifactured Tobacco, which (balloon or after the 9th Day of June.1819>.be imported or brought into Great Britain, an Excise Countervailing Duty of - - - --For and upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Irish manufactured Rappee Snuff, which shall, on or after the 9th Day of June 1819, be imported jot brought into Great Britain, an Excise Countervailing Duty of - For and upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Irish manufactured Brown Scotch Snuff, which shall, on or after the 9th Day of June 1819, be imported or brought into Great Britain, an Excise Countervailing Duty of - For and upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Irish manufactured Scotch Snuff, and of all other Irish manufactured Snuff not before particularly mentioned, which shall, on or after the 9th Day of June 1819, be imported or brought into Great Britain, an Excise Countervailing Duty of - - - £ u- d. 5 3i 046 0 4. 0 036 0 3 4 049

c.

DRAWBACKS.

BEER.

Drawbacks.

For and upon every Barrel of Strong Beer or Ale made in Great Britain, above Eighteen £ t d

Shillings per Barrel, exclusive of the Duty, and not being Two penny Ale, mentioned /#

and delcnbed in the Seventh Article of the Treaty of Union with Scotland, which shall be duly exported to Foreign Parts as Merchandise, and which shall be proved to have been brewed after the cth Day of July 1819, from Malt for which the Duties hereby imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, a Drawback of - - - .0162

SPIRITS — BRITISH.

For. and upon every Gallon of Spirits extracted in Great Britain and exported to Ireland after the 5th Day of July 1819, at the Strength of Seven per Centum above Hydrometer Proof, ' and so in proportion for any greater Degree of Strength, not exceeding that of Twenty one per Centum above Hydrometer Proof, a Drawback in respect of the Malt used and contained in the Extraction of such Spirits - - - -006

TOBACCO.

For and upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Shag, Roll or Carrott Tobacco, manufactured at any of the Ports of Great Britain into which; Tobacco may be lawfully imported, or within Two Miles thereof, from Tobacco for which the Duties hereby imposed in respect thereof fheH have been paid, and which shall be exported as Merchandise b)* the* Manufacturer thereof from' such Ports to Foreign Parts, a Drawback of - - o 5 61

A*B. 19,

59° GEORGII III. C. 54. #67

CAP. LIV.

An Act to carry into effect a Convention of Commerce concluded between His Majesty and the United States of America, and a Treaty with the Prince Regent of Portugal.

[2d July rSrpi]

WHEREAS a Convention of Commerce and Navigation was concluded between His Majesty and the Convention,

United States of America, bearing date the Third Day of July One thousand eight hundred and dated 3d July, fifteen, for Four Years from the said Date: And Whereas an Act was passed in the Fifty sixth Year of the I^I*

4: Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to carry into effect a Convention of Commerce concluded 3* 15«

between His Maycjly and the United States of America: And Whereas another Act was passed in the fame 36 Grj* c; yi. 4 Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, intituled An Act to amend an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to carry into elsed a Convention of Commerce concluded between His Majesty and the United States of AmericaAnd Whereas another Act was passed in the Fifty seventh Year of His said 57 g. 3. c. 58. Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to allow British Goods to be exported direct from this Country to the United States of America, upon the fame Terms as when exported to any Foreign Country: And Whereas a further Coronation,

Convention of Commerce and Navigation has been concluded between His Majesty and the United States dated. acth of America, dated the Twentieth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, whereby in the x^x*

Fourth Article all the Provisions of the aforesaid Convention, concluded on the Third Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, except as therein excepted, are extended and continued in force for the Term of Ten Years from the Date of the Signature of the said further Convention: And Whereas it is expedient to give effect to such Parts of the said Convention as require the Sanftiqp of Parliament, and to make further Provisions than are contained in the said recited Acts passed in the Fifty sixth and Fifty seventh Years of His said Majesty's Reign; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty,

- by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Acts passed in the Fifty sixth and Recited Acts Fifty seventh Years of His present Majesty's Reign, shall be and the same are hereby repealed. repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That upon the Importation into any Part of the United Kingdom, of any Goods of the Goods, Wares or Merchandise, being the Growth, Production or Manufacture, of any of the Territories of Produce of the the United States of America, imported direct from the said Territories in any Ship or Vessel built in the United States Countries belonging to the said States, or any of them, or taken by any of the Ships or Vessels of War belonging to the Government or any of the Inhabitants of the said States, having Commissions or Letters of pay

Marque and Reprisal, from the Government of the said States, and condemned as lawful Prize in any Court the like .Duties of Admiralty there, such Ship or Vessel being owned by the Subjects of the said States, or any of them, aa Goods inland whereof the Master and Three fourths of the Mariners are also Subjects of the said States, no higher or P<*edm Bri-other Duties shall be charged or paid, than such as are charged and payable upon Goods, Wares and Vessels. Merchandise, of the like Denomination or Description, being the Growth, Production or Manufacture, of any of the Territories of the United States of America* and being imported in British built Ships or Vessels navigated and registered according to Law; any thing contained in an Act passed in the Forty ninth Year 490^3. c.?#. of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled Act for repealing ibe several Duties of Customs chargeable in Great Britain, and for granting other >Duties in lieu thereof or.any other Act to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, That all Goods, Wares, Merchandise and Effects imported in any Ship Goods so or Vessel built in the said United States of America, or condemned as Prize there, and being owned and imported in

navigated as hereinbefore mentioned, shall and may be sold by Auction free of the Duty imposed by Law American built oon Goods and Effects sold by Auction: Provided nevertheless, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend, sojjb Auction or be deemed or construed to extend, to authorise the Sale of any such Goods or Effects free of the said-Duty, free of that ainless on the First Sale of such Goods or Effects by or for the Account of the original Importer thereof, Duty, by whom the fame were entered at the Custom House at the Port of Importation, nor unless such Sale shall Excepctoos.

Jbe made within Twelve Months next after the time when such Goods or Effects shall have been so imported.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the fame Duties shall be paid or payable on the Exportation of all The«a»e Goods, Wares and Merchandise of the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of Great Britain* exported direct Bulks on*, from thence to any Port or Place within the Territories of the United States of America in British built Ca!uU^ IJri_ Ships owned, registered and navigated according to Law, or in Ships built in the United States of America, tish butir Vfc*. r condemned as Prize there, and being owned and navigated act hereinbefore mentioned, as are or shall be setotoAnadt*

payable on the.Exportation of the like Articles to Europe to Euw*

V. And. be rit further enacted, That upon the Exportation from the United Kingdom to the United States Same Bounties xd Americaoi any Goods, Wares or Merchandise, the Growth, Production or Manufacture of the said United allowed on Ex-

Kingdom or any of His Majesty's Territories in Europe, in any Ship or Vessel built in the said United States jof America, or condemned as Prize there, and being owned and navigated as hereinbefore mentioned, the American btfih fame Bounty or Allowance shall be paid as at the time of such Exportation may be allowed upon the Export- Vessels as fc» ation thereof*to the said States in any British built Shppor Vessel navigated and registered according to Law. British built.

VI. And Whereas it is expedient that Vessels built in the Countries belonging to the United States of Vessels of America* or aay of them, or condemned as Prize there, «id being owned and - navigited as hereinbefore American buik mentioned, should be allowed to clear ont fromarty Part of the United Kingdom for the principal Settlements ^7or certa^ 4 of the British Dominions in the East Indies* videlicet* Calcutta, Madras, Bombay and Prince of Wales's Island* ^ritisli Settlewith any Articles which may legally be exported from the United Kingdom to the said Settlements in ments in the British built Ships* Be it therefore further enacted, That all Vessels built in the said United States of East Indies,

America* subject to the

868 C. 54.

59° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1819.

1 Regulations as British built Vessels.

Proviso for Package, &c. payable to the City of London or any other Corporation.

Duties leviable on American and Portuguese Vessels entering the Ports of this Kingdom, to be the same as those payable on British Vessels.

America, or any of them, or condemned as Prize there, and being owned and navigated as hereinbefore mentioned, shall be allowed to clear out from any Port of the United Kingdom for the following principal Settlements of the British Dominions in the East Indies, videlicet, Calcutta, Madras, Bombay and Prince of Wales*s Island, with any Goods, Wares or Merchandise which may be legally exported from the United Kingdom to the said Settlements in British built Vessels, subject to the like Rules and Regulations, restrictions, Penalties and Forfeitures as are now by Law imposed upon the Exportation of such Goods to the said Settlements in British built Ships, any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this A A contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to repeal or in anywise alter the Duties of Package, Scavage, Bailage or Portage, or any other Duties payable to the Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens of the City of London, or to the Lord Mayor of the said City for the time being, or to any other City or Town Corporate within Great Britain, or any other special Privilege or Exemption to which any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, is or are now entitled by Law in respect of Goods imported and exported, but the same shall be continued as heretofore.

VIII. And Whereas by the aforesaid Convention it is provided, that no higher or other Duties or ' Charges shall be imposed in any of the Ports in any of His Majestys Territories in Europe, on the Vessels of the United States of America, than shall be payable in the fame Ports on British Vessels: And Whereas a

similar Provision was made in a Treaty of Amity, Commerce and Navigation, concluded between His Majesty and His Royal Highness The Prince Regent of Portugal, dated the Nineteenth Day of February One 1 thousand eight hundred and ten: And Whereas certain Rates and Duties, under the Denomination of Light

Duties, Pilotage, Ballad, Buoyage and Beaconage Rates, Harbour Duties and other Dues, are now payable 1 by Law, Charter, special Privilege or Grant, to the Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford Strond, to

the Trustees of Ramsgate Harbour, to other Bodies Politic and Corporate, and to sundry Persons in whom such Rates and Duties may be veiled respectively on Foreign Ships and Vessels, over and above the Rates and Duties payable on British Ships: And Whereas it is expedient that the Object of the said Treaties should be

effectually carried into execution Be it therefore enacted, That no higher or other Rates or Duties shall be levied on Ships or Vessels of the United States of America, or on Portuguese Ships or Vessels entering or touching at any of the Ports of the United Kingdom, or of His Majesty's Territories in Europe, than are now or which may become hereafter payable on British Ships.

IX. And Whereas it is. expedient that the said Corporation, Trustees of Ramsgate Harbour, other

Bodies Politic and Corporate, and sundry other Persons, in whom such Rates and Duties are veiled

respectively, should be indemnified for the Loss sustained by means of this Adi* Be it further enacted, That the Difference in such Cases between the Rates and Duties due and payable on British Ships, and those payable on Foreign Ships, shall be paid out of the Consolidated Duties of Customs; and for the more ettedlual Security of the Public Revenue in respect of any Claims which in virtue of this Act may be made, all and every such Claim or Claims shall be transmitted by the aforesaid Trustees, Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Persons interested, or their Agent or Agents, to the Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford Strond, who are hereby required to examine the fame, and being satisfied as to the Corredlness thereof, are to certify the fame accordingly, under the Hand of their Secretary or other proper Officer, together with such Claim as the said Corporation may have, to the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs in London Quarterly, for their Order for the Payment thereof; and the said Commissioners are hefeby required to direct Payment of such Claims out of the Consolidated Duties of Custopis to the said Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford Strond; and the said Corporation are hereby required, after retaining what may be due as their Right, to pay over to the Trustees of Ramsgate Harbour, to other Bodies Politic and Corporate, and to the sundry Persons in whom such Rates and Duties may be veiled respectively, the Amount of their respective Claims, subject only to such incidental or other Charges as have heretofore been made in the Collection of such Rates and Duties.

X. And in order that the Objects of the said Treaties may be more fully effected, be it further

enacted, That so much of the said Duties of Package, Scavage, Bailage or Portage, or any other Duties

payable to the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, or to the Lord Mayor of the said City for the time being, as have been heretofore paid for or on account of American or Portuguese Ships, or American or Portuguese Subjects respectively, shall, after the passing of this Act, be paid out of the Consolidated Duties of Customs to the Collector appointed to receive such Duties; and the said Collector for the time being is hereby required to transmit to the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs, Quarterly, an Account or Certificate of such Duties payable on Foreign Ships, and by American or Portuguese Subjects, for or on account of Merchandise imported or exported by them; the Amount of which Quarterly Accounts or Certificates, after due Examination, and being satisfied as to the Corredlness thereof, the said

dated Duties of Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs are hereby required from time to time to order to be paid to the

Customs. , said C0lle6lor for the time being out of the Consolidated Duties of Customs accordingly.

XI. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, amended or repealed by any Act or Acts to be paffi?l in this Session of Parliament.

XII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue in force so long as the aforesaid further Convention between His Majesty and the United States of America, and the aforesaid Treaty between His Majesty and His Royal Highness The Prince Regent of Portugal, and so long as any Treaty to be made with any Foreign Power with the similar Provision hereinbefore recited, shall respectively continue in force.

Certain Corporations to be paid the Difference of Duties on British and Foreign Vessels out of the Consolidated Duties of Customs.

Duties of Package, &c. payable to Corporation of London on account of American or Portuguese Subjects, payable in like manner out of the Consoli-

Act altered, &c. this Session.

[Continuance of Act.]

A.D. 1819. 59° GEORGII III.

G. 55, 56. 869

CAP. LV.

An Act to extend the Provisions of Three Acts of the Fifty second, Fifty third, and Fifty seventh Years of His present Majesty, for allowing British Plantation Sugar and Coffee, and other Articles imported into Bermuda in British^Ships to be exported to America in Foreign Vessels, and to permit Articles, the Produce of America, to be imported into Bermuda in Foreign Ships, to certain other Articles.

[2d July 1819.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fifty second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled 5*G.3- c. 79.

An Act to allow British Plantation Sugar and Coffee, imported into Bermuda in British Ships, to be exported to the Territories of the United States of America in Foreign Ships or Vessels; and to permit Articles, the Production of the feud United States, to be imported into the said Island in Foreign Ships or Vessels: And Whereas

an Act was passed in the Fifty third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for further allow- 53 G. 3. c. 50. 1 ing the Importation and Exportation of certain Articles of the Island of Bermuda: And Whereas an Act was

passed in the Fifty seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to extend the Powers of Two 57 G. 3. c. 28.

Acts, for allowing British Plantation Sugar and Cojfeey and other Articles imported into Bermuda in British Ships, 1 to be exported to America in Foreign Vessels; and to permit Articles, the Produce of America, to be imported into the said Island in Foreign Ships, to certain other Articles: And Whereas it is expedient that the said Acts Should be extended, so far as regards the Articles to be allowed to be imported and exported; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual

and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That in American addition to the Articles enumerated in the said Acts, it shall be lawful to import from the United States into Rosin may be the Ports mentioned in the said Acts above recited, in Vessels of the Description therein Hated, and under "P01^ the like Authority, Restrictions, Rules, Regulations, Penalties and Forfeitures provided in the said recited Acts, the Article of Rosin, being the Produce or Manufacture of the said States; and in addition to the Articles, Pro-Articles permitted to be exported by the said above recited Acts, to export from the said Island of Bermuda duce of Ber-to the said United States, in such Vessels and under such Regulations as aforesaid, all Articles, the Produce muda, may be or Manufacture of the said Island, and all Articles whatever which shall have been legally imported into the United States, fame in any British Ship or Vessel.

CAP. LVI.

WHEREAS an Act passed in the Fifty fourth Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for regulating the Payment of Navy Prize Money, and the Transmission of Accounts and Payment of Balances to Greenwich Hospital: And Whereas another Act passed in the Fifty eighth Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to male further Regulations respe8ing the Payment of Navy Prize Money, and to authorise the Governors of Greenwich Hospital to pay over certain Shares of Prize Money due to Ruffian Seamen to Hu Excellency the Ruffian Ambassador: And Whereas it is expedient that other Regulations should be made with respect to the Receipt and Payment of Navy Prize Money* Be it epadled by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Loras Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That such of the Provisions of the said herein -beforementioned Act of the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty relating to the licensing of Agents by the Treasurer of His Majesty's Navy, as are altered by this Act, and such of the Provisions of the said hereinbefore mentioned Act of the Fifty eight n Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relate to Orders made or to be made by Petty Officers and Seamen, Non Commissioned Officers of Marines and Marines, Supernumeraries or Boys, shall be and the same are hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Person within the United Kingdom to receive any Wages, Pay, Prize Money or Bounty Money, or Money in the nature of Bounty Money, due or to become due to any Petty Officer, Seaman, Non Commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, Supernumerary or Boy, for or on account of his Services respectively on board any of His Majesty's Ships, or in the Capture of any Fortress upon the Land, or any Arms, Ammunition, Stores of War, Goods, Merchandise or Treasure, on any conjundl Expedition of Sea and Land Forces, under any Orders made or hereafter to be made by any Petty Officer or Seaman, Non Commissioned Officer of Marines or Private Marine, Supernumerary or Boy, other than Persons who shall be duly licensed in the manner herein after mentioned for that Purpose: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to prevent any such Petty Officers, Non Commissioned Officers, Seamen or Marines, Supernumeraries or Boys, from giving such Orders to receive their Wages, Pay, Prize Money or Bounty Money, to their Wives, or to the Persons in the several Degrees of Relationfnip following; that is to say, Parents, Children, Brothers or Sifters of such Petty Officers, Seamen, Marines, Supernumeraries or Boys; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, That if any Person who shall falsely represent himself or herself to be within any of the Degrees of Relationship in Blood as before described, in order to enable himself or herself to receive any Prize Money or Bounty Money, or Share of Prize Money or Bounty Money, due or to grow due for or on account of the Services of any such Petty Officer, Non Commissioned Officer, Seaman or Marine, Supernumerary or Boy, under any such Order as aforesaid 5 or who, hot being within any such Degree of 59 Geo. III. 5 T Relationship,

54 G. 3. c. 93. 58 G. 3. c. 64.

Certain Provisions of recited Acts repealed.

None but Persons duly licensed can receive Wages, Prize Money, &c. under Orders.

Proviso for Orders to Wives or Relations to receive.

Persons falsely representing^themselves as Relations, &c. in order to receive such Wages or Prise

870 C. 56.

59° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1819.

Honey, or receiving not being duly licensed. Misdemeanor.

Persons, before acting as Agents for receiving Wages, &c. to take out a Licence from

enter into a Bond in Penalty of 50CI.

Fee for Licence, beside Stamp Duty;

f Sic. to be in force Three Years.

Licence may be revoked for Misconduct.

Relationship, and not being licensed as aforesaid, shall receive any Wages, Pay, Prize Money, Bounty Money or other Allowances of Money for the Use of any such Petty Officer, Non Commissioned Officer, Seaman or Marine, Supernumerary or Boy; or if any Agent or Person, whose Licence shall have been revoked as herein after mentioned, shall offer himself to receive or shall receive any such Wages, Pay, Prize Money, Bounty Money or other Allowance of Money, not being within any of the Degrees of Relationship aforesaid, and be thereof duly convicted, shall be deemed guilty of a Misdemeanor, and punished accordingly.

IV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, every Person not being a Prize Agent, and having given Security as such in the Sum of Five thousand Pounds according to the Provisions of the said Act passed in the Fifty fourth Year of His present Majesty, shall, before he can lawfully aft as an Agent for receiving the Wages, Pay, Prize Money, Bounty Money or other Allowances of Money, of any such Petty

___ Officers, Non Commissioned Officers, Seamen or Marines, take out a Licence for that Purpose from the

the Treasurer of Treasurer of His Majesty's Navy for the time being, who is hereby authorised and empowered to grant the the Navy, and fame to such Person as the said Treasurer shall in his Discretion consider fit and proper to be licensed for that Purpose; and the Person so approved by the said Treasurer to be licensed shall, previously to his receiving his Licence to act as such Agent, enter into a Bond with Two sufficient Sureties, to be jointly and severally bound to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, in the Penalty of Five hundred Pounds, that such Person so taking out such Licence shall demean himself properly, and duly account to all Persons for whom or for whose Use any such Wages, Pay, Prize Money or Bounty Money, shall have come to his Hands, Form of Bond, which said Bond shall be in the Form set out in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (A.): Provided nevertheless, that this Act shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to prevent such Agents as have already taken out Licences from the Treasurer of His Majesty's Navy, in conformity to the said Act of the Fifty fourth Year of His present Majesty, from acting as such licensed Agents during their respective existing Licences.

V. And be it further enacted, That f every Licence granted in pursuance of this Act the Sum of Twenty Shillings, and no more, over and above any Stamp Duties that may be due and payable thereon, shall be paid by the Person taking out the fame, to the Paymaster of Incidents in the said Office of the Treasurer of the Navy, towards the incidental Expences therein incurred, which Licence shall be in force for the Term of Three Years from the Date thereof (unless previously revoked by the Treasurer of the Navy), and no longer.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if after the taking out of any Licence granted in conformity with this Act, it shall appear to the Treasurer of His Majesty's Navy for the time being, that any such licensed Agent hath abused the Trust reposed in him, by not duly accounting to any Person or Persons by whom he shall have been empowered to receive any such Wages, ray, Prize Money, Bounty Money or other Allowances of Money as aforesaid, for the Sum or Sums of Money received by him in that he half, or by practising any Fraud or Imposition on any such Person or Persons, then and in that Case it shall and-may be lawful for the said Treasurer, by any Writing under his Hand to be delivered to such licensed Agent, or left at his last or most usual Place of Abode, or Place where his Business of Agency shall be carried on, to revoke the Licence so to be granted or taken out as aforesaid; which Revocation, if such Agent's Place of transacting Agency Business shall be in London, or within the Bills of Mortality, shall be published in the London Gazette; and if in the Country, or out of the said Bills of Mortality, also in some public Newspaper in circulation at or near to the Place where such Agent shall transact his Business of Agency, for the Information of all Per-

Power of Agent fons interested in Wages or Prize Money, and thenceforth the Power and Authority of such Agent to demand to cease. and receive Wages, ray, Prize Money, Bounty Money and other Allowances of Money, due or to grow due

on account of the Services of any such Petty Officers, Non Commissioned Officers, Seamen or Marines, Supernumeraries or Boys, shall abfohitely cease and determine.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the Names and Places of Abode, and of transacting Agency Business of every such licensed Agent, shall be inserted in a List, and hung up in the Hall of the Navy Pay Office in Somerset Place, and in some conspicuous Place in each of the Navy Pay Offices at the several Out Ports of the United Kingdom, for the Inspection of all Persons who shall resort thither on Business; and which Lifts shall be renewed from time to time as occasion may require.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That as often as any such licensed Agent shall remove or change his given by Agents Office or Place of conducting the Business of Agency, he shall, within Fourteen Days after every such Re-of Removal. moval or Change of Place, give Notice thereof in Writing to the Treasurer of His Majesty's Navy, and to the

Clerk of the Cheque of Greenwich Hospital -for the time being, on pain of forfeiting for every Neglect thereof Penalty 5c!. the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

In case of

IX. And be it further enacted, That in case any licensed Agent shall become bankrupt, all Orders made

Bankruptcy of under or by virtue of former Acts of Parliament which shall he in his Possession, or to which he may be entitled ^available" at t*me Bankruptcy, shall be available against the said Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich

for Sums ad- for much Money only as shall be proved to the Satisfaction of the Treasurer and Clerk of the Cheque of vanced thereon, the said Hospital to have been advanced upon such Orders by the Agent in whose Favour the said Orders are made.

X. And be it enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, all Orders made by Petty Officers and Seamen, Non Commissioned Officers df Marines and Marines, Supernumeraries or Boys, and others entitled to Prize or Bounty Money, Grant or other Allowances of Money in the nature thereof, shall be in the Form or to the Effect set forth in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (B.), and shall contain in the Body of such Orders the Value in Money and Goods* advanced by the Person m whose Favour such Order is made to the Person making the same; and a Certificate shall be printed on the Back of the Paper containing such Order,

according

Notice of Revocation published in London Gazette, &c. and thereupon

Names, &c. of Agents to be hung up in the Navy Pay Office.

Notice to be

Form of Orders for Payment.

AJXiSi^ 59° GEORGII III. C. 56. 871

accorcfing to the Form or to the Effbft. set forth in the Schedule ta this Act annexed, marked (C.), which Form of Certi-

Certificate shall particularly state whether the Person making the Order is known to the Person signing such ficat£«to the

Certificatey or by whom he is represented to be the Person entitled to make such Order, and the said Cer- ?ight

tificate shall be signed as directed at the Foot of the said Schedule; and the Treasurer and Clerk of the ^lvlD

Cheque of the said Royal Hospital shall ply upon every such Order, out of the Money belonging to the

Person making the Carney so much as shall appear to be due to the Payee named therein, with legal Interest

thereon (if the Amount of the Share of the Person making such Order will admit of such Interest being

paid), and no more; and at the Foot of such Certificate shall be set out and scheduled an Inventory of any Form of Inveit-

Goods furnished. by the Payee to the Person making such Order, together with the Prices charged for the tory of Goods

respective Articles in such Schedule contained, which Schedule shall be witnessed by the same Person or furnished.

Persons as shall sign the Certificate of the due Execution of the Order, after examining the Party making such Order to the Correftnefa of the said Particulars, and which said Schedule or Inventory shall be in the Form or to the Effect in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (D.)

XI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, all Orders made in pursuance Orders declared thereof, or in pursuance of the said Act of the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty, by Petty Officers irrevocable, and Seamen, Non Commissioned Officers of Marines or Private Marines, or others entitled to Prize or Bounty Money, Grant or other Allowances of Money in the nature thereof, and also all Orders made under or by virtue of any former Act or Acts which shall not have been revoked before the passing of this Act, shall be and the same are hereby declared to be irrevocable.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall knowingly insert, or cause to be Falsifying inserted in any Order for die Payment of Prize Money, Bounty Money, Grants or other Allowances of Dates of Or-Money payable by the Commissioners and Governors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, or by ders» Misde-their Treasurer, any other Date than the Day on which the said Order shall be executed, or shall knowingly meanor* present or utter any Order bearing any false Date as aforesaid, such Person or Persons shall for every such Offence be deemed guilty of a Misdemeanor, and punished accordingly.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, the Payment of Prize Payment of Money upon Orders, except such Orders as shall be certified by the Clerk of the Cheque of the said Royal Prize Money Hospital, in manner herein after mentioned, shall be confined to the Treasurer and Clerk of the Cheque of "P011 Orders, Greenwich Hospital; and that no Agent or Agents appointed for the Distribution of any Navy, Prize or except 83 Bounty Money, Grant or other Allowances of Money, whether arising from or given in consequence of J^nflnedto* coni un ft Expeditions or Services by the Navy only, shall pay any Share or Shares of the Non Commissioned Treasurer, &c.' Officers, Seamen or Marines, or Supernumeraries or Boys entitled thereto, upon any Order or Letter of of Greenwich Attorney or other written Power or Authority whatsoever, except certified as herein after mentioned, but Hospital, shall pay the same to the said Non Commissioned Officers, Seamen, Marines and Supernumeraries or Boys

upon their respective Applications only, upon pain of forfeiting for every Payment made otherwise than as directed in this Act, the Sum of Fifty Pounds, to be recovered by and in the Name of the Treasurer of Penalty, the said Royal Hospital.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Persons licensed as Agents by the Agents to trana-

Treasurer of the Navy as aforesaid, and for the Relations of Persons entitled as aforesaid, and they are mit Orders to

hereby required and directed, after the Advertisement notifying that the Account of Sales of any Prize or Clerk of the

Prizes is about to be brought into foe Registry of the High Court of Admiralty pursuant to the Cheque for

Provisions of the said hereinbefore mentioned Act of Parliament of the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign wh^a"theD* of His present Majesty, or immediately after the Execution of such Orders, to transmit or deliver Expiration of to the Clerk of the Cheque of the said Royal Hospital all or any Orders which such licensed Agents 30 Days, may may have received in conformity with the Provisions of this or any former Act, from Persons entitled fertifV that he to Prize Money, Bounty Money, Grant or other Allowances of Money; which Orders, so delivered 13 satisfied.

or transmitted as aforesaid, shall remain for Examination with the said Clerk of the Cheque at the said Royal Hospital for the Space of Thirty Days, at the Expiration of which time the said Clerk of the Cheque shall certify upon the said Orders respectively, whether he is satisfied that the same are respectively executed in compliance with the Provisions of the several Laws in force respecting such Orders; and the Agent for the Certified Orders Distribution of the respective Prizes named in the said Orders shall only pay to the licensed Agent, or such onlyt0 he paid. Relations as aforesaid, during the time of Distribution, and upon such Orders only as are certified for Payment by the said Clerk of the Cheque; and that in case any Order made previously to the passing of the said Act Orders made of the Fifty eighth Year of His present Majesty, shall be unpaid.at the Decease of the Party making the same, previous to then so much only as shall have been actually advanced upon the said Order, to be proved to the Satisfaction S^G-3- c. 6<* of the Clerk of the Cheque, and certified by him, shall be paid thereon.

XV. And be it further enacted, That in case the whole Money due to the licensed Agent upon any Order If Money due

made and certified as aforesaid, shall not have been folly paid or satisfied at the time of the fame being returned on any such to the said Royal Hospital by the Agent appointed for Distribution of any Prize or Prizes, then it shall be* .^ot

lawful for the said Clerk of the Cheque of the Royal Hospital, and he is hereby directed upon any other, clerk of the* Prize or Bounty Money, Grant or other Allowances of Money ta which the said Order relates, coming into Cheque to again Distribution, or upon any Second or further Payment being made thereon, to transmit or deliver to the certify same ta Agent employed in such Distribution or further Payment, the mid; Order certified as aforesaid, or a Certificate Pr"e AgenU of tha Money fUU remaining due thereon, in order to enable the licensed Agent' named in the (hid Order to-

receive full Satisfaction- for the Sum remaining due and unpaid; thereon'; , add the Agent to whom the said Order or Certificate shall be delivered as aforesaid shall pay the Residue of the Money payable and unsatisfied upon foe said Order; and the said Order or Certificate being returned to the said Clerk of the Cheque upon

5 T 2 the f

872 C. 56.

59° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1819.

Prise Agents not to commence Distribution till 30 Days after Notification in the Gazette; and before giving such

the delivering of the Accounts of the said Distribution shall be a good and sufficient Voucher for the Money paid thereon. '

XVI. And be it enacted, in order to enable the said Clerk of the Cheque to examine and certify such Orders as hereinbefore directed, That no Agent or Agents appointed for the Sale and Distribution of any Prize or Prizes, Bounty Money, Grant or other Allowances of Money in the Nature thereof, shall commence Distribution until the Expiration of Thirty Days from the Insertion in the Gazette of the said Notification, that the Account of Sales is about to be brought into the High Court of Admiralty 5 and every Agent appointed for the Purposes aforesaid shall, and he is hereby required, on or before the Insertion of the said Notification in the London Gazette, to deliver to the Clerk of the Cheque of the said Royal Hospital, a true

_.and perfect Copy of the Distribution Lift of the respective Prizes to which the said Notification refers;

deliver^1I^t<of Lift, or a Copy thereof, shall be returned by the Clerk of the Cheque to the Agent furnishing the same.

Prizes to the at ^e Expiration 01 the time allowed by Law for Distribution by the said Prize Agent; and every Prize Agent who shall refuse or neglect to furnish such Lift as aforesaid shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds; all which Orders, so certified and paid upon as aforesaid, shall be delivered to the Treasurer of the said Royal Hospital as Vouchers at the time directed by Law for rendering Accounts, and paying over the Balances of the respective Distributions of any Prize or Prizes.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons really entitled to Prize or Bounty Money, Pension Money, Grant or other Allowance of Money on account of Services on board of any Ship or Vessel, shall, by the Production of any false Certificate, or by making any false Representation, obtain or endeavour to obtain from the said Royal Hospital, or from any licensed Agent, the said Prize or Bounty Money,

i^false*Certifi- Een^lon Money, or other Allowance of Money so due to him as aforesaid, such Person or Persons shall be cates, &c. Mis- deemed guilty of a Misdemeanor, and shall forfeit all Prize or Bounty Money, Pension Money, Grant or other Allowance of Money due to him on account of his said Services.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall willingly or knowingly personate, or falsely assume, or cause, procure, aid or assist any Person to personate or falsely assume, the Name or Character of any Commissioned Officer, Warrant or Petty Officer, or f Seamen, or any Commissioned or Non Commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, Supernumerary or Boy, or any other Person entitled or supposed

Clerk of the Cheque.

Penalty icol.

Persons entitled to Prize Money endeavouring to obtain Payment by false C cates, &c. demeanor.

Falsely assuming Name and Character of others entitled

&c^owin^OI&c., to be entitled to any Wages, Pay, Prize Money, Bounty Money, Pension Money or other Allowances of Letters of Attorney, &c. to receive Wages,

&c., taking false Oath to obtain Probate,

&c.

f Sic.

Death.

Prize Agents to transmit Copy

Money, for or in respect of Services performed or supposed to have been performed on board of any Ship or Vessel of His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors; or shall personate or falsely assume the Name or Character, or shall assist in personating or falsely assuming the Name or Character of the Wife, Widow, Executor or Administrator, Relation or Creditor of any such Officer, Seaman or other Person, in order to receive any Wages, Pay, Prize Money, Bounty Money, Pension Money or other Allowances of Money due or supposed to be due for or in respect of the Services of any such Officer, Seaman, Marine or other Person as aforesaid, performed or supposed to have been performed on board of any Ship or Vessel of His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors 5 or shall falsely make, forge, counterfeit, or alter or cause or procure to be falsely made, forged, counterfeited or altered, or willingly act or assist in the false making, forging, counterfeiting or altering any Letter of Attorney, Order, Bill, Ticket, Certificate of Service, or other Certificate whatsoever, Assignment, last Will, or other Power or Authority whatsoever, in order to receive or to enable any other Person to receive any Wages, Pay, Prize Money, Bounty Money, Pension Money or other Allowances of Money due or supposed to be due for or in respect of the Services of any such Officer, Seaman, Marine, Supernumerary or Boy, or other Person as aforesaid, performed or supposed to have been performed on board any Ship or Vessel of His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, with intention to defraud any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate whatsoever; or shall utter or publish as true, or shall aid or assist in uttering or publishing as true, any false, forged, counterfeited or altered Letter of Attorney, Order, Bill, Ticket, Certificate of Service, or other Certificate whatsoever, Assignment, last Will, or other Power or Authority whatsoever, knowing the same to be false, forged, counterfeited or altered, in order to receive any Wages, Pay, Prize Money, Bounty Money, Pension Money or other Allowances of Money due or supposed to be due for or in respect of the Services of any such Officer, Seaman, Marine, Supernumerary or Boy, or other Person, as aforesaid, performed or supposed to have been performed on board of any Ship or Vessel of His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, with intention to defraud any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate whatsoever; or shall willingly and knowingly take a false Oath to obtain the Probate of any Will or Wills, or to obtain Letters of Administration, in order to receive or to enable any other Person to receive any Wages, Pay, Prize Money, Bounty Money, Pension Money or other Allowances of Money due or supposed to be due for or in respect of the Services of any such Officer, Seaman, Marine, Supernumerary or Boy, or other Person as aforesaid, performed or supposed to have been performed on board of any of His Majesty's Ships or Vessels, His Heirs or Successors, or shall demand or receive any Wages, Pay, Prize Money, Bounty Money, Pension Money or other Allowances of Money due or supposed to be due for or in respect of the Services of any such Officer, Seaman, Marine or other Person as aforesaid, performed or supposed to have been performed on board any of His Majesty's Ships or Vessels upon or by virtue of any Probate of any Will or Letters of Administration, knowing the Will on which such Probate shall have been obtained to be false, forged and counterfeited, or knowing the Probate of such Will, or such Letters of Administration, as last aforesaid, to have been obtained by means of any such false Oath as aforesaid, with intention to defraud any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate whatsoever, then every such Person or Persons so offending, and being thereof convicted according to due Course of Law, shall be deemed guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as a Felon without Benefit of Clergy.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That every Agent or other Person authorised and empowered to receive any Prize or Bounty Money or other Monies as aforesaid, shall, within Ten Days after he shall have rendered to

the

A.D. 1819. 59° GEORGII III. C. 56.

the Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital or his Deputy, and verified his Statement and Account of the Proceeds and Distribution of any such Prize or other Monies, deliver or transmit to the Treasurer or Paymaster of His Majesty's Navy a Copy of such Statement and Account (the Charge for copying the fame being allowed to the said Agent), under the like Penalty for Neglect as is by this Act imposed for neglecting to render such Statement and Account to the Treasurer of the said Royal Hospital, or his Deputy,

SCHEDULES to which this Act refers.

SCHEDULE (A.)

JTNOW all Men by these Presents, That we ofand

of are jointly and severally held and firmly bound to our Sovereign Lord

the King, and to the Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital for the time being, in the Sum of Five thousand Pounds of lawful Money of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, current in England, to be paid to our said Sovereign Lord the King, and to the Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital for the time being,

or either of them, or their certain'Attorney, Successors or Assigns, for which Payment to be well and truly

made we bind ourselves and each of us, our and each of our Heirs, Executors and Administrators, firmly

by these Presents. Sealed with our Seals, dated the Day of in the

Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord George the by the Grace of God of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and in the Year of our Lord

One thousand eight hundred and

THE CONDITION of this above written Obligation is such, that if the above bounden shall duly execute his Trust in all Matters of Prize Agency that shall be committed to his Care, and if the above bounden his Executors or Administrators, do and shall in all things conform to the

Rules, Regulations and Provisions of the several Acts now in force with respect to Prize or Bounty Money, Grants or other Allowance of Money, " as far as the said Acts relate to licensed Agents, then this Obligation to be void, or else to remain in full force and virtue.

SCHEDULE (B.)

ORDER for the Payment of Prize or Bounty Money, Grant or other Allowances in the nature thereof.

Not revocable.

This Order is signed at in the County of on the Day of 18

4 AT Seven Days' Sight pay to

out of the Amount of my Share of the nature thereof, for the Capture of or Vessel the

To the Treasurer of Greenwich

or his Order, the Sum of Prize or Bounty Money, Grant or other Allowance of Money in while I was serving on board His Majesty's Ship for Value advanced to me by the said Hospital and Clerk of the Cheque there.

SCHEDULE (C.)

CERTIFICATE.

rPHIS is to certify, That the within Order was signed in my [or our] Presence by the said

who is known to me [or represented to me by of ] to be the Person who was serving in quality of on board His Majesty's Ship or Vessel the

4 at the Captures in the said Order mentioned.

Witness my [or our] Hand at in the County of this

Day of 18

} Captain, or Minister and Churchwardens of the said Parish of

Note. — This Certificate to be signed by the Captain or Commanding Officer, and One other Signing Officer of the Ship to which the Party belongs.

If discharged from the Service, and resident at any Place where there is a Deputy or Agent of the Hospital, to be signed by that Deputy.

If within Four Miles of the Hospital, by the Clerk of the Cheque or his First Clerk.

If at any other Place within the Bills of Mortality, by the Officer for Prizes in the Navy Pay Office or his Assistant.

If by Marines at Head Quarters where there is no Deputy to the Hospital, to be signed by the Colonel or Commanding Officer and the Adjutant.

If by any Person at Sick Quarters, to be signed by the Surgeon and One of his Assistants 5 but where there is a Deputy, to be signed by such Deputy.

If at any other Place in England, to be signed by the Minister and One of the Churchwardens; and if in Scotland, by the Minister and One of the Elders.

SCHE.

873

of verified Accounts to Treasurer of the Navy.

[Penalty.]

74 C. 5.6, 57.

59? Georgii iu.

A.D. 1819.

SCHEDULE (D.) The following are the Particulars acknowledged by the said by him, and to be the Consideration for the within Order.

[Here state Particulars.]

Witness

to have been received

38 G. 3. c. 89.

453-

No Salt or Rock Salt to be weighed with Turn of Scale.

Net Quantity specified in Permit and Bond.

Salt or Rock Salt delivered Dutyfree, not to be forfeited for Excess above Weight and Quantity specified in Permit, unless Fraud.

Excess of more than 5 lb. per Cwt. in Stove dried Salt, and alb. per Cwt. in all other Salt and Rock Salt, conclusive Evidence of Fraud,

57 G. 3. c. 49. §19.

CAP. LVII.

An Act to alter and amend certain Laws of Excise in respect to Salt and Rock Salt;

[2d July 1819.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to alter and amend certain Laws of Excise, with respect to Salt and Rock 4 W Salt: And Whereas by an Act made in the Thirty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

' intituled An Act for transferring the Management of the Salt Duties to the Comrruffioners of Excise; and for i repealing the Duties on Salty. and the Drawbacks, Allowances and Bounties paid thereout, asul for granting other ' Duties, Drawbacks, Allowances and Bounties thereon; it is amongst other things enacted, that in all Cases

where any Officer or Officers of Excise is or are authorised, empowered or required to ascertain the Quantity

of Salt or Rock Salt by Weight, no less Quantity of such Salt or Rock Salt shall be weighed: at; one

Draught than Two Buffiels, save and except in any Case where the whole: Quantity of Salt or Rock Salt to be delivered at any one time shall be less than Two Buffiels; and every such Officer or Officers* on

weighing any Salt or Rock Salt, shall give the Turn of the Scale in favour of the Crown, and in lieu thereof

shall make an Allowance at and after the Rate of Half a Pound Weight in every Two Buffiels of such

Salt or Rock Salt: And Whereas it is expedient to make such Alteration in the said Law as herein after mentioned; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, .by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal*, and Commons, in this pFelent Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, no Salt or Rock Salt shall be weighed by any Officer or Officers with such Turn of the Scale as aforesaid, nor shall any Allowance as aforesaid be made on: the weighing of any Salt or Rock Salt; save and except when and at the time that any Salt or Rock.Salt is.deliveredL from the Salt Work, Pit or Mine, where the lame has been made or raised, or any Warehouse belonging thereto, and in which such Salt or Rock Salt has been deposited without Payment of Duty; and that in every Permit which shall be granted, and in every Bond which shall be given or entered into for the Removal of any Salt or Rock Salt, the Net Quantity only of the Salt or Rock Salt to be removed shall be specified; and that any Officer or Officers who shall at any time thereafter reweigh any such Salt or Rock Salt, shall weigh and take his or their Account thereof in net Buffiels and Pounds only, and without giving any such Turn of the Scale, or making any such Allowance as aforesaid 5 any thing in the said Act, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And Whereas all Salt and Rock Salt found removed or removing without a true and lawful Permit

accompanying the fame, or under a false Description, are by Law forfeited and liable to be seized; Be it therefore enacted, That no Salt or Rock Salt which shall have been delivered free of Duty, shall be forfeited or liable to Seizure for or on account of any Excess in the Weight or Quantity thereof over and above the Weight and Quantity specified in the Permit granted for the Removal of and accompanying the fame, which shall or may be found by any Officer or Officer* of Excise on his or their reweighing or taking an account thereof, when such Excess ffisjl appear to have been occasioned by Accident and without Fraud; and such Excess shall be thereupon continued with the Bulk of such Salt or Rock Salt, and such Excess shall be indorsed upon the Back of the Permit accompanying such Salt, or if necessary a new Permit shall be granted for the Removal of the whole: Provided always nevertheless, that whenever any such Excess shall be found to exceed the Quantity specified in the Permit granted for the Removal of and accompanying- fudi Salt or Rock Salt, in a greater Proportion than at and alter the Rate or Proportion of Five Pounds Weight for every One hundred Pounds Weight of such Salt, if Stove dried Salt, or Two Pounds Weight for every One hundred Pounds Weight of all other Salt or Rock Salt respectively mentioned in such Permit, such greater Excess shall be deemed and taken to be express Proof and conclusive Evidence of Fraud; and all the Salt or Rock Salt respectively so found removed or removing shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

III. And Whereas by an Act made in the Fifty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majestyv intituled An Act for altering and amending the Laws, of Excise. with rejjpe3 to.Salt and.Rock Salty it is among it other things enacted; that if there shall be delivered out of any Ship, Flat, Boat, Barge or other Vessel used or employed for carrying or removing Salt or Rock Salt delivered Dutyfree, on her Arrival at the Place of her Destination, a less Quantity of Salt or Rock Salt than was. respectively loaded on board thereof for any such Removal as aforesaid, the Master or other Person commanding such Ship, Flat, Boat, Barge or other Vessel shall forthwith pay to the nearest Collectoc.of Excise, the foil Amount of tha-Duty of Fifteen Shillings for every Buffiel of the Salt or Rock Salt respectively so deficient, and foia proportion for any less Quantity; and such Ship, Flat, Boat, Barge or other Vessel shall and may be: seized and detained by any Officer of Customs or Excise in the LJnited Kingdom-of Great Britain- and Ireland; until the fame.*shall be paid, and also all Expences attending or occasioned by such Seizure and Detention; except in certain Cases'in the said Act in that behalf mentioned 5 And Whereas it is expedient to make a further Exception

in

A.D. 1819. 59° GEORGII 1IL C. 57.

4 in this respect Be-it therefore rnafted, That no such Duty shall be demanded or paid, or any such Deten-

tion as last aforesaid be made, for or in respect df any Salt*or crushed Rodk Salt so found deficient in any ^Quantity of Salt or crushed Rock Salt respectively, which shall have been shipped without Payment of Duty and on Bond, to be removed and carried Coastwise for the purpose of curing and preferring Fish, or for making Oxymuriafce Acid, or"Oxymuriate of Dime, unless the Quantity so found deficient as aforesaid shall exceed*the Rate or Proportion of One Pound Weight in or upon every One hundred Pounds Weight of such Salt or cniftied Rock Salt respectively so shipped and removed as last aforesaid, and for and upon such Excess only, unless upon Proof to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of Excise, that such Deficiency was occasioned.by Fraud, in which Case such Duty as aforesaid shall be payable and paid, and such Detention shall be made -for and in respect of the Whole thereof; and every Officer and Officers of Excise seizing or detaining any Salt ar Rock Salt, or any Ship or other Vessel, for any Cause of Forfeiture or Detention mentioned in this or any other Act or Acts of Parliament relating to Salt or Rock Salt, shall and they are hereby required forthwith to report such Seizure or Detention, with all the Circumstances attending the fame, to the Commissionei's of Excise.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in all such Cases as last aforesaid, in which such Deficiency shall not exceed the Rate or Proportion last aforesaid, the Commissioners of Excise in England or Scotland respectively shall, unless they shall be satisfied that such Deficiency was occasioned by Fraud, forbear to put in suit any Bond given or entered into for the Removal of any such Salt or crushed Rock Salt as last aforesaid, and order the same to be cancelled and discharged 5 any thing in the said Act made in the Fifty seventh Year aforesaid to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

V. And Whereas it is by the said Act, made in the Fifty seventh Year aforesaid, enacted, that in case any Sah or Rock Salt removing from One Part of the Kingdom of Great Eritain to any other Part thereof, or shipped for Exportation to Ireland, shall be lost or destroyed by a Leak or Leaks accidentally or unavoidably lprung by any Flat, Barge, Boat or other Vessel, during such Carriage or Conveyance of such Salt or Rock Salt, and satisfactorily shown to the Officer of Excise at the Port or Place of Discharge, before or at the time of the Delivery of such Salt or Rock Salt respectively, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Owner, Proprietor or Shipper of such Salt or Rock Salt, or Captain, Consignee or Agent, to make such Application, and for. such Proceedings to be had thereon, and for the Commissioners of Excise to grant such Relief, as are authorised, directed or required by the said Act, upon and under the Terms, Conditions and Restrictions therein mentioned: And Whereas it may happen that such Salt or Rock Salt may be lost or destroyed by Water accidentally and unavoidably, and by the Perils of the Sea, being received and taken into the Hold of such Ship or other Vessel, during such Voyage as aforesaid, without the Master or Commander being able to (how to such Officer as aforesaid the Leak or Leaks by which such Water so entered,

but the Fast of such Entrance of Water, and the consequent Loss and Destruction of the Salt or Rock Salt, may be (hown to such Officer as aforesaid at the time of the Delivery of such Salt or Rock Salt, by the State and Condition of the Salt or Rock Salt remaining in the Hold of such Ship or other Vessel, and may thereby with other Evidence be satisfactorily proved: And Wherea9 it is expedient that such Relief as is provided and given as aforesaid by the said Act shall be granted and extended to every such Case; Be it therefore further enacted, That whenever by the Perils of the "Sea, and not from the Want of Seaworthiness of the Ship or other Vessel at the time of the Loading thereof, or of reasonable or proper Care, any Salt or Rock Salt shall or may be lost or destroyed during any such Voyage as aforesaid, by Water accidentally and unavoidably, and by the Perils aforesaid, taken or received into the Hold of any such Ship or other Vessel; and the Master or Mate of such Ship or other Vessel shall at the time enter a faithful, true and regular Account in the Log Book of such Ship or other Vessel, of such Event, or of his or their Reasons for believing or apprehending the same to have taken place; and such Master or Commander and Mate, if both are living, or if both are not living, if the Survivor and One other Seaman, or if neither Master or Mate are living, if Two of the Seamen of and belonging to such Ship or other Vessel, shall, within Twenty four Hours after the Arrival of such Ship or other Vessel at her Port or Place of Discharge, and before any Part of the Sah or Rock Salt on board thereof shall be unloaded or discharged, produce such Log Book, with such Entry as aforesaid, imaltered or defaced, together with a true Copy thereof, to the Collector, Supervisor, or other proper Officer of Excise at the said Port or Place, and verify the fame and such Entry as aforesaid by and upon their Corporal Oaths (which Oath the Collector, Supervisor and Officers of Excise respectively, are hereby authorised to administer), and shall then leave such Copy as aforesaid with such Collector, Supervisor or Officer of Excise as aforesaid, and such Loss or Destruction shall afterwards, from the State and Condition of such Salt or Rock 6alt, on the Delivery thereof from on board such Ship or Vessel, and by other satisfactory Evidence, be proved to have taken place from such Cause as aforesaid, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the Owner, Proprietor or Shipper of such Sah or Rock Salt, or Captain, Consignee or Agent as aforesaid, to make such Application, and -for such Proceedings to be had thereon, and for such Commissioners, if satisfied wkh such Proofs as aforesaid, to grant the like Relief, as are mentioned, authorised, directed or required in and by the said Act, as if such Salt or Rock Salt had been lost or destroyed by a Leak or Leaks satisfactorily shewn to the Officer of Exdfein the manner mentioned and required by the said Act.

VI. And Whereas by the said Act, made in the Fifty seventh Year aforesaid, if the Commissioners of Excise shall be dissatisfied with any such Examination ar Certificate as are in the said Act mentioned, touch-

ing or relating to any Loss of Sak or Rock. Salt as therein mentioned, they are hereby authorised and required, within Fourteen Days, to Signify the same to the Party or Parties making the Application on

which such Examination has been taken, and give to such Party or Parties a Notice of Appeal to the Justices of the foid; County, or of the County from which fuuh.Sait or Rock Salt shall have been shipped,

4 at

*75

Vessels carrying Salt or Rock Salt for Fishery, &c. Coast*tee onBtmd/ttOt detained Chough desirering less than their Cargoes, &c.

Officers to Report Seizures.

Bond cancelled where Deficiency does not exceed ilb. per Cwt.

57 &.3. c. 49.

§6j.

Relief for Salt or Rock Salt lost by Leak of any Vessel, extended to Looses by any accidental Entrance of Water.

How such accident to be

verified' to Commissionafo.

J7 <5. 3*c. 49-§ 66. repealed.

876 C. 57.

59° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1819.

4 at the Quarter Seffioris of the P^ace wWh shall be holden in and for the said County next after such Certificate shall have been received by them as aforesaid: And Whereas such Appeal is unnecessary, incon-

venient and expensive* Be it therefore enacted, That so much of the said Act as authorises or requires such Appeal by the said Commissioners, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed; and that if such Commissioners respectively shall, on the Receipt of any such Certificate as aforesaid, refuse to grant such Relief as is provided by the said Act, by allowing to the Maker or Proprietor of the Salt or Rock Salt therein mentioned, out of the Duties on Salt which shall next become due and payable from such Maker or Proprietor, the full Amount of the Duties proved to have been paid for such Salt or Rock Salt as shall, in the Examinations thereby certified, be mentioned to have been lost or destroyed, or by cancelling or vacating the Bond given fot* the Delivery of such Salt or Rock Salt, as the case may happen to be, then and in every such Case

appeal to Quar- respectivety* it shall and may be lawful to and for the Party or Parties who shall have made such Application, ter Sessions or for the Proprietor or Shipper of such Salt or Rock Salt, within Fourteen Days next after such Refusal shall have been communicated in Writing to him or them, together with Grounds and Reasons for such Refusal, to give notice of Appeal, and to appeal against such Refusal, to the Justices at the next Quarter Sessions after the Expiration of such Fourteen Days, to be holden in and for the County nearest to which the Loss shall have happened, or to the Place where such Salt or Rock Salt shall have been shipped, or shall have been respectively discharged, at the Option of such Party or Parties, Proprietor or Shipper as aforesaid; and for such Proceedings to be had thereon, and in like manner, as if such Certificate had been that the Fadls required by the Act to be proved upon Oath had not been proved; and also, that every Decision by the said Commissioners upon any such Certificate shall be communicated to the Party or Parties making the Application in Writing, and with all due Diligence and Dispatch after the Receipt by such Commissioners of such Certificate, and that the Grounds and Reasons of their Refusal to grant Relief thereon as aforesaid shall be dated and communicated in Writing therewith; and that it shall and may be lawful for the Party or Parties making such Application as aforesaid to make, in like manner as is mentioned in the said Act, further Proof in support thereof, in answer to or Satisfaction of the Objections made by such Commissioners to the granting of such Relief as aforesaid: Provided always, that no further Proof shall be made as aforesaid, or received by such Commissioners respectively, after the Expiration of Twenty eight Days from the time of such Refusal of the said Commissioners respectively being communicated as aforesaid.

VII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases mentioned in thfc said Act or in this Act, where Salt or Rock Salt exported from Great Britain to and delivered at any Port or Place in Ireland, shall be taken account of at such Port or Place by the Officer of Customs there, and not by any Officer of Excise, the Oath and Oaths directed by this Act, or by any other Act of Parliament, to be made touching or relating to the Conveyance, Loss or Delivery of Salt or Rock Salt, shall be made before such Officer or Officers of the Customs (which Oath and Oaths respectively he and they are hereby respectively authorised to administer) 5 and such Officer and Officers of the Customs respectively in Ireland shall weigh and take account of such Salt and Rock Salt, and shall and are hereby required to exercise and perform all the Powers, Authorities and Duties touching or relating to the Conveyance, Loss or Delivery of such Salt or Rock Salt, as are directed, imposed, given or granted by the said Acts or this Act to any Officer or Officers of Excise in Great Britain in respect of Salt or Rock Salt removed Coastwise.

38 G. 3. c. 89. 1

VIII. And Whereas all Fish Curers, before they are allowed or permitted to receive into their Custody

94.*or Possession any Salt or Rock Salt Duty free, for the purpose of curing or preserving Fish, are bound by

Law to give Bond or Security, to be approved of by the Commissioners of Excise, or the Person or Persons appointed by them for the due Application of and accounting for all such Salt: And Whereas it is usual

for Fish Curers to enter into such Bonds as aforesaid, together with Two other Persons as their Sureties;

and it is deemed expedient to make other Regulations in the Case of Fish Curers receiving small Quantities only of such Salt or Rock Salt; 9 Be it therefore enacted, That every Fish Curer who shall give notice in Writing to the proper Officer of Excise of the Division or District in which the Warehouse or Storehouse by him or her intended to be made use of for the keeping of Duty free Salt or Rock Salt shall be situate, of his or her Intention to receive in any One Year, ending on the First Day of May, no more than Four Buffiels of Salt or Rock Salt Duty free, for the purpose of curing and preserving Fiffi, shall be allowed and permitted, upon giving Bond with Condition as by Law is in that behalf required, but without Sureties, and in the Penalty of only Ten Pounds, to receive into his or her Custody and Possession, Duty free, for the purpose of curing and preserving Fish, any Quantity or Quantities of Salt or Rock Salt not exceeding Four Buffiels in the whole in any One Year, ending on the First Day of May, under and subject nevertheless to all the Rules, Regulations, restrictions, Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures, to which any other Fish Curer or Fiffi Curers is or are by Law subject or liable: Provided always, that if any Fiffi Curer who shall have given such Notice of his or her Intention to receive in any One Year as aforesaid, no more than Four Buffiels of Salt or Rock Salt as last aforesaid, and such Bond as aforesaid, shall afterwards be desirous of receiving in the same Year any further Quantity of Salt or Rock Salt, he or she shall be allowed, and at liberty so to do, on first duly accounting with the proper Officer for so much of such Four Buffiels of Salt or Rock Salt as he or she shall have already received as aforesaid, and upon giving Bond as by Law is required in that behalf from other Fiffi Curers who have not given any such Notice as aforesaid.

IX. And Whereas if on weighing, taking account of and balancing the Stock of Salt in the Custody or Possession of any entered Fiffi Curer or Fiffi Curers in the Month of May9 there shall appear to be any Salt deficient in Quantity, which such Fiffi Curer or Fiffi Curers shall have received or had in his, her or their Custody or Possession free of Duty in the Year last preceding, making an Allowance for the whole Quantity of Salt which such Fiffi Curer or Fiffi Curers shall have legally and truly delivered into the Custody or Possession

of

Refusal of Commissioners to gfpmt Relief upon Certificate to be stated in Writing, with their Reasons for such Refusal; and Party may

against such Refusal.

Decision of Commissioners communicated to Party in t Writing.

Party may make further Proof.

Officers of Customs in Ireland substituted for Officers of Excise in respect to Salt or Rock Salt exported from Great Britain to Ireland.

Fish Curers giving Notice to Officer of Intention to n ceive no more than Four Bushels of Salt or Rock Salt, allowed to receive it Duty-free.

Such Fish Curers may receive more Salt or Rock Salt upon giving the usual Bond.

38 G. 3. c. 89.

IOJ.

A.D. 1819. 590. GEORGII III. C. 57.

of any other Fish Curers in the Course of such lall preceding Year, and also making an Allowance at and after the Rates and Proportions by Law granted for the Salt employed and consumed by such Fish Curer

and Fish Curers, in such lall preceding Year, in curing and preserving the Fish cured, preferred and produced

within such Year to the proper Officer, then and in such Case all the Salt so deficient is deemed and taken to be Salt illegally disposed of, or misapplied by such Fish Curer or Fish Curers 5 and such Fish Curer and Fish Curers

for every Bushel of Salt so found deficient as aforesaid, forfeits and loses the Sum of Seventeen Shillings 1

And Whereas the Penalty of the Bond entered into and given by every Fish Curer, before he, she or they shall be allowed or permitted to receive into his, her or their Custody and Possession, any Salt or Rock

Salt free of Duty, for the purpose of curing and preserving Fish, may become forfeited by the Sale or Misapplication of any Part of such Salt or Rock Salt, or by any other Breach of the Condition of the said Bond, to the great Prejudice of the Sureties of such Fish Curer or Fish Curers, who will thereupon become liable to a Penalty exceeding the immediate Injury which His Majesty may have sustained by such Offence Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, no Person or Persons being the Surety or Sureties of or in the Bond given by any Fish Curer or Fish Curers as aforesaid, shall pay, under the Penalty of any such Bond so forfeited as aforesaid, any greater Sum than what would have been the Amount of the Duties upon the Salt or Rock Salt so found deficient, or fold, delivered or misapplied as aforesaid, if such Quantity of Salt or Rock Salt had been legally taken out of any Warehouse for Home Consumption upon Payment of Duty, together with the Colts and Expences incurred or paid by His Majesty for and in the Recovery thereof, and that upon Payment thereof, all Proceedings on any such Bond against any such Surety or Sureties as aforesaid shall cease: Provided always, that if it shall appear to the Commissioners of Excise, that any such Person or Persons as aforesaid shall have been a Party or Privy, Parties or Privies to any such Deficiency, Sale, Delivery or Misapplication of any Part of such Salt or Rock Salt as aforesaid, he, she and they shall be subject and liable to pay the whole Penalty of any such Bond so forfeited as aforesaid; and it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, in the Name of His Majesty's Attorney General, to sue for and recover the same to and for*His Majesty's Use.

X. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Fifth Day of July, no Bond given or entered into for the Exportation or for the Removal of Salt or Rock Salt, shall be put in suit or prosecuted for any Forfeiture of the Penalty thereof, unless Notice shall, within Twelve Calendar Months from the Date thereof, be given by the Commissioners or some Officer of Excise to the Obligors or Tome Obligor of and in such Bond, of the Default in the Performance of the Conditions thereof.

XI. And be it further enacted, That no Bond given or entered into by any Fish Curer or Fish Curers shall be put in suit or prosecuted for any Forfeiture of the Penalty thereof, unless Notice shall, within Twelve Months from the Expiration of the time for performing the Condition thereof, be given by the Commissioners or some Officer of Excise to such Fish Curer or Fish Curers, of his, her or their Default in the Performance thereof.

XII. And be it further enacted, That in all Bonds given, entered into or required under any Law or Laws of Excise, for securing the Duties upon Salt or Rock Salt for the Exportation or Removal of Salt or Rock Salt, or the due Delivery, Employment or Application thereof, the Penalty of every such Bond shall be a Sum not less than One hundred Pounds added to the Amount of the Duties now payable upon Salt made in England and taken out for Home Consumption, calculated on the Quantity of Salt or Rock Salt mentioned in the Condition of such Bond, if such Duties do not exceed the Sum of One hundred Pounds, nor more than Double the Amount of such Duties on such Quantity of Salt or Rock Salt, where such Duties exceed One hundred Pounds, and are less than One thousand Pounds; and that in all C^es where such Duties so calculated are One thousand Pounds or upwards, the Penalty of such Bond shall be a Sum equal to the Amount of such Duties calculated as aforesaid, and of One thousand Pounds, together with Twenty five Pounds per Centum on such Duties; any thing in this or any other Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIII. And Whereas it was provided by the said Act, made in the Fifty seventh Year aforesaid, that nd crushed Rock Salt, or crushed, fused or solid Salt, or coloured or dyed Salt, delivered Duty free for the Use of the Fisheries, should, after the Month of April One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, be removed in any Flat, Barge, Boat or other Vessel, or in any Waggon, Cart or other Carriage, in which any Salt of any other Description, or uncrushed Rock Salt, should be put or laid 5 and that no crushed Rock Salt, crushed, c fused or solid Salt, or coloured or dyed Salt, should be delivered to any Fish Curer after the Month of April One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, who should not make Entry to use coloured or dyed Salt, and crushed, fused or solid Salt, and crushed Rock Salt only, for curing and preserving Fish, or should after the time last aforesaid have any Duty free White Salt in his, her or their Custody or Possession for that Purpose;

and that no Fish Curer or Fish Curers who should at any time after the Month of April One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, receive, have or take into his, her or their Custody or Possession any White Salt delivered Duty free for curing or preserving Fish, or any other Person or Persons, not making Entry and

giving Bond as thereinbefore mentioned, or not being a Fish Curer or Fish Curers, and making sentry and giving Bond as thereinafter mentioned for any such Warehouse thereinbefore mentioned; or not being a Fish Curer or Fish Curers, and making Entry and giving Bond as thereinafter mentioned, for the Receipt and Use of coloured or dyed Salt, or crushed, fused or solid Salt, or Crushed Rock Salt, for curing and preserving Fish; or not being a Glass Maker, or Maker of Oxygenated Muriatic Acid, or Oxymuriate of Lime, should have, receive or take into his, her or their Custody or Possession any British coloured or dyed

Salt, or any crushed, fused or solid Salt, or any crushed Rock Salt (not being delivered and shipped for and«in the Course of Exportation) under the Penalty and Forfeiture therein mentioned: And Whereas for the

59 Geo. III. 5 U 1 purpose

877

Sureties of Fish Curers shall not be liable under their Bonds to more than the Amount of Duties and Costs, unless pfivy to the Fraud by which the Bond is forfeited.

Bond on Removal, &c. put in suk. Notice.

So as to Bond'* entered into, by Fish Curece.

Bond limited to Penalties herein mentioned.

57 <j. 3. ..49.

§36-

78 C. 57.

59° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1819.

Extended to Xprfi i8az.

fVoviso as to Fish Curers accounting for dyed, &c. Salt weaetved in the

*8 G. 3. c. 89, I 9>*°-

C. 65.

0 G. 3. c. 60.

5*

April One thousand eight hundred and twenty one; Be it therefore enacted, That the several Provisions hereinbefore recited, shall not nor shall any of them commence or take effect, until from and after the Month of April One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, any thing in the said Act to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that in the Months of May One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, One thousand eight hundred and twenty, and One thousand eight hundred and twenty one respectively, all and every Fish Curer and Fish Curers, who shall have in the Year and before the Month of April px&x&ng, received or used both coloured or dyed, or cruihed, fofed or Rock Salt, and also White Salt, {half account for all dyed or coloured preceding Year. Salt, and all crushed, fofed o» Rock Salt, received in the preceding Year, under the same Rules, Restrictions, Regulations and Allowances as are provided by Law with respect to White Salt delivered Duty free for the Fisheries.

XIV. And Whereas by an Act made in the Thirty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for transferring the Management of the Salt Duties to the Commissioners of Excise, if any Foreign Salt or other Salt imported into Great Britain, shall not be entered and landed, and the Duty payable thereon be fully paid withm Twenty Days after such Report, as is therein directed, has or ought to hate been made, all such Salt (hah be forfeited; provided that any such Foreign Salt duly imported may, upon due Entry thereof, be forthwith, and before Payment of the Duty, landed, weighed and put into such Warehouse, Storehouse or Cellar, and under focn Bond or Security for Payment of the E)uties as is and are in that behalf therein directed: And Whereas by an Act made in the Thirty ninth Year of the Reign of His present M^efty, for, amongst other things, amending the said Act made in the Thirty eighth Year aforesaid, any Person within Twelve Months after the Importation and landing of any such Foreign Salt, may take free of Duty, for the purpose of immediately exporting the fame in any Ship or Vessel, not of less Burthen than Forty Tons, to Newfoundland, for curing Cod Fish, Ling or Hake, to be there caught, any Quantity exceeding Fifty Bushels at a time, of Foreign Salt, from and out of any Import Warehouse, Storehouse or Cellar, at either of the Ports of Poole, Dartmouth, Falmouth or Glasgow, into which the fame has been put, according to the Regulations of the said Act made in the Thirty eighth Year aforesaid, upon such Person or Persons first giving such Bond or Security as by the said Act made in the Thirty ninth Year aforesaid is in that behalf directed; and by another Act made in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the like Permission is granted in respect to Foreign Salt lodged in any Import Warehouse, Storehouse or 57 G. 3* c. 49.*Cellar, at the Port of Bristol; and by the said Act made in the Fifty seventh Year aforesaid, the like Per-"*mission is granted in respect to Foreign Salt lodged in any Import Warehouse, Storehouse or Cellar, at

Plymouth: And Whereas ft would be convenient to permit any Cargo of such Foreign Salt as may be duly brought or imported as aforesaid into any of the aforesaid Ports, to be within such Twenty Days as aforesaid transhipped in any of such Ports from the Ship or Vessel in which the fame may be so imported, into any other such Ship or Vessel as aforesaid, as may then be lying in such Port, ready and about to fail and depart for Newfoundland, for the purpose of curing Cod Fish, Ling or Hake, to be there caught, without the fame being first landed and warehoused in such Port* Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person -.or Person8, by and with the Consent and Approbation of the Commissioners of Excise, and in the Presence

meSoned^may Officer of Excise, to weigh, deliver and tranship within such Twenty Days as aforesaid, in any

be there tran- of the aforesaid Ports, any Cargo of Foreign Salt, from and out of the Ship or Vessel in which the same shall shipped for or may have been duly imported into such rort, into any other Ship or Ships, or Vessel or Vessels, not being Newfoundland of less Burthen than Forty Tons, then lying in such Port ready and about to fail and depart from thence for ^thout bang Newfoundland, for the purpose of curing Cod Fish, Ling or Hake, to be there caught, on such Person or wirelM)U8ecj# Persons first giving such Bond or Security as is in that behalf directed by the said Act, made in the Thirty ninth Year aforesaid, and without such Salt being first landed and warehoused in such Port; any thing in the Timeof sailing recited Acts or any of them to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding: Provided always, that if any Ship or Vessel into which any Salt shall be so transhipped as aforesaid, shall not proceed upon her Voyage within Twenty Days after such Transhipment, Wind ana Weatherpermitting, all such Salt shall be unshipped and warehoused unaer the Provisions of the aforesaid Act of the Thirty eighth Year of His present Majesty, and on default thereof shall be forfeited, and shall and maybe seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise.

c XV. And Whereas by the said Act made in the Fifty seventh Year aforesaid, it was amongst other things enacted, that it shall and may be lawful for any Maker or Makers, or Refiner or Refiners of, or

Dealer or Dealers in Salt under such Licence and Permission as is therein mentioned, to provide or ered One

or more Export Warehouse or Warehouses at or within the Port of London, ox Hull, Greenock, Leith and

Plymouth, for the purpose of laying, storing or keeping therein Salt delivered Duty free, and intended for c Exportation under the Regulations and upon the Conditions therein mentioned: And Whereas it is expedient 1 to extend such Provision to the Port of Dartmouth f Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the

Uus LmuuUi lor Ad it shall and may be lawful to and for any Maker or Makers, or Refiner or Refiners of, or

storing°Salt for I^ea^er or Dealers in Salt, having the Licence and Permission in that behalf of the Commissioners of Excise or — the major Part of them for the time being, to provide or ered One or more Export Warehouse or Warehouses

at or within the Port of Dartmouth for the purpose of laying, storing or keeping therein Salt delivered Duty free and intended for Exportation, such Person and Persons giving the like Security, and being subject to all and singular the like Rules, Regulations, Conditions, Restrictions, Provisions, Forfeitures and Penalties by the said Act prescribed, directed, contained or imposed with respect to such Warehouse or Warehouses at

*6 London,

Foreign Salt imported into

57 G. 3. §6t.

c. 49.

Warehouses to be provided at Dartmouth for

Exportation.

Proceedings thereon as in respect of Warehoused at London, Hull, &c.

A.D. 1819. 59° GEORGII III. C. 57.

London* or Hull* Greened* Leith and Plymouth, or to the Person or Persons providing, erecting or uiing the same.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That when any Salt or Rock Salt delivered Duty free for the purpose of being carried Coastwise to and stored or kept in any of such Export Warehouses provided at Dartmouth as aforesaid, for the purpose of laying, storing or keeping therein Salt delivered Duty free for Exportation, shall be so carried or conveyed in or on board of any Ship or Vessel from any Port or Place in Great Britain to Dartmouth aforesaid, for the purpose of being so warehoused, and shall arrive within the Port of Dartmouth aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Person or Persons to tranship the fame therein for the fame Purposes, and under and subject to all and every the Rules, Regulations and Conditions, Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures provided and imposed by this Act, for or in respect of the Transhipment of Foreign Salt directly from the said Ship or Vessel in which the same shall have been so removed without first landing or warehousing the fame 3 Provided always, that the Permit or Permits accompanying the whole of such Salt or Rock Salt mall be first duly delivered to the proper Officer of Excise in that behalf; and that the Mailer or Commander of the said

- Ship or Vessel shall first make oath, as by Law is required, on the Removal Coastwise of Duty free Salt; and that all such Salt or Rock Salt shall be first duly weighed on board the said Ship or Vessel, and delivered into the Ship or Vessel, Ships or Vessels, into which the lame is or shall be so transhipped, by and in the Presence of the proper Officer or Officers of Excise in that behalf: And provided also, that the whole of such Salt or Rock Salt mentioned and expressed in such Permit or Permits, and so removed Coastwise in such Ship or Vessel, shall be duly entered as Part of the Stock, and deemed and taken to be received by the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be so permitted into his or their Custody % nd Possession, and shall be accounted for and accompanied with such Permit or Certificate, Permits or Certincates, as is or are required by Law on the Removal of any Salt or Rock Salt from any such Export Warehouse; and that such Entries shall be made in respect thereof by such Person or Persons as are by Law directed and required to be made in case the whole of such Salt or Rock Salt expressed and mentioned in the Permit or Permits, Certificate or Certificates, accompanying the fame had been actually landed and received into the entered Warehouse of the Person or Persons to whom it was first sent, consigned and permitted, and the Salt or Rock Salt transhipped as aforesaid had been afterwards received into and as Part of his or their Stock of Salt or Rock Salt in such Export Warehouse a a aforesaid.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That when any Salt or Rock Salt shall be delivered Duty free, for the purpose of curing and preserving Fish, and shall be carried or conveyed in or on board, of any Ship or Vessel, from one Port or Place in Great Britain to another, and shall arrive at the Port or Place where the entered Premises of the Fish Curer or Fish Curers to whom the same shall be sent and permitted, shall be Situated, it shall and may be lawful for the said Fish Curer or Fish Curers to fend, transfer and deliver any Part of such Salt or Rock Salt, to any other known and entered Fish Curer or Fish Curers directly from the said Ship or Vessel, without first landing or warehousing the fame: Provided always, that the Permit accompanying the whole of the said Salt or Rock Salt be first duly delivered to the proper Officer of Excise in that behalf, and that the Mailer of the Vessel do first make oath as by Law is in that behalf required, and that all such Salt or Rock Salt (as well such Part thereof as shall be intended to be taken into the entered Premises of the said Fish Curer or Fish Curers to whom he shall be so permitted, as such Part as shall be intended to be sent, transferred or delivered to any other Fish Curer or Fish Curers as aforesaid), shall be first duly weighed on board the said Ship or Vessel, by and to the Satisfaction of the proper Officer or Officers of Excise in that behalf; and provided also, that the whole of such Salt or Rock Salt shall be duly entered as Part of the Stock, and deemed and taken to be received by the Fish Curer or Fish Curers to whom the same shall be so permitted, into his, her or their Custody and roffession, and that all such Salt or Rock Salt as shall be so sent, transferred or delivered as aforesaid, to any other Fish Curer or Fish Curers, shall be accounted for and shall be accompanied with such Certificate ai\d Certificates, and that such respective Entries shall be made in respect thereof (as well by the said Fiftt Curer or Fish Curers to whom such Salt or Rock Salt shall be permitted, as by the Fish Curer or Fish Curers to whom the same shall be so sent and delivered), as are by Law directed and required to be made, in case the whole of such Salt or Rock Salt respectively had been actually landed and received into the entered Warehouse, Cellar or Storehouse of the Fish Curer or Fish Curers to whom k was first sent and permitted, and received from him, her or them, and from his, her or their Stock of Duty free Salt, by the said other Fish Curer or Fish Curers to whom the same shall be so transferred or delivered.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful' to and for any Fish Curer or Fish Curers to ship from his, her or their entered Cellar or Storehouse, any Quantity of his, her or their Stock of Salt or Rock Salt delivered Duty free, for curing or preserving Fish, and to fend the same to Sea, to be employed in and on board of any Ship, Boat or other Vessel for that Purpose, provided that he, she or they shall give previous Notice thereof in Writing to the proper Officer of Excise; and that such Salt so shipped for the Purpose aforesaid, be accompanied with a Certificate from such Fife Curer or Fish Curers, and counter-signed by the proper Officer of Excise, containing and certifying therein that such Salt or Rock Salt has been taken from his, her or their entered Cellar or Storehouse for that Purpose, and the Fiftiery where the fame is intended to be used as aforesaid; and provided that no such shipping or Employment as aforesaid shall in any respect alter, lessen or affect the Account to be rendered by every such Fish Curer or Fish Curers, in the Month of May in every Year, according to the Terms and Conditions of his, her or their Bond, and as required by Law, before the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, any thing in this or any other Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Fish Curer or Fish Curers shall bring or oause to be brought any Fish cufcfl as aforesaid at Sea, iqtp any Port or Place for Sale, not being the Port or Place at which he,

5 U 2 (he

879

How Salt shall be carried Coastwise to such Export Warehouse.

Permits to be delivered to Officer.

Salt mentioned in such Permit# to be duly entered as Part of Stock.

Fish Curers allowed to send Salt or Rock Salt to other entered Fish Curers.

Permit delivered.

Oath by Master.

Such Salt, &c. entered as Put of Stock, and deemed to have been received into Stock of Fish Curer to whom first permitted, and to be certified and kept account of as such.

Fish Curers to be at liberty to ship Part of their Stock of Salt for the Cure of Fish at Sea, under certain Conditions.

Fish cured at Sea from Part of a Fish

88o

Ciurer's Stock of Duty free Salt, may be brought into another Port for Sale, and Fish Curer shall have Credit for it in Stock, under certain Regulations.

Fish Curer to produce and leave Certificate with Officer.

Endorsement* to agree with Certificate.

Herrings returned from any Place for want of Sale, may be reimported and landed for Reexportation, on certain Conditions.

Waster to give Notice to Officer of Quantity of returned Herrings, &c.

S 7 G. 3. c. 49.

C. 57. 59° GEORGII III. A.D. 1819.

(he or they is or are an entered Fish Curer or Fish Curers, the proper Officer of Excise at the Port or Plaoc to which such cured Fish shall be so brought as aforesaid shall, upon receiving Twenty four Hours' Notice thereof in Writing from such Fish Curer or Fish Curers, or his, her or their Agent or Agents, Consignee or Consignees, attend and take an account of such Fish on board of the Ship or Vessel in which the same shall arrive; and if satisfied that the same are well and perfectly cured, shall then and there brand the Calks in which they are cured and packed, or mark such Fish in the same manner as is required by Law with respect to such Fish when cured; upon the entered Premises of any Fish Curer or Fish Curers, and shall examine the Certificate aforesaid for the Salt or Rock Salt shipped on board such Vessel for the Purpose aforesaid, and indorse thereon the Date of such his branding, and the Quantity and Kind of Fish so by him found cured, and so then branded or marked as aforesaid, and the estimated Quantity of such Salt or Rock Salt then remaining on board of such Ship or Vessel, and shall thereupon transmit a Certificate thereof to the Officer of Excise under whose Survey such Fish Curer or Fish Curers entered Premises and Stock of Duty free Fishery Salt shall then be, and such Fish Curer and Fish Curers shall be entitled to Credit in his Account for such cured Fish, in the same manner as if such Fish had been cured in and upon his and their entered Premises, and had been there produced to and branded or marked by the proper Officer surveying such Premises, as by Law is required in that behalf: Provided always, that no such Fish Curer or Fish Curers shall be entitled to any Credit in his, her or their Account for any such Fish as aforesaid, unless he or they shall first produce to and leave with such Surveying Officer the Certificate aforesaid granted, when the Salt or Rock Salt employed in the Cure of such Fish was shipped for that Purpose as aforesaid, and endorsed as aforesaid, or unless such Endorsement, when so produced and left, shall agree in Date, Quantity and Quality of Fish with the Certificate of the Account thereof taken, and the branding or marking thereof transmitted by the Officer at the Port or Place where such Fish were so branded or marked, to the Surveying Officer aforesaid, nor unless such Fish Curer or Fish Curers shall have entered the Sale of such Fish in his Account of Sales, and specified therein the Dates and Particulars of such Sales, in the same manner as if such Fish had been fold and delivered from his, her or their entered Premises.

XX. And Whereas, if any Fish entered or shipped for Exportation, for the Purpose or to the Intent to obtain any Bounty by Law granted, shall be unshipped, unloaded or laid on Land, or put into any other Ship or Vessel in Great Britain; all the Fish which shall be so unshipped, unladen or laid on Land, or put into any other Ship or Vessel in Great Britain, or the Value thereof, shall be forfeited, together with the Packages containing the fame, and also the Ship or Vessel from or out of which, and the Ship or Vessel into which such Fish shall be taken or put, and the fame respectively may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise: And Whereas the Exporters of such Fish are by Law required to give Bond and Security, that all and every Part of such Fish shall be duly exported to pais beyond the Seas, and shall not be unshippedor laid on Land, or put on board any other Ship or Vessel in Great Britain: And Whereas it is expedient to relax the above Regulations in certain Cases, where Herrings or other Fish duly packed, exported and sent for Sale to any particular Port or Place beyond the Seas, shall be returned and brought back from thence for want of Purchasers at that Port or Place Be it therefore enacted, That neither shall the said Forfeiture extend or be deemed or construed to extend to any Herrings or other Fish which shall have been duly exported and sent for Sale to any Port or Place beyond the Seas, and shall be returned or brought back direct from that Port or Place to Great Britain, for want of Purchasers at that Port or Place, nor to the Ship or Vessel in which the same shall be so reimported and brought back; nor shall any such Bond or Security, as hereinbefore in that behalf mentioned, become forfeited by or by reason of any such Reimportation of the said Herrings or other Fish, or such landing of the fame j nor shall the Curer of such Herrings or other Fish thereupon lose Credit for the Salt or Rock Salt employed and allowed for the repacking of such Herrings or other Fish for Exportation to such Port or Place aforesaid; provided the Mailer or Person having the Command of the said lad mentioned Ship or Vessel, on the Arrival of the said lad mentioned Ship or Vessel, andbefore the unshipping or relanding of any of the said returned Herrings or other Fish, give a Notice in Writing signed by him, to the Chief Officer of Excise at the Port or Place of Great Britain at which the said lad mentioned Ship or Vessel shall arrive, specifying the exact and true Quantity of such returned Herrings or other Fish, the Name of the Vessel in which returned and reimported, and of the Place from whence the fame have been so returned and reimported, the Christian and Surnames of the Person or Persons by whom the fame were entered for Exportation, the Name of the Ship or Vessel in which they were exported, the Month and Year when exported, and the Port from whence, and the Place to which the fame were exported: Provided also, that all such returned Herrings or other Fish shall, before the fame or any Part thereof shall be delivered or put out of the Ship or Vessel in which the same shall be returned and reimported as aforesaid, or be relanded in Great Britain, be duly taken an account of, and examined by the proper Officer of Excise in that behalf; and that the Barrels or Calks containing the same shall be first duly branded and marked by such Officer with the Letter R, to denote that the fame have been returned from Exportation; and provided also, that the same are re-exported to some other Port or Place in Parts beyond the Seas, without any Further Bounty being claimed, paid or allowed thereon, and shall not be sold, delivered, unpacked or opened for Home Consumption.

XXI. And Whereas by the said Act, made in the Fifty seventh Year aforesaid, the proper Officer of Excise is required to brand on all Calks or Barrels of White Herrings or Pilchards, declared by the Fish Curer or Fish Curers to be repacked for Exportation to the East or West Indies, South America, Madeira or the Mediterranean, the Letter W; and on all Calks or Barrels of White Herrings or Pilchards fa declared to be repacked for Exportation as aforesaid to the Baltic the Letter B; and the Fish Curer or Fish Curers producing the fame, is and are required forthwith to remove all and every such Barrels or Calks, or Barrel or Cask, and at all.times.keep the Came wholly separate and apart from all other Fish not so branded;

#3 4 and

881

A.D. 1819. 59° GEORGII III. C*57-

and the Casks under each particular Mark, separate and apart from all Calks branded with a different Mark,

under the Penalty of Fifty Pounds and the Forfeiture of all such Fish $ and the like Penalty and

Forfeiture thereby imposed for any Casks or Barrels marked or branded with the Letter W, being found in

the Custody or Possession of any Person or Persons open for Home Consumption: And Whereas every Cask

of Salmon cured and packed or repacked for Exportation, is by the said Act required to be branded with the Letters R S; Be it further enacted, That if any Fish Curer or Fish Curers, or other Person or Persons, shall fell or deliver any Cask or Barrel of White Herrings, or Pilchards branded with the Letter W, or with the Letter B, respectively, or any Cask of Salmon branded with the Letters R S, for Home Consumption, or without communicating or making known to the Purchaser thereof respectively, that every such Calk 'or Barrel of White Herrings or Pilchards, or Salmon respectively, has been packed or repacked for Exportation only according to the branding thereof as aforesaid; or if any such Cask or Barrel of White Herrings or Pilchards, or Salmon, so respectively branded, shall be found in the Custody or PosseiBon of any Person or Persons open for the Sale or Delivery of any Herrings or Pilchards, or Salmon, which are or were packed or contained therein for Home Consumption, or shall be shipped for Exportation to any other Place than according to the branding thereof as aforesaid, every such Caffe or Barrel, together with the Herrings, Pilchards or Salmon therein, or which had been therein packed or contained, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise; and the Fish Curer and Fish Curers repacking such Herrings, Pilchards or Salmon, shall, over and above the Loss of all Credit for the Salt or Rock Salt used or employed in the repacking thereof, and Person and Persons so offending as aforesai^, ' or in whose Possession such Fish is or shall be found as aforesaid, shall respectively forfeit and lose for every such Offence the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Fish Curer who shall have repacked any White Herrings or Pilchards for Exportation to any such Place or Places as aforesaid, the Casks whereof are branded respectively as aforesaid, but which cannot be exported to the Places respectively for which such Herrings or Pilchards were repacked and branded respectively as aforesaid, by reason of a Failure of the Market for such Herrings or Pilchards at such Place or Places, after such Herrings or Pilchards were so repacked and branded respectively as aforesaid to be exported thereto (due £roof of such Herrings and Pilchards having "been so repacked and branded with the express and actual Intention of such Fish Curer at the time such Herrings or Pilchards were so repacked, ) to export the same to such Place or Places, and of his or her being unexpectedly and unavoidably prevented from making such intended Exportation by reason of such Failure of Market as aforesaid, being made upon the Oath of such Fish Curer, which Oath the Collector and Officers of Excise are hereby empowered to administer, or otherwise, to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of Excise of England or Scotland respectively, (as the case may be, ) to give the proper Officer Notice thereof in Writing, and with the Permission of such Commissioners of Excise respectively as aforesaid, to produce such Casks to the proper Officer of Excise, to efface and obliterate the former Brand Mark of W or B respectively, and to rebrand such Casks respectively with the Letter R, and to export such Casks of Herrings or Pilchards respectively to any other Place beyond the Seas, without incurring any Penalty for not exporting the same to the Place or Places for which such Casks were originally branded, and without losing the Credit to which he or she was entitled for the Salt employed in repacking such Herrings or Pilchards respectively for Exportation, to the Place or Places for which they were repacked and so first branded as aforesaid.

XXIII. And Whereas by an Act made in the Forty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

for, amongst other things, allowing until the Fifteenth Day of OQohcr One thousand eight hundred and one, the Use of Salt Duty tree, in the preserving of Fish in Bulk or in Barrels; and which Act was by another Act, made in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, revived and continued until the Fifth> 4 Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, any Person or Persons whatever who shall catch or take, or purchase, cure or preserve any Herrings, Pilchards, Mackarel or any Kind or Species of wholesome Fish, or who shall fit out any Vessel for such Purpose, is authorised to take and ship on board his or their Vessel, from his or their own Stock of Salt, or from the Stock of Salt of any other Fish Curer of whom such Person or Persons shall purchase, or with whom he or they shall contract for Salt, any Quantity of Salt Duty free, that shall be deemed necessary for curing or preserving the Fish which may be expected to be taken or purchased in the Trip or Voyage in or upon which he or they shall intendto immediately dispatch Or employ his or their Vessel, provided that no Person shall be allowed to ship or have on board any Vessel at any time, any greater Quantity of Salt than in the Premortion of Ten Bushels for every Ton Burthen by Admeasurement of the Vessel, in or on board of which such Salt shall be taken or shipped: And Whereas it is expedient to make the said Act perpetual, except so far as the fame is altered by Provisions and Regulations in respect thereof; Be it therefore enacted, That the said Act of the Forty first Year aforesaid shall be, and the fame is hereby made perpetual, except so far as the fame is hereby altered; and it shall not be lawful for any such Person or Persons as aforesaid, to ship any Salt Duty free, to be employed for the Purposes mentioned in the said Act made in the Forty first Year aforesaid, until he, she or they shall have made such Entry in Writing, as by the said Act is required in that behalf, or until such Person or Persons shall also have given Bond or Security, to be approved by the Commissioners of Excise, or the Person or Persons who shall be appointed or employed by them for that Purpose, in the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, that he, she or they will duly account with the proper Officer or Officers of Excise, according to the Directions and Regulations of the said Act of Parliament and of this Act, for all the Salt which he, she or they shall at any time take, ship, receive or have on board his, her or their Vessel or Vessels, or have or receive in any Warehouse or Warehoul'es duly entered for that Purpose during the Continuance of such Entry;

53-

Selling, for Homo Consumption, Herrings or PiU chards branded for Exportation, and repacking Fish shipped for Exportation to a different Place than that for which they are branded.

[Penalty.]

On Failure of Market, Herrings or Pilchards repacked and branded for Exportation to One Place, may be rebranded and exported to another.

Oath by Fish Curer.

Casks rebranded.

41 G.3. Sess. I. c. ai. perpetual.

Before Salt is shipped, Duty free. Entry to be made, and Bond entered into to perform Conditions herein specified.

8*2

C.$t<

59° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1819.

Penalty and.

Masters of Vessels catching and curing Fish, may harp a Certificate of Bond without Fee; and every Quantity of Salt received in or for such Trip to be endorsed on such Certificate,

Master of Ship at Conclusion of Voyage, to deliver to Officer Certificate, &c.

Departing without Certificate, &c. Penalty acoL

41 G.3. Sess. i, C. ax. §11.

Allowance of aa lbs, per Cwt. for certain cured Fish under 41 G. 3. c. 21. extended ito 30 lbs. Proviso as to Cod Fish dry 6alted in Bulk, &c.

Allowance of Duty free Salt for certain wet salted Bream, Conger and Polock, as under former Acte.

and that; every such Bond shall, during such time as last aforesaid, continue arid stand as a Security for the due Application and Account of all such Salt as aforesaid* unlefa the fame is required by the Commissioners of Excise to be renewed by reason of the Death or Insolvency of any of the Obligors therein or thereof, or of t^e Penaky thereof becoming forfeited by the Misapplication of any such Salt, or by such Person or Persons as aforesaid not duly accounting for the same as aforesaid, or any other Breach of the Condition of such Bond, and for the Person or Persons giving such Bond, duly and truly observing, performing and keeping all the Regulations and Directiops of the said Act and of tms Act, touching or relating to such Person or Persons so trading as aforesaid, and to such Vessel or Vessels as aforesaid; and if any such Person or Persons shall receive or ship any Salt as aforesaid, without first making such Entry as aforesaid, and giving, or, upon Requell by the proper Officer under the Directions of the Commissioners of Excise, renewing such Bond on any such Occasion as aforesaid, he, she or they shall for every such Offence* forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That whenever any such Vessel shall be about to fail and depart upon any such Trip or Voyage as aforesaid, the proper Officer of Excise who shall have taken such Bond as aforesaid, and with whom the same shall be deposited, shall, on the Request of any such Person or Persons so entered as aforesaid, deliver, without Fee or Reward, a Certificate of such Bond having been given as aforesaid by the Person or Persons employing the fame, and of such Bond being then in force, and Specifying therein the Name and, Tonnage of such Vessel, and to what Port such Vessel belongs, and the Name or Names of the Owner or Owners, or Employer or Employers thereof, who have given such Bond as aforesaid, and shall endorse upon such Certificate the Quantity of Salt then on board thereof, Duty free, for such Purposes as aforesaid, for such Trip or Voyage, and the Date of such Endorsement; and that before any Maifer, Owner or Employer of any such Vessel shall ship or receive any further Quantity of Salt on board thereof, for such, Purposes as aforesaid, upon or for such Trip or Voyage, from the Stock of any other Fish Curer or Fish Curers, he shall first produce and shew to the proper Officer who surveys the Stock of such Fish Curer or Fish Curers, or from whose Stock the fame is to be removed, such Certificate of Bond as aforesaid; and fqch Officer shall thereupon endorse the Quantity of Salt then intended to be removed and shipped from the Stock of such Fish Curer or Fish Curers on board of such Vessel, together with the Date of such Shipment; and shall forthwith, at the Expence of such Matter or Owner, transmit by Pott a Copy of such Certificate with such Endorsement, and all other Endorsements thereon, to the Officer taking such Bond, and givipg such Certificate as aforesaid; and the Matter of every such Vessel shall, at the time of making, on the Completion of such Trip or Voyage, such Entry in Writing with the Officer of Excise of his cured Fish as is required by the said Act, deliver to such Officer such Certificate, with every such Endorsement thereon, made as aforesaid, for every separate Quantity of Salt had or received on board of any such Vessel for or upon every such Trip or Voyage, and shall account for the whole of such Salt, and for all the Fish cured therewith, or upon or during such Trip or Voyage as directed by the said Act or by this Act, and shall, on such Officer takipg an Account thereof as aforesaid, land and deposit all the Salt remaining on board of such Ship or Vessel, unuied in the Warehouse or Warehouses entered for that Purpose, of such Person or Persons as aforesaid, or shall at the Option of such Person or Persons keep and take the fame on board of such Vessel for curing or preserving Fish on the next succeeding Trip or Voyage thereof, as directed by the said Act: Provided always, that the Fish Curer and Fish Curers, from whose Stock any such Salt shall be so shipped as aforesaid, shall be wholly discharged from all further Account or Responsibility for such Salt, and Credit shall be given to him, her or them by the proper Officer for the fame, as for Salt transferred to another Fish Curer 5 and if any such Matter, Owner or Employer of any such Vessel shall depart or fail upon any such Trip or Voyage as aforesaid, without such Certificate as aforesaid, or shall receive or ship any Salt on board thereof, from his, her or their own Stock, or from the Stock of any other Fish Curer or Fish Curers, without first producing such Certificate as aforesaid, and without such Certificate being so endorsed as aforesaid, he, she or they shall for every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

XXV. And Whereas the Credit or Allowance granted by the said Act, made in the Forty first Yean*aforesaid* for Salt used in the salting, curing or preserving Fish, under the Directions or Authority of 1 the said Act, other than Herrings, Pilchards or Mackarel, is Twenty two Pounds Weight of Salt: And 1 Whereas it is expedient to increase the said Allowance; Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, there shall be allowed for every One hundred Weight of all good and wholesome Fish, faked, cured, preserved and produced, as required by the said Act, other than Herrings, Pilchards or Mackarel, a Credit or Allowance not exceeding Thirty Pounds of Salt, for every One hundred Weight of such other Fish so cured, preserved and produced as aforesaid: Provided always, nevertheless, that notning hereinbefore contained, shall extend, or be deemed or construed to extend to Cod Fish, dry salted in Bulk, or to authorise the making or giving of any Credit or Allowance for Salt used in the salting, curing or preserving any such other Fish, beyond the Quantity of Salt a6lually and bona fide employed and spent in the curing and preserving thereof as aforesaid; any tning hereinbefore contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanmng.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Fish Curer and Fish Curers, to whom any White Salt shall, under the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions and Provisions of the said Acts of the Thirty eighth and Fifty Seventh Years of His present Majesty's Reign, be delivered Duty free, for the purpose of curing and preserving Fish, shall be allowed a Credit not exceeding Fifty six Pounds Weight of such Salt for every Barrel of Thirty two Gallons of Fish, called Bream, Conger or Polock, wet salted and perfectly cured, arid so in proportion for any greater or left Quantity; such Credit to be allowed under the same Rules, Regulations,

(leftri&ons

A.D. 1819. 59 GEORGII III. C. 57.

Refhrdions and Provisions, Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures, which by the said Acts, or byny othdr Act. or Acts of Parliament in force at the time of paffitig this Act, are contained, provided, settled or established, For or in respect of allowing Salt Duty free, for the purpose of curing and preferring Fish therein mentioned, or for or in respect of allowing Fish Curers Credit for Sdt delivered to them for that Purpose.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That when any Officer or Officers of Excise strall seize any Salt or Rock Salt, or any Fish, as forfeited or liable to be seized under or by virtue of this Act Or any other Act or Acts of Parliament in force in that behalf, such Officer or Officers respectively shall, upon request in Writing being first made by the real Owner or Owners of such Sah, Rock Salt or Fish respectively, or his or their Foreman or Manager, and signed by him or them, deliver to such Owner or Owners, Foreman or Manager requesting the same as aforesaid, or at his or their usual Place of ResidenCe; or if he, she or they be a Trader or Traders under the Survey of the Officers ttf Excise, at his, her or their entered Fretnifes within Twenty four Hours after such Request made, a Statement in Writing of the Cause or Causes for which such Officer or Officers shall conceive such Salt, Rock Salt or Fish mpedively to be forfeited and liable to be seized; and every such Officer and Officers shall forthwith-report fetch Seizure, with the Circumstances attending the fame, to the Commissioners of Excise*Provided always, that no written Statement, by any such Officer or Officers as last aforesaid, shall in any way prejudice or affect, or be deemed or taken to prejudice or affect, the Legality of such Seizure, or to prei Office or a*ffed any Bill, Plaint or Information which shall or may be prosecuted, filed or exhibited, either for the Condemnation of any stich Salt or Rock Salt or Fish, or for any Penalties incurred in respect of or with regard to the fame, of any or either of them, or to prejudice or affect any Action which may or shall be commenced against the Officer or Officers who Audi have seized such Salt or Rock Salt or Fife, or for or with respect to any such Seizure.

XXVIII. And Whereas the Bond or Security given by Makers or Oxygenated Muriatic Acid, or Oxymuriate of Lime, for or on the Receipt of Salt or Rock Salt Duty free for that Purpose, is by an Act made in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for allowing Makers of Oxygenated Muriatic Acid to take Salt Duty free for making such Acid or Oxymuriate of Lime, for bleaching Linen and Cotton*, required to be made, with Condition that all such Salt or Rock Salt shall, within Six Months next ensuing the Date of such Bond, be really and truly employed, spent and confirmed by such Maker or Makers, at his or their Work or Works therein specified, in the making of Oxygenated Muriatic Acid or Oxymuriate of Lime: And Whereas such Period of Six Months is round too short for such Purposes as aforesaid Be it therefore enacted, That in lieu of Six Months, every such Bond shall be made with Condition that the Salt or Rock Salt mentioned in any such Bond, shall, within Twelve Months next ensuing the Date of such Bond, be really and truly employed, spent and confirmed by such Maker or Makers as aforesaid, giving or entering into such Bond, at his or their Work or Works therein specified, in the making of Oxygenated Muriatic Acid or Oxymuriate of Lime, for the sole Purpose of bleaching the several Goods respectively for which the same are now by Law allowed.

XXIX. And Whereas by the said Act, made in the Fifty fifth Year aforesaid, it is enacted, that no Maker or Makers of Oxygenated Muriatic Acid or Oxymuriate of Lime, shall obtain, receive or have any Salt Duty free for that Purpose, in any less Quantity than Fifty Bushels, or be at liberty to mix with Vitriolic Acid, Manganese and Water, or any or either of them, at any one time, any less Quantity than Two Bushels of Salt: And Whereas it is inconvenient to many such Makers as aforesaid, to receive for the Purposes aforesaid, so large a Quantity of Salt at one time as Fifty Bushels of Salt, or to mix, as aforesaid, so large a Quantity as Two Busheh at one time* Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, so much of the said Act as is hereinbefore recited, shall be, and the fame is hereby repealed 5 and that from thenceforth it shall and may be lawful for any such Maker or Makers as aforesaid, to obtain, receive and have Salt or Rock Salt Duty free for the Purposes aforesaid, in any Quantity not being less than Twenty Bushels at one time, under the several Regulations now by Law established, and to mix with Vitriolic Acid and Manganese, or with Vitriolic Acid, Manganese and Water, under the several Regulations and Restrictions contained in the said Act, at any one time, any Quantity of Salt or Rock Salt specified in his, her or their Notice to be thereof given, as required by the said Act, so as such Quantity is not less than Twenty eight Pounds of Salt or Rock Salt respectively; and that the proper Officer shall thereupon grant his Certificate of such mixing, in the manner required by the said Act.

XXX. And Whereas Makers of Oxygenated Muriatic Acid, or Oxymuriate of Lime, from Salt or Rock Salt, are by Law allowed to receive Salt and Rock Salt Duty free for that Purpose: (a) And Whereas after such Salt or Rock Salt has been so made use of, the Residuum has, by such Makers as aforesaid, been'employed in making, or sold and disposed of to be employed in making Mineral Alkali called Soda, which Practice is in*

jurious to the Production of and Trade in Kelp, and the Duties granted and imposed by Law on Barilla Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the Fifth Dav of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, no such Maker or Makers as aforesaid, or any Person or Persons whatsoever, shall fell, transfer or deliver over, or cause, permit or suffer to be sold, transferred or delivered over, any of the Residuum, Refuse or Remains of Salt or Rock Salt, or other Material or Materials which have been used or employed in making or extracting Oxygenated Muriatic Acid, or Oxymuriate of Lime, upon pain of forfeiting for any such Offence the Sum of One hundred Pounds; or shall use or employ any such Residuum, Refuse or Remains as aforesaid in the making or Manufacture of Mineral Alkali or Soda for his, her or their own Use, unless he, she or they shall have fiirft made a proper and legal Entry at the proper Office of Excise as a Mineral Alkali Maker, and shall pay CO the proper Collector of Excise and be duly licensed, the Duty which is granted and imposed upon and in

(a) See 55 G. 3. c. 66. §1. 56 G. 3. c. 94. $ 1.

respect

883

Officers seuung Salt or Fish to state the Cause of Forfeiture, on request of the real Owner of the Salt or Fish, and forthwith report Seizure to the Cotnmi&frmers.

Such Statement not to affect the Legality of Seizure.

55 G. 3. c. 66.

1.

the time mentioned jb such Bonds extended to Twelve Months.

55 Gk 3. c. 66. §1. repealed.

Mahers of Oxygenated Muriatic Acid or Oxymuriate of Lime, te be at liberty to mix any Quantity not less than 20 Bushels of Salt or Rock Salt at one time.

Makers of Oxygenated Muriatic Add selling Residuum, &c. or employing it in making Mineral Alkali, to make Entry, and pay Duty.

Penalty zoo.

884 Ci 5 7*

59° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1819.

Penalty iool.

Panscratch or Panscale, &c. may be mixed and used with Manure, with-

pose.

Penalty iool.

5 G.i } 17.

c. 18.

respect of Mineral Alkali called Soda, for and upon all such Mineral Alkali or Soda as shall be by him, her or them made therefrom, for his, her or their own use, upon pain of forfeiting for each and every Offence the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Salt Maker or Salt Makers, from time to time, upon giving Twenty four Hours* Notice in Writing to the proper Officer of Excise, to mix, In the Presence of nich Officer, for his, her and their Panfcale or Panfcratcn, and other coarse and impure saline Substances, Articles and Ingredients, not being Rock Salt, or White or Common Salt fit for out Payment of human Consumption, with Soot or Allies, in the Proportion of not less than One Fourth of such Soot or Duly. Allies, without Payment of any Duty for the fame, and for any Fish Curer or Fish Curers to mix his and

their foul or impure Salt or Rock Salt, which has been more than once used upon or applied in, and is no longer useful for the Cure of Fish; and that if he, ' she or they, or any other Person or Persons into whose Custody or Possession, or under whose Directions any such saline Subffances, so delivered as aforesaid. Using same for or any such Soot or Allies so mixed {Hall come, shall use or employ, or cause or suffer to be used or employed, any other Pur- the fame or any Part thereof, or any Ingredient thereof, for any other Purpose' than manuring Land, the same shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise, and the Person and Persons so offending shall for each and every such Offence severally forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend, or be deemed or construed to extend, to affect or lessen the Account and Accounts required by Law to be rendered by every Fish Curer, Refiner and Refiners of Salt or Rock Salt respectively, under and by virtue of his, her or their Bond and Bonds, on the Receipt of Rock Salt.

XXXII. And Whereas by an Act made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the First, for recovering the Credit of the British Fishery in Foreign Parts, and better securing the Dutiee*on Salt, it is enacted, that every Person who shall carry or convey, or cause any Brine to be carried or conveyed from the Pits (other than such Person or Persons who are known Proprietors of Pans for boiling the fame into White Salt), shall forfeit and lose the Sum of Forty Shillings for every Gallon of Brine so carried and conveyed, and so proportionably for a greater or less Quantity: And* Whereas after the boiling of Brine, and making therefrom the Salt called White or Common Salt, the Residuum called Bittern or Mother JLey, or Liquor containing other Materials than those which constitute or will make White or Common Salt, and such Bittern or Mother Ley or Liquor is useful* in other Manufactures not Certain Bittern subject or liable to Excise Duties; Be it therefore enacted, That no Person shall incur or lose the aforesaid Cram^Saltworks or ot^er ^>ena^ty by reason of taking, removing, carrying or conveying away from any Salt Work any without Penalty Bittern or Mother Ley or Liquor, provided that such Bittern or Mother Ley or Liquor mall not contain, or Forfeiture. in solution or otherwise, any White or Common Salt, or Material or Materials with or from which any White or Common Salt may or can be boiled or made 5 any thing in the hereinbefore in part recited, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XXXIII. And Whereas it is expedient that greater Facility Should be afforded to the sufficient and easy Supply of Rock Salt, for the purpose of more extensively proving, whether the fame can be beneficially employed in feeding or mixing with the Food of Sheep and Cattle, of steeping Seed or preserving Hay, or 4 for manuring Land Be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Personq* not being a Refiner of Salt or Rock Salt, or connected with or interested therein, at Liverpool, Gloucester Plymouth, London, Norwich, Hull and Newcastle upon Tyne9 or other Places, with the Approbation of the Commissioners of Excise in England, and at Leith and Glasgow or other Places, with the like Approbation of the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, to provide or erect and make use of a Warehouse or Warehouses, Storehouse or Storehouses, for the purpose of receiving from any Rock Salt, Pit or Mine, or any Warehouse belonging thereto, and laying, lloring or keeping therein Rock Salt, delivered under and by virtue of a certain Act, made in the Fifty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repealing the Duty upon Rock Salt delivered for feeding or mixing with the Fopd of Cattle, and imposing another Duty and making other Provisions in lieu thereof, and to receive from any Owner or Proprietor of any Rock Salt Pit or Rock Salt Mine, or any Warehouse belonging thereto, under the Provisions of the last recited Act, any coarse and impure Rock Salt for the Purposes aforesaid, and lay, deposit and keep such Rock Salt therein, and from time to time to fell and deliver the fame or any Part thereof, being in no Case less than One Ton, if any Part thereof be unground at any one time, of such Rock Salt from any such Warehouse, for the Purposes aforesaid, to any Person who shall be authorised to receive the same, by such Certificate to be first granted to duction of Cer- ft*ch Person by the proper Officer of Excise nearest to his or her Residence, as from time to time shall be tificate from directed by the Commissioners of Excise, specifying the Quantity of such Rock Salt which such Person is Officer of Ex- authorised to receive, and the Place where and Uses to which the fame is to be applied according to the said. 'rise, who is to Act, and shall produce such Certificate to the Officer of Excise, who shall grant the Permit for the Removal

for^Removal* ^ock Salt to such Person from any such Warehouse or Storehouse: Provided always, that every such

' Warehouse or Warehouses, Storehouse or Storehouses, shall be substantially and securely built or constructed,

buildh^ °&c. or an<* no ^uck Warehouse or Warehouses, Storehouse or Storehouses, shall be made use of for the laying, lloring or keeping (at one and the same time) of any other Kind of Salt or Rock Salt, except Rock Salt delivered for the Purposes aforesaid, nor shall be used for the Purpose last aforesaid, until Entry in Writing of such Warehouse or Warehouses, Storehouse or Storehouses, shall have been first made at the next Office of Excise by the true and actual Occupier or Occupiers thereof, nor until such Warehouse or Warehouses, Store-house or Storehouses, shall have been first approved of in Writing by and under the Hand of the Supervisor of Excise of the Dillrift in which such Warehouse or Warehouses, Storehouse or Storehouses, shall be fituale, >nor until such Occupier or Occupiers of such Warehouse or Warehouses, Storehouse or Storehouses, shall have

Warehouses may be established at certain Places for lodging and keeping Rock Salt for agricultural Purposes.

Not less than One Ton to be sold at a time, on Pro-

A.D. 1819. 59° GEORGII III. C. 57. 885

have given and entered into a Bond or Obligation to His Majesty in the Penalty of a Sum equal to the Amount Bond to be of the Home Consumption Duties on Salt made in England, for all the Rock Salt to be next received into entered into any such Warehouse or Storehouses as aforesaid, and of Fifty per Centum thereon, with sufficient Sureties to Wa^ou*[ to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of Excise respectively, or such Person as they shall direct to receive pJform certain the fame, that all such Rock Salt shall, #n the First Day of June next succeeding, be duly accounted for by Conditions, him or them, as directed by the said Act, and shall be (old and delivered in manner beforementioned for the Purposes aforesaid only, and that on the Delivery of any Part of such Rock Salt, the same shall be accompanied with such Permit as is required by the said Act, made in the Fifty eighth Year aforesaid, and to such Persons only as are authorised by such Certificate as aforesaid, to receive the same, and who shall produce and deliver to the Officer making out and granting the Pei*mit for the Removal thereof, such Certificate as aforesaid, and in such Quantity only as shall be expressed in such Certificate, being in no Case less than One Ton of such Rock Salt, if any Part thereof be unground, at any one time; and provided that such Person or Persons so making Entry as aforesaid, shall not receive or deposit any such Rock Salt in any such Warehouse, without giving Twenty four Hours* previous Notice thereof in Writing to the proper Officer of Excise of the Division or Ride in which such Warehouse shall be situate, and delivering to him the Permit accompanying the fame, and shall in all respects be subject to the like Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures as in this or any other Act or Acts, not herein expressly altered, is or are contained and directed, for and in respect of Persons receiving Rock Salt for the Purpose6 aforesaid; and if any such Rock Salt delivered for any of the Purposes aforesaid, to be laid, stored or kept in any such Warehouse or Warehouses, Storehouse or Storehouses as aforesaid, shall be lodged and deposited for Sale as aforesaid at ai»y of the Places aforesaid, in any such Warehouse or Warehouses, Storehouse or Storehouses, otherwise than as aforesaid, or of which Warehouse or Storehouse such Entry shall not have been previously made as aforesaid, or which shall not have been previously approved of in Writing by and under the Hand of the Supervisor of Excise of the District in which the same shall be situate as aforesaid, and not afterwards disapproved of by such Supervisor or the Commissioners of Excise, or without the Occupier or Occupiers thereof having first given such Bond as aforesaid, and Notka, and delivered such Permit as aforesaid; or if such entered Occupier or Occupiers of any such Warehouse or Warehouses, Storehouse or Storehouses, or any other Person or Persons, shall fell, exchange, transfer, deliver, consume or employ any Part of such Rock Salt sent to be lodged in any such Warehouse or Warehouses,

Storehouse or Storehouses, or lodged or deposited therein for such Purposes as aforesaid, for or in any other or different Purpose or Manner than as aforesaid, or shall not duly and truly account for the same as aforesaid, all such Rock Salt then lodged in any such Warehouse or Storehouse as aforesaid shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise j and the Person or Persons so offending therein shall for every such Offence, over and above the Penalty of his and their Bond, severally Penalty 500l. forfeit and lose the Sum of Five hundred Pounds.

1 XXXIV. And Whereas by the said Act, made in the Fifty eighth Year aforesaid, it is provided, that no J8 G-3- 77*

such Rock Salt shall be delivered for the Purposes aforesaid, except in Lumps of Twenty Pounds each, and §2m

it i$ expedient to alter such Regulation; Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the Fifth Day of Rock Salt In July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons who has Lumps of or have made Entry and given such Bond as aforesaid, to deliver from any such Warehouse as aforesaid, for the Purposes in the said Act mentioned, to any Person or Persons authorised by such Certificate as aforesaid per^)n^ author-to receive the same, such Rock Salt in Lumps, not being of less Weight than Ten Pounds; and that in all nsed by Cer-Cases where such Certificate shall express that any Quantity of such Rock Salt shall be delivered and received, tificate. cru(hed or powdered, it shall be lawful for any such Person or Persons so making Entry and giving Bond as aforesaid, to deliver the fame from any such Warehouse as aforesaid cru(lied and powdered; provided that such crushed and powdered Rock Salt shall, before the Delively thereof from any such Warehouse, be mixed throughout with Coal Tar in the Proportion of not less than Half a Pound of Coal Tar for every Bushel of such crushed and powdered Rock Salt 5 any thing in this or the said Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That when any such Rock Salt shall be delivered from any Rock Salt Si»d\ Rock Pit or Mine, or any Warehouse belonging thereto, for the purpose of being employed in feeding or mixing Salt, not less with the Food of Sheep and Cattle, of steeping Seed or preserving Hay, or for manuring Land, and shall be than a carried or conveyed in or on board of any Ship or Vessel, from one Port or Place in Great Britain, to any or ovil°to «my either of the Ports or Places where the fame is permitted to be warehoused under the Regulations and such Ware-Conditions of this Act, and for the purpose of being so warehoused as aforesaid, and shall arrive at the Port house, be deli-or Place where the Warehouse or Storehouse of the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be sent and vered to Pur-

Fermitted shall be situated, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Person or Persons to fell and deliver any chasers directly art of such Rock Salt, being in no Case less than one Ton, to any Person or Persons who shall be [vh^out^efiiff authorised to receive the same by such Certificate as aforesaid, first granted to such Person or Persons directly wardioused. from the said Ship or Vessel in which the same shall have been so removed, without first landing or warehcufing the fame: Provided always, that the Permit or Permits accompanying the whole of such Rock Salt shall be Permit to be first duly delivered to the proper Officer of Excise in that behalf, and that the Mailer or Commander of the delivered to said Ship or Vessel shall first make oath, as by Law is required on the Removal of Duty free Salt, and that °fficer > all such Rock Salt ( as well such Part thereof as shall be intended to be taken into the entered Warehouse or Storehouse of the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be so permitted, as such Part as shall be intended to be sold or delivered from such Ship or Vessel to such other Person or Persons as aforesaid) shall be first duly weighed on board the said Ship or Vessel, by or in the Presence of the proper Officer or Officers of Excise in that behalf: And provided also, that the whole of such Rock 6alt mentioned and expfeffed in such Permit or and Quantity 59 Geo. III. 5 X Perjnitc, expressed

therein to be entered as Stock.

Officers of Excise to hare liberty to enter and surrey such Warehouses, and Supervisors to weigh the Stock of Rock Salt.

Obstruction Officer, or not supplying him with Weights and Scales, &c. Penalty aocl.

Commissioners of Excise may, on Application of Fish Curers, direct their Stock of Salt not to be Weighed, and the Quantity which shall appear to be on the Books to be transferred to next Year's Account:

But in no Case where Salt is delivered to or received from the Stock of any other Fish Curer, &c.

Powers of 12 C.i. c. 24. and other Acts relating to Excise, extended to this Act.

Penalties how to be recovered.

Act altered, &c. this Session.

C. 47. 59° GEORGII III. A.D. 1819.

Permits, and so removed in such Ship or Vessel, shall be duly entered as Part of the Stock, and deemed ai*f taken to be received by the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be so permitted into his, her or their Custody and Possession; and that every Quantity of such Rock Salt as shall be so fold and delivered as aforesaid to any other Person or Persons, shall be accounted for, and shall be accompanied with such Permit as is required by Law, on Removal of such Rock Salt from any such Warehouse, and that such Entries shall be made in respect thereof as are by Law directed and required to be made, in case the whole of such Rock Salt expressed and mentioned in the Permit or Permits accompanying the fame bad been actually landed and received into the entered Warehouse or Storehouse of the Person or Persons to whom it was first sent and permitted, and the Rock Salt fold and delivered as aforesaid had been afterwards received from him, her or them, and from his, her or their Stock of Rock Salt in such Warehouse, by the said other Person or Persons to whom the same shall be so fold or delivered.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Officer or Officers of Excise, upon his or their Request, at any time or times, to enter into and survey every such Warehouse as aforesaid, and the Rock Salt therein 5 and for any Supervisor or other Officer or Officers of Excise, of equal or superior Rank to a Supervisor, on any such Survey to weigh the Rock Salt therein 5 and if any Owner or Proprietor of any such Warehouse, or other Person or Persons, shall neglect or refuse, upon such Request as aforesaid, to open and unlock such Warehouse, and permit such Officer or Officers to enter and survey the fame and the Rock Salt therein, or shall prevent, hinder or obstruct such Officer or Officers from so doing, or any Supervisor or other Officer or Officers of Excise of such Rank as aforesaid, from weighing all the Rock Salt therein, or shall hide or conceal any such Rock Salt, or neglect or refuse, upon the Demand of such Supervisor or other Officer or Officers, to fumifti him or them with true and lawful Scales and Weights fumcient for the weighing of such Rock Salt, or to give him or them all needful and necessary Aid and Assistance in the weighing thereof, or shall use or cause, permit or suffer to be used, any Art, Means or Contrivance by which such Supervisor or other Officer or Officers, shall or may be prevented, obstructed or hindered from taking a true and accurate Account of the Weight and Quantity of such Rock Salt, all such Rock Salt and such Scales and Weights shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise; and every Person jo offending shall for every such Offence (Severally forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That upon any Application being made to the Commissioners of Excise for Scotland or England respectively, by any Fish Curer or Fish Curers, praying that his, her or their Stock of Salt or Rock Salt, received by him, her or them Duty free for curing Fish, shall not be weighed by the Officer or Officers of Excise, in pursuance of the Powers and Regulations in that behalf, it shall be lawful for such Commissioners respectively, if they shall see fit, and upon such Conditions as they shall think proper to impose, to order any such Stock of Salt or Rock Salt not to be weighed, and for the Quantity of Salt or Rock Salt respectively, which shall appear by the Book or Books of the Surveying-Officer of such Stock to have been received by such Fish Curer or Fish Curers, and to be then in his, her or their Stock, to be transferred to the next succeeding Year's Account as if weighed, and thereby ascertained by such Officer, and for Affidavit to be made of such Quantity by such Fish Curer or Fish Curers, and Bond to be given for such Quantity for such succeeding Year's Account, in all respects as if such Quantity of Salt or Rock Salt respectively had been ascertained by having been actually weighed by the proper Officer or Officers in that behalf: Provided always, that no such Application shall be granted, or Order made as aforesaid, in any Case in which any of the Salt or Rock Salt received Duty free by any such Fish Curer or Fish Curers shall have been delivered or transferred by him, her or them to, or received by him, her or them from the Stock of any other Fish Curer or Fish Curers, or shall have been employed in the curing or preserving of any Fish, or the Bulk of which Salt or Rock Salt received in the Year in or in respect of which any such Application is made, and such Stock of Salt or Rock Salt is or ought to be weighed, shall have been in any respect broken 5 any thing in this, or in any other Act or Acts of Parliament, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Powers, Directions, Rules, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things which in and by an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, for taking away the Court of Wards and Liveries and Tenures in Capite, and by Knights Service and Purveyance, and for. settling a Revenue upon His Majesty in lieu thereof, or by any other Law now in force relating to His Majesty's Revenue of Excise, are provided and established, shall be practised, lifed and put in execution, in and for the Purposes of this Act, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if all and every the said Powers^ Rules, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in this present Act.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this Act, shall be sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated, by such Ways, Means or Methods as any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture may be sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster % or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively; and that save and except in such Case or Cases where it is otherwise expressly directed by this Act) One Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture shall be to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them who shall discover, inform or fuc for the same.

XL. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, amended or repealed, by any Act or Acts to be passed in this Session of Pari iament.

59° GEORGII fIL C. 58. 887

CAP. LVIII.

An Act for facilitating the Recovery of the Wages of Seamen in the Merchant Service.

[2d July 1819.]

WHEREAS the Seamen and Mariners employed in the Merchant Service, and in the Caafting Trade of this Kingdom, are exposed to great Difficulties, Expence and Inconvenience in suing for or obtaining Payment of their Wages, in Cases of Dispute with the Masters or Owners of Vessels in which they may have served; and it is expedient that greater Facility should be given for Recovery of such Wages:

May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the First Day of Justices em-August in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, it shall be lawful for any Seaman, P^wer^> <>n Mariner or other Person (except Mailers or Apprentices), who shall have served on board any Ship or Vessel geamen^to0 trading from any Port or Place, or Ports or Places in that Part of the United Kingdom called England, to iiear ^tie Ports beyond the Seas, or to any other Port or Place in Great Britain, by virtue or in pursuance of any Disputes about Contract or Engagement, in Writing or not in Writing, and whether the fame be by Parol, or by Deed under Wages, not ex-Seal, or otherwise, in case the Master or Commander, or other Person having or taking the Charge of any such ceedin£ 2o1, Ship or Vessel, after the Expiration of Two Days from the time of Entry of such Ship or Vessel at the Custom House, or from the Delivery of her Cargo, or from the time when such Seaman or Mariner, or other Person (except as aforesaid), shall be discharged, which shall first happen (unless an Agreement shall have been made and entered into to the contrary, and in that Case, after the Expiration of the time so stipulated or agreed for the Payment of such Wages as aforesaid), neglect or refuse to pay to any such Seaman, Mariner or other Person (except as aforesaid), his or their Wages, or any Part-thereof, to complain to any Justice or Justicfcs of the Peace residing in or near to the Place where such Ship or Vessel shall have ended her Voyage, or been cleared at the Custom House, or delivered her Cargo, or to any Justice or Justices of the Peace residing in or near to the Place where such Master or Commander, or other Person having or taking the Charge of any such Ship or ^Vessel, or (in case of there being no Master or Commander, or other Penon in charge of any such Ship or Vessel) where any Owner or Owners thereof shall then happen to be, and thereupon it shall be lawful for any such Justice or Justices of the Peace respectively, and they are hereby required, upon such Complaint made to them upon Oath or Affirmation, to issue a Summons to fuph Master or Commander, or other Person having or taking the Charge of any such Ship or Vessel, or (in case of there being no Master or Commander or other Person in charge of any such Ship or Vessel) to such Owner or Owners thereof, to appear before them at such Time and Place to be in such Summons specified; and upon the Party or Parties may examine appearing in pursuance of such Summons, or not appearing after having been so summoned, the said Justice or Seaman, &c. Justices mail, and they are hereby empowered to examine upon Oath such Seaman, Mariner or other Person upon Oath, (except as aforesaid), or any other Witness or Witnesses, touching any such Complaint, or any Difference or Dispute respecting such Wages, and to make such Order for Payment of so much Wages to such Seaman, Mariner or other Person as aforesaid, as to such Justice or Justices shall seem reasonable and just; provided that the Sum in question do not exceed Twenty Pounds so claimed to be due to any One Seaman, Mariner or other Person as aforesaid; and in case of Refusal to pay, or Nonpayment of any Sum or Sums of Money so ordered, On Refusal to by the Space of Two Days next after such Order and Determination, such Justice or Justices shall and may comply with issue forth their Warrant to levy the same by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Master or how"

Commander or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of any such Ship or Vessel, or (in case Wages to be of there being no Master or Commander, or other Person in charge of any such Ship or Vessel) of any such recovered. Owner or Owners as aforesaid, rendering the Overplus (if any there be), after deducing all the Costs, Charges and Expences of any Summonses, Informations, Complaints, Hearings, Warrants, ana of such Distress, and the keeping, Appraisement or Sale thereof, or otherwise relating thereto, unto the Person or Persons whose Goods and Chattels shall be so distrained and fold; and in case sufficient Distress shall not be found for Payment and Satisfaction of the Amount of Wages so ordered to be paid by such Justice or Justices, and the fame, with such Costs, Charges and Expences as aforesaid, shall not be paid within the said Period of Two Day8, it shall and may be lawful for such Justice or Justices of the Peace, and they are hereby authorised and required, by Warrant or Warrants under their Hands and Seals, to levy the Amount of the Wages so ordered to be paid, together with such Costs, Charges and Expences as aforesaid, on the Ship or Vessel for the Service on board which such Wages shall be so ordered to be paid, or any of the Tackle, Furniture or Apparel thereof, rendering the Overplus thereof (if any ), after Payment of such Expences as aforesaid, to the Master or Commander or Owner thereof; and the Decision of such Justice as aforesaid shall be final and conclusive Justice's Deter-as well on such Seaman, Mariner or other Person, as upon such Master or Commander, or other Person taking mination final, the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel, and the Owner or Owners thereof; save and except in such Cases in which an Appeal shall be interposed by either Party to the High Court of Admiralty, such Appeal within §3^ to be interposed within the Space of Seven Days after the Order of the said Justice or Justices so to be made as Days, aforesaid.

II. And be it further enacted, That in case the Seaman or Mariner, or other Person so claiming to be Notice of entitled to such Wages as aforesaid, or the Party or Parties who is or are ordered to pay the same, or their Appeal.

Agents respectively, shall be dissatisfied with such Order and Decilion of the Justice or Justices touching such Wages as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for either of them respectively, within Forty eight Hours after the making such Order as aforesaid, but not afterwards, to give Notice in Writing, to the Justice or Justices so

5X2 making

C. 58.

59° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1819.

Bail to be given on Service of Notice.

Commissioner or Justice to certify same.

Proviso for Agreements entered into by Seamen before the passing of this Act.

Proviso for Seamen in respect of any Remedy which may now be resorted to.

Act not to extend to Scotland.

[Public Act.]

[Continuance of Act.]

making such Order, of his, her or their Desire of obtaining the Judgment of the High Court of Admiralty respecting the said Wages and the Order so made thereon as aforesaid, by delivering the same to such Justice or Justices, or leaving the fame at their last or most usual Place of Abode; and thereupon the Party so refitting or disputing the Claim to such Wdges, or the Order to be made by such Justice or Justices thereon, shall be compelled to proceed within Thirty Days from the Date of such Order, by taking out a Monition against the adverse Party, and shall, on the Service of such Notice, give good and sufficient Bail in double the Amount of the Wages so ordered to be paid as aforesaid, and which Bail shall be taken by a Commissioner for taking Examinations in Prize Causes, if there shall be One in the Port or Place where such Difference shall arise or Order be made, but if there shall be no such Commissioner there, then the said Justice or Justices who shall pronounce such Order, or any other of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, are hereby authorised to take the fame; and the Commissioner, Justice or Justices, who shall take such Bail, shall certify the fame according to the Form contained in the Schedule hereunto annexed, and transmit the fame without Delay to the High Court of Admiralty, and also a Copy of the Order so made by such Justice or Justices, on unstamped Paper, certified under the Hand or Hands of such Commissioner, Justice or Justices taking the Bail as aforesaid, and the same shall be admitted by such Court of Admiralty as Evidence in the Cause.

III. And be it further enacted, That no Seaman or Mariner or other Person, by entering into or signing any Contract or Agreement as required by the several Statutes now in force for that Purpose, or into any Covenant, Stipulation or Agreement to be comprised in any such Contract or Agreement, which shall have the Effect, or be designed or intended to have the Effect, of depriving such Seaman, Mariner or other Person of the Remedies by this Act given for Recovery of Wages so due to him or them as, aforesaid, shall be deprived of or hindred from using any Method or Means for Recovery of Wages, against any Ship, or the Matters or Owners thereof, which immediately before the passing of this Act he might, and which after the said First Day of August he may make use of; and that in all Cases where it shall or may be necessary, in resorting to the Remedies by this Act given for Recovery of such Wages as aforesaid, that the Agreement or Agreements in Writing aforesaid should be produced before such Justice or Justices as aforesaid, no Obligation shall be on any Seaman, Mariner or other Person as aforesaid, to produce the fame, but such Obligation mall lie on the Matter or Commander, or other Person having the Charge or Command, or the Owner or Owners of the Ship or Vessel for which the Wages shall be demanded; and no Seaman or Mariner shall fail in any Complaint or Proceeding before any Justice or Justices for Recovery of Wages for want of such Agreement or Agreements being produced, but shall and may proceed therein as if no such Agreement in Writing had been made.

IV. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to deprive any Seaman, Mariner or other Person as aforesaid, of any Remedy, Means or Process which may now be resorted to or used against any Ship or Vessel, or the Matter or Commander or Person having the Charge of such Ship or Vessel, or the Owner or Owners thereof, for the Recovery of Wages due for serving on board of any such Ship or Vessel.

V. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Scotland

VI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others whomsoever, without being specially pleaded.

VII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue in force for Seven Years from the paflinc^ hereof.

The SCHEDULE referred to by this Act.

1 nN Day of in the Year of our Lord One thousand

4 to wit. J eight hundred and before at in

1 the County 01 A.B. and C.D. appeared personally, and produced themselves as

Sureties for the Matter of the Ship and for the Owners thereof, and

f submitting themselves to the Jurisdiction of the said Court of Admiralty of England, bound themselves, 1 their Heirs, Executors and Administrators, for the said Matter and Owners of the said Ship, in the Sum of c each of lawful Money of Great Britain, unto E. F. a Seaman having served on

board the said Ship, to answer the Amount of such Wages as shall be hereafter decreed by the said Court to be due to the said E. F.y according to the Tenor of the Act in that Case made and provided; and unless they shall so do, they hereby content that Execution shall issue forth against them, their Heirs, Executors and Administrators, Goods and Chattels, whereon the same shall be found, to the Value of the Sum above mentioned.'

This Bail was duly taken, acknowledged and received at the time hereinbefore' above written, before me the undersigned Commissioner, [or, as the undersigned Justice or Justices of the Peace] and I [or, we] do believe and consider the Persons above mentioned sufficient Security for the Sum above pientioned.

A.D. 1819. 59° GEORGII IIt

60

889

CAP. LIX.

An Act to extend the Provisions of an Act made in the Fifty fifth Year of His present Majesty, for the Payment of Wages due to deceased Seamen and Marines, to Wages due to Intestate Bastards.

[2d July 1819.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An 4 W Act to repeal federal Acts relating to the Execution of Letters of Attorney and Wills of Petty Officers, Seamen and Marines, in His Majesty's Navy, and to make new Provisions respecting the fame, it was enacted, that

where any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Twenty Pounds should be due for the Services as in the said Act mentioned of any Petty Officer or Seaman, Non Commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, deceased, it should and might be lawful for the Inspector of Seamen's Wills to issue or cause to be issued a Certificate in the

Form or to the Effect and for the Purpose in the said Act mentioned: And Whereas it is expedient that the said Provisions should be extended to the Petty Officers and Seamen, Non Commissioned Officers of Marines, and Marines, who being born Bastards shall nave died or shall die intestate; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That where any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Twenty Pounds shall be due for the Services in the said recited Act mentioned of any Petty Officer or Seaman, Non Commissioned Officers of Marines, or Marine, who being born a Bastard, shall have died or shall die intestate, in order that the Person or Persons who shall be entitled to the Effects, or any Part thereof, by Grant or Grants from the Crown, may not be put to great Expence, it shall and may be lawful for the Inspector of Seamen's Wills, upon Inspection and Examination of such Grant or Grants, to issue or cause to be issued a Certificate in the Form or to the Effect provided by the said Act in the case of any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Twenty Pounds being due for the Services of any Petty Officer or Seaman, Non Commissioned Officers of Marines, or Marine, deceased, and that all and every other the Provisions, Enact-ments, Clauses, Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures provided by the said Act in those Cases, shall from and after the passing of this Act be applied and extended to all Cases of Certificates issued or caused to be issued by the Inspector of Seamen's Wills upon Grants from the Crown of any Sum or Sums not exceeding the Sum of Twenty Pounds, due for or in respect of the Services of any Petty Officer or Seaman, Non Commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, who being born a Bastard shall have died or shall die intestate.

CAP. LX.

An Act to permit the Archbishops of Canterbury and York, and the Bishop of London, for the time being, to admit Persons into Holy Orders specially for the Colonies.

[2d July 1819.]

WHEREAS it ris expedient that the Archbishops and Bishops of this Realm should from time to time admit into Holy Orders Persons specially destined for the Cure of Souls in His Majesty's Foreign

Posseflion8, although such Persons may not be provided with the Title required by the Canon of the Church of England, of such as are to be made Ministers: And Whereas it will greatly tend to the Advancement of

Religion within the same, that due Provision shall be regularly made for a Supply of Persons properly qualified to serve as Parsons, Vicars, Curates or Chaplains 5' Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act it shall be lawful for the Archbishop of Canterbury, the Archbishop of York or the Bishop of London, for the time being, or any Bishop specially authorised and empowered by any or either of them, to admit into the Holy Orders of Deacon or Priest any Person whom he shall upon Examination deem duly^qualified specially for the purpose of taking upon himself the Cure of Souls, or officiating in any Spiritual Capacity in His Majesty's Colonies or Foreign Possessions and residing therein, and that a Declaration of such Purpose and a written Engagement to perform the fame under the Hand of such Person, being deposited in the Hands of such Archbishop or Bishop, shall be held to be a sufficient Title with a view to such Ordination; and that in every such Case it shall be distinctly stated in the Letters of Ordination of every Person so admitted to Holy Orders, that he has been ordained for the Cure of Souls in His Majesty's Foreign Possessions.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person so admitted into the Holy Orders of Deacon or Priest, for the purpose of taking upon himself the Cure of Souls, or officiating in any Spiritual Capacity in His Majesty's Foreign Possessions, shall be capable of .having, holding or enjoying, or of being admitted to any Parsonage, Vicarage, Benefice or other Ecclesiastical Promotion or Dignity whatsoever, within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or of acting as Curate therein, without the previous Consent and Approbation in Writing of the Bishop of the Diocese, under his Hand and Seal, in which any such Parsonage, Vicarage, Benefice or other Ecclesiastical Promotion or Dignity shall be locally Situated, nor without the like Consent and Approbation of such one of the said Archbishops, or Bishop of London, by whom, or by whole Authority such Person shall have been originally ordained, or in case of the Demise or Translation of such Archbishop or Bishop, of his Successor in the fame See: Provided always, that no such Consent and Approbation shall be given by any such Archbishop, or Bishop of London, unless the Party applying for the same shall first produce a Testimony of his good Behaviour during the time of his Residence Abroad, from the Bishop in whose Diocese he may have officiated, or in case there be no Bishop, from the Governor in Council of the Colony in which he may have been resident, or from His Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the Colonial Department.

55 G. 3. c. 6<v

§18.

extended to Cases where Bastards shall die intestate.

Archbishop of Canterbury or York, or Bishop of London, &c. may ordain specially for th# Colonies.

Fact stated in Letters of Ordination.

No Person so ordained capable of bolding a Living in Great Britain or Ireland without Consent of Bishop of Diocese, under Seal, &c.

Certificate of good Behfr. viour first produced.

890 C. 6o, 61.

59° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1819.

Persons ordained by Bishops of Quebec* Nova Scotia, or Calcutta, &c. restrained in like manner.

Persons ordained by a Colonial Bishop, &c. not capable of holding Preferment, &c-

Admissions, &c. to Curacies, contrary hereto, void.

[Proviso.]

Proviso for 26 G. 3. c. 84.

Burghs may solicit Aid from County for Gaols.

Proposal of Magistrates to l>c submitted to Commissioners of Supply.

Qualification of Voters.

Commissioners of Supply may appoint a Committee of their Number to confer with Magistrates.

Commissioners of Supply may resolve to give Aid,

III. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act no Person who shall have been admitted into Holy Orders by the Bishops of Quebec, Nova Scotia or Calcutta, or by any other Bishop or Archbishop than those of England or Ireland, mall, be capable of officiating in any Church or Chapel of England or Ireland without special Permission from the Archbishop of the Province in which he proposes to officiate, or of having, holding or'enioying, or of being admitted to any Parsonage or other Ecclesiastical Preferment in England or Ireland, or ot acting as Curate therein, without the Content and Approbation of the Archbishop of the Province, and also of the Bishop of the Diocese in which any such Parsonage or Ecclesiastical Preferment or Curacy may be situated.

IV. Provided always, That no Person who after the passing of this Act shall have been ordained a Deacon or Priest by a Colonial Bishop, who at the time of such Ordination did not actually possess an Episcopal Jurisdiction over some Diocese, District or Place, or was not actually residing within such Division, District or Place, shall be capable in any Way, or on any Pretence whatever, of at any time holding any Parsonage or other Ecclesiastical Preferment within His Majesty's Dominions, or of being a Stipendiary Curate or Chaplain, or of officiating at any Place, or in any manner, as a Minister of the Established Church 01 England and Ireland.

V. And be it further enacted, That all Admissions, institutions and Induftions to Benefices in the Church of England, or Church of Ireland, and all Appointments to act as Curates therein, which shall be made*contrary to the Provisions of this Act, shall be to all Intents and Purposes null and void: Provided always, that nothing herein shall be construed to make void any Admission, Institution or Induction to any Benefice, or any Appointment as Curate, which shall have been made previous to the passing of this Act.

VI. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to affect or to repeal any of the Provisions of an Act passed in the Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to empower the Archbishop of Canterbury, or the Archbishop of York for the time being, to consecrate to the Office of a Bishop, Persons being Subjects or Citizens of Countries out of His Majesty's Dominions.

CAP. LXI.

An Act to enable Counties and Stewartries in Scotland to give aid to Royal Burghs situated therein,

for the purpose of improving, enlarging or rebuilding their Gaols; or to improve, enlarge or rebuild Common .Gaols of Counties and Stewartries which are not the Gaols of Royal Burghs.

[2d July 1819.]

WHEREAS the Gaols in the different Royal Burghs in Scotland are in general insecure and incom-

modious: And Whereas although by the Law of Scotland Burghs are bound to provide and maintain

proper Gaols, yet the Means of many oT such Burghs are insufficient for the necessary Improvement thereof;

wherefore it is expedient that Counties and Stewartries in Scotland should be enabled to contribute towards the Expence that may be required for improving, enlarging or rebuilding the Gaols of the Royal Burghs

of Scotland, within the same: And Whereas it is expedient that when Common Gaols of Counties and

Stewartries in Scotland, are not the Gaols of Royal Burghs, such Counties and Stewartries should be enabled to improve, enlarge or rebuild such Common Gaols May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if the Magistrates and Council of any Royal Burgh shall deem it expedient to solicit Aid and Assistance from the County or Stewartry in which the same shall be situated, towards improving, enlarging or rebuilding the Gaol of any such Royal Burgh, they shall transmit to the Clerk of Supply of such County or Stewartry, a Proposal in Writing for the Consideration of the Commissioners of Supply of such County or Stewartry. t

II. And be it enacted, That the said Clerk of Supply, upon receiving such Proposal, shall transmit it without Delay to the Convener, who shall call a Meeting of the Commissioners of Supply of such County or Stewartry, for the Consideration of the said Proposal, by public Advertisement in one or more Newspapers published in said County or Stewartry, or if no Newspaper is published therein, by Advertisement in such Newspaper or Newspapers as the Convener usually intimates public County Meetings in for the said County or Stewartry, of which Meeting Six Weeks previous Notice at the least shall be given.

III. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be entitled to vote at any Meeting to be held under this Act, who shall not be a Commissioner of Supply, possessed of the Dominium utile of Laads valued at One hundred Pounds Scots, or the Factor of an abient Commissioner of Supply so qualified, duly authorised to attend and vote for his Constituent at such Meeting.

IV. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for such Commissioners of Supply, or a Majority of them at any such Meeting, if they shall think fit, before coming to a final Resolution upon any such Proposal, to appoint a Committee of their Number to confer with the Magistrates and Town Council making such Proposals, and for the purpose of arranging with them all the Details that may be necessary to enable the Commissioners off Supply to satisfy themselves as to the Propriety of affording Aid towards the Purpose solicited, and for settling the Plan or Plans necessary for the Execution of the Work, and for ascertaining the Expence thereof.

V. And be it enacted, That after being satisfied as to the Propriety of affording such Aid, and also as to all such Details as may be necessary for settling the Plan of the Work, and the Expence thereof, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners of Supply, at any Meeting speciplly called for that Purpose, or a Majority ef them then assembled, to resolve to give such Aid as they may think fit towards improving, epUrging or rebuilding any such Gaol.

5'VI. And

A.D. 1819. 59° GEORGII III.

C. 6l.

891

Relative Amount of Assessment on Lands and

VI. And be it enacted, That a Copy of the Resolutions of such Meeting, figued by the Clerk of Supply Resolution of of such County or Stewartry, shall thereupon be transmitted to the Magistrates and Town Council of the Commissioners Burgh by whom such Propolal shall have been made; and if within Fourteen Days aftar such Resolutions to betrans-shall have been received by such Magistrates and Town Council, they shall signify their Willingness to such

Clerk of Supply to proceed to improve, enlarge or rebuild their Gaol, in the manner that shall have been upon their Con-expressed in such Resolutions, then the Commissioners of Supply of such County or Stewartry shall be and sent, Asscss-become bound to raise the Money they shall have agreed to contribute for the Purpose specified in such raentmade by Resolutions so transmitted as aforesaid, by an Assessment, which they are hereby authorised to make in the Commissioners, manner directed by this Act.

VII. And be it enacted, That such Assessment shall be made as follows; namely, upon all Lands and Heritages contained in the Valuation Books of such County or Stewartry, according to the valued Rent of such Lands and Heritages, and upon all inhabited Houses within such County or Stewartry, of the annual Value of Five Pounds Sterling or upwards, according to such annual Value; that is to say, for every Five Pounds Scots that shall be assessed on every One hundred Pounds Scots of the valued Rent of Lands and Heritages, there shall be assessed the Sum of One Penny Sterling on every Pound Sterling of the annual Value according to which such inhabited Houses shall be assessed for the House Tax; but it is hereby expressly provided and declared, that inhabited Houses, though of the annual Value of Five Pounds Sterling or upwards, erected or to be erected on Lands valued in the Valuation Books of the said County or Stewartry, anti chargeable with Assessment imposed by this Act on Lands and Heritages so valued to a greater Amount than the Sum for which the said inhabited Houses would be chargeable under this Act, shall not also be liable to the Assessment hereby imposed on inhabited Houses of the aforesaid Value.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That such Assessment shall be made in the Proportions aforesaid, by "VThen such such Commissioners of Supply, at a Meeting to be held for that Purpose, and shall be directed to be levied Assessment at such times as shall be specified in the Order making the Assessment, so that the Sums resolved to be levied*"11 be made, may be collected within the Period requisite for accomplishing the Purposes for which such Aid or Assistance

shall have been resolved to be given.

IX. And be it enacted, That such Assessment upon Lands and Heritages shall be collected by the How and by Collector of the Cess in such County or Stewartry, and such Assessment upon inhabited Houses shall be whom Assesa-collected by the Collector of the Assessed Taxes levied upon such Houses 5 and all the Powers and Authorities m*nt b granted by any Act or A6h of Parliament to such Collector of the Land Tax, and to such Collector of 00 60

the Assessed Taxes, for the levying and recovering thereof respectively, are hereby given and granted for the levying and recovering of such Assessment.

X. And be it enacted, That all Sums of Money levied by any such Collector of the Land Tax, or Assessment to Collector of the Assessed Taxes respectively, for or in respect of such Assessment, shall, after retaining an be accounted Allowance for their Trouble, not exceeding the Allowance made to them for collecting the Land Tax and Jhr by Col-Assessed Taxes respectively, be paid over and accounted for by every such Collector, to such Person or , ectn, s Persons, and at such time or times, as shall be directed by the said Commissioners of Supply; and if any Collector not such Collector shall not so pay and account for the fame accordingly, every such Collector so making default accounting, shall forfeit Double the Sum so neglected to be paid, to be recovered with Interest thereon by the Clerk Penalty.

of the Commissioners of Supply, who shall sue for the fame before the Judge Ordinary of the Bounds, with Coils or Expences of Process; and such Forfeiture shall be applied to the Purposes for which such Assessment was imposed and levied.

XI. And be it enacted, That the Amount of every such Assessment shall be wholly paid by the Owners of Assessment to Lands as well as Houses: Provided nevertheless, that the whole of such Assessement upon Houses shall be

paid by the Occupiers thereof in the first Instance, but they shall be entitled, and they are hereby authorised, Tenants, ^who*to retain from their Landlords, out of the first Year's Rent, the whole Amount of such Assessment, which may retain, such Landlords are hereby required and obliged to allow as Part of the Rent due for such inhabited Houses, on Production and Delivery of the Collector's Receipt for the same.

XII. And be it enacted, That in all Cases where any Common Gaol of any County or Stewartry in Scotland Power to Com-is not the Gaol of a Royal Burgh, it shall and may be lawful from time to time for any Five or more of missioners to the Commissioners of Supply of any such County or Stewartry, by a Writing under their Hands addressed to

the Convener of such County, to require him within Six Weeks from the Date of such Requisition being i^Burghs^ot made, to call a Meeting of the Commissioners of Supply of such County or Stewartry, to take into being Royal consideration the State of such Common Gaol 5 and such Convener shall thereupon call such Meeting of the Burghs. Commissioners of Supply of such County or Stewartry, to be held within Six Weeks from the Date of the Meeting of Receipt of such Requisition, by Public Advertisement in One or more Newspapers published in such County Commissioners or Stewartry; or if no Newspaper is published therein, by Advertisement in such Newspaper or Newspapers Advertise-as the Convener usually intimates Public County Meetings in for such County or Stewartry. ment.

XIII. And be it enacted, That at such Meeting, or at some Adjournment thereof, such Commissioners of Commissioners

Supply shall settle and determine whether any and what Improvement or Enlargement of such Common Gaol Settle whether is necessary, or if it is necessary to rebuild the fame; and before coming to a final Resolution as to the Plan Enlargement proper to be adopted, shall and may, if they think fit, appoint a Committee of their Number to procure of Gaol neces-Plans and Estimates, and to arrange all necessary Details to enable the said Commissioners to come to a final sa*y. Determination as to the Mode of Proceeding to be adopted: Provided always, that nothing hereiii contained Gaols to be re-shall empower or authorise the rebuilding of such Common Gaol of any County or Stewartry in any Burgh in Burghs or Town, other than the Burgh or Town in which such Common Gaol is at present situated, now^ituatedT

892 C. 6l.

59° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1819.

Hovr to levy and collect Assessments.

Heirs of Entail

charging

Estates.

Mode of Recovery of Three fourths Assessment in Cases of Entailed Estates.

10 G. 3. c. 51.

Rules for Relief among Heirs of Entail.

Commissioners of Supply may borrow Money.

Interest at 5l. per Cent per Annum.

Committee of Superintendence may be appointed.

Power and Responsibility of Magistrates to continue as before.

Prisoners may be removed while Gaol is repairing or rebuilding.

XIV. And be it enacted, That at such First Meeting, or at some Adjournment thereof, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners of Supply, or a Majority of them, to resolve and determine to what Amount such County or Stewartry shall be assessed for the Improvement, Enlargement or rebuilding of any Common Gaol therein, and shall then or at some subsequent Meeting to be held for that Purpose, make such Assessment, and direct the same to be levied at such times as shall be specified in the Order making the Assessment, so that the Sums resolved and determined to be levied, may be collected within the Period requisite for accomplishing the Purposes for which the fame is to be levied; which Assessment shall to such Amount be made and collected in the manner hereinbefore directed with regard to Assessments on Counties and Stewartriep, for Aid to Royal Burghs towards improving, enlarging and rebuilding their Gaols.

XV. And be it enacted, That every Proprietor of an Entailed Estate, who shall pay Assessments under this Act, shall be a Creditor to the succeeding Heirs of Entail in the manner after mentioned, for Three fourth Parts of the Money so to be paid.

XVI. And be it enacted, That the Person or Persons having Right to the Claim arising from Money so to

be paid as aforesaid, by the Proprietor of an Entailed Estate, in discharge of Assessments under this Act, may after the Expiration of One Year from the Death of such Proprietor, require the Heirs succeeding to such Estate to repay the said Three fourth Parts of the said Money so paid, with the legal interest thereof, from the Term at which the said succeeding Heir's Right to the Rents of the Estate shall commence, upon receiving a proper Assignment and Conveyance of the said Claim; and if the Money so due be not paid within Three Months after such Requisition, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons having Right thereto, to sue the said Heirs in the manner directed for the Recovery of Money expended in the Improvements of Entailed Estates, by an Act passed the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to encourage the Improvement of Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, in that Part of Great Britain, called Scotland* held under the Settlements of flriff Entail. v

XVII. And be it enacted, That the same Rules of Relief among succeeding Heirs of Entail, and their Heirs and their Successors, of the Claims for Debt, and of Preference in Competition of Rents, and in subjecting Defenders to the Payment of Coils, shall take place with regard to Monies expended by the Proprietors of Entailed Estates in Payment of Assessments under this Act, as are enacted by the said Act, passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, with respect to Monies expended by Proprietors of Entailed Estates, in making Improvements upon their Estates, for increasing the Rents and Value thereof.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That such Commissioners of Supply shall have Power, and they are hereby authorised and empowered, to borrow and take up at Interest, on the Security of the Assessment hereby authorised to be levied, such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall judge requisite for defraying the Share or Proportion of the Expence of improving, enlarging or rebuilding any Gaol, towards the Expence of which they may think fit to contribute; or for improving, enlarging or rebuilding such Common Gaol of the County or Stewartry, as the case may be; provided that the whole Amount of the Money so borrowed shall not exceed such Sum as they shall have so resolved to contribute; and it shall be lawful for such Commissioners of Supply, and they are hereby empowered, to assign or make over the Whole or any Part of the Assessmsfit hereby authorised to be made, to any Person or Persons willing to lend Money on the Security thereof, at a Rate not exceeding Five Pounds Sterling per Centum per Annum; and every such Assignment shall be made and executed by the Clerk of Supply, being specially authorised to do so at a General Meeting of the Commissioners of Supply, and shall be entered m a Book or Books to be kept by him for that Purpose, which Book or Books may be seen and perused by any Person or Persons interested therein without Fee or Reward; and all such Assignments so executed shall be transferrable by Indorsement, duly subscribed by the Party transferring, in the Presence of One or more subscribing Witness or Witnesses.

XIX. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for such Commissioners of Supply to appoint a Committee of their Number to superintend the Execution of any Work to which they may so contribute, or which they may so resolve to execute (as the case may be), and the proper Application of the Money contributed for that Purpose.

XX. And be it enacted, That when the Gaol of any Royal Burgh, to the improving, ?nlargirig or rebuilding of which, Aid shall have been afforded under this Act, shall have been completed, and with any Yards, Courts, Out Offices or Conveniences therein, shall be used for confining Debtors, Felons, Vagrants and other Delinquents, the Magistrates and Town Council of the Burgh wherein the same shall be situated, and the Gaoler or Keeper, Gaolers or Keepers of such Gaol shall be respectively answerable, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, for the safe Custody of all such Persons as shall from time to time be committed to his or their Custody in such Gaol, in the like manner as any Magistrates and Town Council and the Gaolers employed by them now are by Law liable; and such Magistrates and Council shall have the fame Power over such Gaol and the Gaolers and Keepers thereof, and the Debtors, Felons, Vagrants and other Delinquents who shall be confined therein, as they had in the Gaol before the same shall have been improved, enlarged or rebuilt; and such Magistrates and Town Council, so soon as auy such Gaol, so improved, enlarged or rebuilt shall be delivered over to them, shall be bound and obliged to keep and maintain the fame in good and sufficient Repair, from the Funds of the Burgh, in all time coming.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That if it shall be found necessary, for the purpose of improving, enlarging or rebuilding any Gaol of any Royal Burgh now existing, that the Prisoners therein should be removed during the Period of such Improvement, Enlargement or rebuilding, it shall be lawful for the Magistrates of the Burgh within which such Gaol is situated, to remove such Prisoner or Prisoners to any secure Place of Confinement within the said Burgh, or to any other Gaol within the said County or Stewartry,

6 until

A.D. 1819. 59° GEORGII III.

0.61, -62. 893

until such Improvement, Enlargement or rebuilding shall be completed; and it shall be lawful for all Persons>

legally authorised to commit other Debtors, Felons and Delinquents, to commit them to the fame; and

when any such improved, enlarged or new Gaol shall be fit for the Reception of Prisoners, it shall be lawful for the Magistrates and Town Council of the Burgh in which such improved, enlarged or new Gaol shall be

situated, and the Keeper or Keepers of such Gaol, to remove thereto all such Debtors, Felons and other

Prisoners as shall then be confined in such other secure Place of Confinement; and such Removal or Removals,

and the Airings or Exercising of the Prisoners who shall be confined in the improved, enlarged or new Gaol,

in any Yards, Courts, Out Offices or Conveniences thereunto belonging, shall not be deemed or taken to be

an Elcape or Escapes: Provided always, That the Magistrates of such Burghs shall continue to be responsible Responsibility

for the safe Custody of all such Debtors, Felons and other Prisoners, during their Removal to or Confinement of Magfetiates

in such other secure Place of Confinement. to continue'

XXII. And be it enacted, That if it shall be found necessary for the improving, enlarging or rebuilding Prisoners may any Common Gaol, within any County or Stewartry, not being the Gaol of a Royal Burgh, that the Pn- he removed foners therein should be removed during the Period of such Improvement, Enlargement or rebuilding, it shall Gaols are be lawful for the Justices of the Peace for such County or Stewartry in General Sessions assembled, to direct rebuiidmlr^n the Removal of such Prisoners, and for all Persons legally authorised to commit other Debtors, Felons and Cases where Delinquents, to any secure Place of Confinement within such County or Stewartry, until such Improvement, the same are Enlargement or rebuilding shall be completed; and when any such improved, enlarged or new Gaol shall be not in °J*1 fit for the Reception of Prisoners, it shall be lawful for such Justices, io assembled as aforesaid, to direct the ur^hs* Removal thereto of all such Debtors, Felons or other Prisoners as shall then be confined in such secure

Place of Confinement, and should by Law be confined in such Common Gaol of the County or Stewartry; and

such Removal and Removals, and the Airings and Exercisings of the Prisoners who shall be confined in such

improved, enlarged or new Gaol, in any Yards, Courts, Out Offices or Conveniences thereto belonging, shall not be deemed or taken to be an Escape or Escapes 5 and the legal Responsibility for the Safe Custody of all Responsibility

Persons committed to such Gaol, and the Burden and Obligation to keep and maintain the fame in good of Magistrates

Condition, shall, after such Improvement, Enlargement or rebuilding, be no ways altered thereby, or by any to continue*

thing in this Act contained.

XXIII. And be it enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think himself, herself or themselves aggrieved Appeal against by any Assessment imposed by virtue of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for such Person or Persons, within A888111114* Three Months after any such Assessment shall have been demanded, but not afterwards, to appeal against the same to the Justices of the Peace at the Quarter Sessions of the County or Stewartry wherein the subject Matter of the Complaint shall have arisen; giving Fourteen Days' Notice of such Appeal to the Collector of the Af- Notice, feffment, and lodging with such Appeal a Bond, with sufficient Surety or Caution for fulfilling and implementing the Sentence to be pronounced, and for paying such Expences as shall be awarded by the said Justices of the Peace, who are hereby authorised to determine the Matter in Dispute, and their Judgment shall be exclusive of all other Jurisdiction, and shall be final and conclusive without being subject to Review in any Court Final, what foe ver.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons, for any thing done in pursuance or by virtue of this Act, after Six Calendar Months from the time the Fast was committed or the Cause of Action had occurred for which such Action or Suit shall be brought; and the Defender or Defenders in any such Action or Suit may produce this Act, and plead that the fame was done by Authority and in virtue thereof; and if it shall appear so to be done, or if any such Action or Suit shall be brought after the time hereby limited for bringing the same, then and in such Case the Defender or Defenders shall be affoilzied from such Action or Suit, and the Pursuer or Pursuers therein shall be found liable to pay the whole Expence of Process incurred by the Defender or Defenders.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be Public Act judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

Limitation of Actions.

CAP. LXII.

An Act for the Protection of Banks for Savings in Scotland.

[2d July 1819.]

WHEREAS certain Institutions called Parish Banks, or Banks for Savings, have been established in Scotland, for the safe Custody and Increase of small Savings, belonging to the industrious Classes of His Majesty's Subjects: And Whereas it is expedient to give Protection to such Institutions as may be

desirous of the fame, and to the Funds thereby established, and to afford Encouragement to the Formation of

like Institutions May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal,

and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if any Number Persons de-of Persons shall be desirous of having the Benefit of the Provisions of this Act, and shall have formed or shall arous of the form any Institution in any Part of Scotland, for the purpose of receiving Deposits of Money for the Benefit of the Persons depositing the fame, and of returning the Whole or any Part of such Deposit, and the Produce RuleT* thereof, to the Depositors themselves, or to their Heirs, Executors, Assignees or other persons entitled thereto and Regula-under the Provisions of this Act, deducting only out of such Produce so much as shall be requisite for the Pay- tions as herein ment and Discharge of the necessary Expences attending the Management of such Institution, according to such mentioned. Rules, Orders ana Regulations as shall or may be established for that Purpose; such Persons shall cause the Rules, Orders and Regulations, established or to be established for the Management of such Institution, to be 59 Geo. III. 5 Y entered.

Rules to be exhibited to Quarter Sessions, and there deposited; and when attested, entered in Bfokaof the Institution.

Fee to Clerk.

Rules, &c. may be altered, &c.

Persons depositing Money to lithe sole Benefit thereof; escept as to Allowance for Salaries, &c.

Rules binding after their Exhibition and Evidence.

Expence of Copies.

Receipts and Issues exempted from Stamp Duties.

Money and Effects of Institution vested in Trustees.

Securities for Money, &c. exempt from Stamp Duty.

C. 61. 59° GEORGII III. A.D. 1819.

entered, recorded and deposited in manner herein after directed, and thereupon shall be deemed to be entitled to and shall have the Benefit of the Provisions contained in this Act.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no such Inflkution as aforesaid shall have the Benefit of this Act, unless a written or printed Copy of the Rules, Orders and Regulations for the Management thereof, signed by Two of the Managers of such Institution, shall be exhibited to the Justices of the Peace assembled at the Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the Shire or Stewartry within which such Institution shall be situated; which Rules, Orders and Regulations shall be subject to the Review of such Justices, who shall and may, after due Examination thereof, annul and make void such Part of the same as shall be repugnant to this Act, and shall allow and confirm the fame, , or such Part thereof as shall be conformable to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; and after the Confirmation as aforesaid of the Rules, Orders and Regulations of such Institution, the same shall be signed by the Clerk of the said Justices, attesting their Approbation thereof; for which Atteflation, and all the Expence and Labour attending the fame, the said Clerk shall be entitled to charge the Sum of Ten Shillings and Sixpence, and no more; and such Rules, Orders and Regulations so attested, shall be deposited with the Clerk of the said Justices, who is hereby specially required to receive and preserve the fame among other the Records in his Custody, and to grant an attested Copy of the same to the Person or Persons by whom the same shall have been exhibited, without any Fee or Reward to be paid in respect thereof; which Rules, Orders and Regulations so attested, shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose by such Institution; provided that nothing herein contained shall extend to prevent any Alteration in or Amendment of any such Rules, Orders and Regulations, deposited as aforesaid, or to the repealing or annulling of the fame, or of any of them, in whole or in part, or to the making of any new Rules, Orders or Regulations for the Management of any such Institution, in such manner as shall be directed by the Rules, Orders and Regulations thereof; provided such new Rules, Orders and Regulations, or such Alterations or Amendments shall be entered in the Book or Books of the said Institution kept as aforesaid; and a written or a printed Copy thereof shall be exhibited, approved of, attested and deposited as aforesaid, before the same shall be put m force.

III. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the Persons depofking Money with any Institution taking the Benefit of this Act, or their Heirs, Executors or other Persons entitled thereto under the Provisions of this Act, shall have the foie Benefit of such Deposits and the Produee thereof, in the manner provided by the said Rules, Orders and Regulations; save only and except such Salaries and Allowances, or other necessary Expences, as shall, according to such Rules, Orders and Regulations, be specified for con-du6ling such Institution, and for Remuneration to Clerks and Servants employed in the Management thereof, exclusive of the Trustee or Trustees and other Persons having Control and Diretftion in the Management of such Institution, who shall not directly or indirectly have any Salary, Allowance, Profit or Benefit whatsoever therefrom, on account of such Control and Direction, beyond the actual Expences for the Purposes of such Institution.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all Rules, Orders and Regulations, from time to time made and in force for the Management of any Institution taking the Benefit of this Act, and duly exhibited, entered, approved of, attested and deposited as aforesaid, shall be binding on the Several Members and Trustees of such Institution, and the Several Depositors therein, and their Representatives and Persons entitled as aforesaid, under the Provisions of this Act, all of whom shall be deemed and taken to have full Notice thereof by the Entry and Deposit aforesaid; and all such Rules, Orders and Regulations as aforesaid, or a certified Copy thereof, under the Hands of the Clerk of the Said Justices, shall be received as Evidence in all Cases; and such Clerk shall be bound to fumish such Copies to all concerned, without Fee or Reward, except the a6fcual Expence of making such Copy at the Rate of Sixpence for each and every Sheet thereof containing at least Two hundred Words,; and neitner such Copy, nor any Receipt or Acknowledgment granted to any Depositor or Depositors, at the time of making any Deposit in any Institution taking the Benefit of this Act, or granted by any such Depositor or Depositors, or their Heirs, Executors or other Persons entitled as aforesaid under the Provisions of this Act, at the time of drawing out his, her or their Share or Shares in the Funds of the Institution, or any Part thereof, shall be subject to or chargeable with any Stamp Duty whatever.

V. And be it further enacted, That all Money, Goods and Effects whatever, and all Securities for Money or other obligatory Instruments, and all Rights or Claims belonging to any Institution taking the Benefit of this Act, shall be veiled in such Person or Persons as shall be appointed by the Rules, Orders and Regulations of the Institution, Trustee or Trustees for the time being, for the Use and Benefit of such Institution and the respective Depositors therein, and the Heirs, Executors or Persons entitled under the Provisions of this Act, according to their respective Claims and Intereils; and after the Death, Resignation or Removal of any such Trustee or Trustees, the same shall vest in their Successors in Office by virtue of their Appointment as such, and for the same Uses and Purposes, and subject to the fame Trusts, without any Assignation or Conveyance whatever; and such Trustee or Trustees shall and may, in all Cases concerning the Property, Rights or Claims aforesaid of such Institution, sue and be fried in their proper Name or Names, as Trustee or Trustees of such Institution, without any other Description; and no such Action or Cause shall be discontinued by the Death of such Person or Persons, or by his or their Removal from the Office of Trustee or Trustees, oragainli the succeeding Trustee or Trustees as aforesaid, but the same shall and may be proceeded in by the succeeding Trustee or Trustees as aforesaid, any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding; dec haring always, that no Securities for Money or other obligatory Instruments belonging to or granted for or in respect of any such Institution, and no Proceedings in any Action or Cause touching or concerning the Property, Rights or Chaims of any such Institution, mail be subject to or chargeable wkh any Stamp Duty whatever;

and

A.D. 1819. 59° GEORGII III. , 63.895

and that no Advertisement in any Newspaper, relative to any such Institution, shall be chargeable with any Duty to Government.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if the Rules and Regulations of any Institution taking the Benefit of Bond, &c. not this Act, shall require any Bond, Obligation or Security to be given to the Trustees or Managers, by the Trea- charged with surer or any other Officer of such Institution, such Bond or other Security, or any Extract thereof, or any Stamp Duty. Power of Attorney relative thereto, shall not be charged or chargeable with any Stamp Duty whatever.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person entitled to Money in any Institution taking the Benefit HowDepo&i-of this Act, shall be desirous of bequeathing his or her Share or Interest therein, or any Part thereof, he or tors may be-she shall effectually carry his or her Intention into execution, by subscribing any Holograph Writing expressive questh their of such Intention, and if not Holograph, but in the Hand Writing of some other Person, then by subscribing are?* thereto his or her Name, or by exhibiting thereto his or her Mark, in the Presence of Two credible Witnesses, by whom also such Writing shall be subscribed as Witnesses; and the Trustee or Trustees, and all other Confirmation Persons appointed or to be appointed by the Rule3, Orders and Regulations of any such Institution, and in to be obtained virtue of such Appointment, having Control and Direction in the Management of the Funds thereof, are hereby fr?in the Com-specially required to give full Effect to every such Writing Holograph, or so subscribed and witnessed as aforesaid, by paying or otherwise disposing 01 any such Share or Interest as aforesaid, or any Part thereof exceeds aoL thereby bequeathed, in the Manner therein directed, and by taking for the fame the Receipt or Discharge of the Person or Persons entitled to such Bequest, without any Confirmation being obtained from the Commissary Court, provided the Amount does not exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds 5 and upon Confirmation being obtained from the Commissary Court when the Sum shall exceed Twenty Pounds, in the Manner directed by an Act passed in the Forty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to repeal the 44 G. 3. c. 98. federal Duties under the Commissioners for managing the Duties upon Stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper, in §3*

Great Britain, and to grant new and additional Duties in lieu thereof; provided always, that no Stamp Duty if Sum ndt or Legacy Duty shall be charged for or in respect of any Receipt granted for any Sum bequeathed by any more than 50l. such Writing as aforesaid, where the Amount shall not exceed Fifty Pounds* no ^uty*

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person entitled to any Sum of Money deposited with Shares to go any Institution taking the Benefit of this Act, shall die, leaving any Sum or Sums of Money deposited with to Rep*-such Institution, or any-Dividends or Interest due thereon, belonging to him or her at the time of his or her

Death, and not disposed of as aforesaid, and in case no Settlement thereof shall be exhibited to the Managers be^uea e of such Institution within Six Calendar Months after the Decease of any such Person, nor any Claim made by any Person or Persons showing a better Title thereto, the same shall be paid over to such Representative or Representatives of such Person so dying, as shall be entitled thereto by the ordinary Rules of Law regulating Succession in Scotland; and that without any Confirmation being obtained from the Commissary Cotirt, provided the Amount does not exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

IX. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases not provided for by the Rules and Regulations of any Disputes sub-

Institution taking the Benefit of this Act, where any Matter of Dispute shall arise among the Managers, or to

other Members as aforesaid, of any such Institution, or of any Persons acting under them, and any Individual sh^determine Depositor therein, or any Executor, Administrator, next of Kin or Creditor of any deceased Depositor, or therein.

any Person claiming to be such Executor, Administrator, next of Kin or Creditor, then and in such Case such Matter of Dispute shall be submitted to the Sheriff or Stewart or his Substitute of the Shire or Stewartry within which such Institution is situated, for his Decision; whereupon the said Sheriff or Stewart or his Substitute shall be bound to decide forthwith, and his Decision shall be final and conclusive and binding on Decision final, all Parties, and in no case whatever shall it be competent to bring such Decision under the Review of any Court of Law whatever, by Appeal, Suspension, Advocation, Reduction or any other Form of Process; and no Bond, Receipt or Discharge for or in respect of any Sum of Money paid upon such Reference or in consequence of such Decision, shall be subject to or chargeable with any Stamp Duty whatever.

CAP. LXIII.

An Act to explain an Act passed in the Fifty fifth Year of His present Majesty, for purchasing an Estate for the Duke of Wellington.

[2d July 1819.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled 53 G. 3. c. 4.

' An Act for granting a Sum of Money for purchasing an Estate for the Marquis of Wellington and his

Heirs, in consideration of the eminent and signal Services performed by the said Marquis of Wellington to His Majesty and the Public: And Whereas another Act was passed in the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of 54 G. 3. e. x6r. 4 His present Majesty, intituled An Act for settling and securing an Annuity on Arthur Duke of Wellington

and his Heirs, and for empowering the Lord High Treasurer or Lords Commissioners of the Treasury to advance,

out of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, a Sum of Money in lieu of such Annuity, to purchase an Estate in order to accompany the said Title, in consideration of the eminent and signal Services performed by the said Duke of Wellington to His Majesty and to the Public; and for making further Provision for the Disposal of a 4 Sum of Money granted by an Act of the left Session of Parliament, for purchasing an Estate for the said Duke,

then Marquis of Wellington: And Whereas another Act was passed in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of 55 G. 3. c. 186. 4 His present Majesty, intituled An Act for granting an additional Sum of Money for providing a suitable Reftdence and Estate for the Duke of Wellington and his Heirs, in consideration of the eminent and signal Services performed by the said Duke to His Majesty and the Public: And Whereas the Trustees under the said recited Acts are authorised by the said first recited Act to lay out the Sum of One hundred thousand Pounds*

granted by the said first recited Act, in Exchequer Bills or other Government Securities, and from time to

5 Y 2*time

Interest arising from Exchequer Bills or Government Securities purchased with the 200, 0001, granted by 55 G. 3. c. 186. to be paid to the Duke of Wellington, or applied by the TVusteea as he shall direct.

8 &9W. 3. c. 27. §12*

Bill may be filed against the Warden of the Fleet, in Vacation.

Memorandum of the time of filing and receiving such Bill to be indorsed.

C. 63, 64, 65. 59° GEORGII III. A.D. 1819.

' time to pay the Intere 11 arising therefrom to His Grace the Duke of Wellington, or the Person entitled thereto for the time being: And Whereas the Annuity granted by the said recited Act of the Fifty fourth

Year aforesaid is also made payable to the said Duke of Wellington, or the Person entitled thereto for the ' time being, under the Provisions of the said Act: And Whereas the Trustees under the said recited Acts

are by the said last recited Act of the Fifty fifty Year aforesaid empowered to lay out the Sum of Two ' hundred thousand Pounds granted by the said Act, or such Part thereof as may not be immediately applied 1 in the building, providing or purchasing any Residence or Estate under the said Act, in Exchequer Bills, 1 or in any other Government Securities bearing Interest, until the fame can be invested in any such Purchase ' as is directed by the said recited Acts; but no Provision is contained in the said Act in relation to the

Application of the Interest which has arisen or may from time to time arise from any such Exchequer Bills

or Government Securities, and Doubts have thereupon arisen whether the Trustees are empowered to pay ' the same to the Duke of Wellington, or the Person entitled for the time being, in like manner as is directed 1 by the said Two first recited Acts in relation to the Interest of the said Sum of One hundred thousand

Pounds granted by the first recited Act, and the Annuity granted by the said recited Act of the Fifty

fourth Year aforesaid 5 and it is therefore expedient that such Doubts should be removed : Be it therefore declared and enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for the Trustees under the said recited Acts, and they are hereby empowered and authorised, to pay all Arrears of Interest which may have arisen, and all Interest which may hereafter accrue and arise from any Exchequer Bills or Government Securities purchased with the said Sum of Two hundred thousand Pounds, or any Part thereof, to the said Duke of Wellington, or the Person for the time being entitled under the said Acts to the Estate to be purchased under the Provision thereof, or to apply the fame in such manner from time to time as shall be directed by the said Duke of Wellington, or such other Person as aforesaid, in like manner in every respect as if such Interest had been made payable to the said Duke of Wellington, or such Person as aforesaid, with the Interest of the said Sum of One hundred thousand Pounds, and the Annuity granted by the said first recited Acts; any thing in the said last recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. LXIV.

An Act: to facilitate Proceedings against the Warden of The Fleet, in Vacation.

[2d July 1819.]

WHEREAS by the Practice of His Majesty's Courts of Common Pleas and Exchequer at Westminster, f and also by reason of the Enactment made in the Twelfth Section of the Statute made and passed in the Eighth and Ninth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King William the Third, Chapter twenty ' seven, no Proceedings can be commenced in the time of Vacation, at the Suit of any Person or Persons, i against the Warden of His Majesty's Prison of The Fleet, for or in respect of the Escape of any Prisoner or Prisoners from and out of his Custody: And Whereas it is expedient that the Law and the Practice of the said Courts should be altered in this respect; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons, having Cause or Causes of Action against the Warden of the said Prison, for or in respect of the Escape of any Person or Persons in his Custody, from and out of the said Custody, to commence his or their Action against the said Warden by filing his or their Bill against the said Warden, at any time in Vacation, in the Office of the Prothonotaries of the said Court of Common Pleas, or with the Clerk or Deputy Clerk of the Pleas in the Office of Pleas in the Court of Exchequer, for or in respect of such Escape, and to entitle such Bill as of the preceding Term, a Copy of which said Bill so filed shall, within Twenty four Hours after the filing thereof, unless a Sunday or Public Holiday intervene, and in that Case on the Day next after such Sunday or Public Holiday, be delivered to the said Warden or his Deputy, or to the Turnkey or Porter of the said Prison; and the said Warden shall appear and plead to the said Bill within the first Four Days of the following Term, otherwise it shall be lawful for such Person or Persons, having such Cause or Causes of Action as aforesaid, to sign Judgment against the said Warden in such Action; and for the better ascertaining, as well the time of filing such Bill, as of delivering such Copy thereof as aforesaid, the proper Officer of the Court in which such Bill shall be filed, or his lawful Deputy, shall and he is hereby directed, at the time of filing such Bill, to indorse upon the fame a Memorandum of the time of filing such Bill; and the said Warden or his Deputy, or the Turnkey or Porter of the said Prison shall, and he is hereby directed, at the time of receiving such Copy of the said Bill, to indorse upon such Copy a Memorandum of the time of receiving such Copy as aforesaid.

CAP. LXV.

An Act for granting to His Majesty a Sum of Money to be raised by Lotteries.

[2d July 1819.]

[This Act is the same as 58 G. 3. c. 71. except as to Dates and the Sections that are here insertedr.]

A Sum not ex- III. AND be it further enacted, That such Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the whole Fifteen

ceeding ijl.'for Pounds for every Ticket to be contained in the said Lottery or Lotteries, as shall be fixed upon for the Purpose by the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them, shall be distributed in into Prites^and ^r*ze8 or Benefits to be drawn in the said Lottery or Lotteries, or allotted to the Owner or Owners of any 1 First

A.D. 1819. 59° GEORGII III. C. 65. 897

First or Last drawn Ticket or Tickets, or of any Ticket or Tickets to be drawn between the First and Last as a pwdout of Sup-

fixed Prize or sized Prizes, on any particular Day or Days, in such Proportions and in such Manner as the said Commissioners or any Three or more of them shall diredf; and the same shall be charged upon and be paid

and payable out of all or any of the Aids or Supplies granted in this present Session of Parliament for Great Britain; and the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them, are hereby required and authorised, by Warrant or Warrants under their Hands, to cause such Sum or Sums of Money to be issued

and paid out of the said Aids or Supplies to the Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank

of England, to be by him distributed and paid to and amongst the respective Proprietors of the several

Fortunate or Benefit Tickets, within Two Months after the Conclusion of the Drawing of such Lottery or

Lotteries respectively, or as soon as Certificates can be made out for the Sums due in respect of the fame, in

the manner herein after directed.

IV. And Whereas it may be expedient for the Public Service that Annuities in some of the Public Funds ' may be given as Prizes in the Place of Money; Be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Annuities in Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them, to authorise and empower the Commissioners Public

for the Redemption of the National Debt to appropriate such a Sum, in Annuities, in any of the Public for^rkes Funds (landing in their Names in the Books of the Bank of England as will.be equal to the whole or such f^euof Part of the Sum not exceeding Fifteen Pounds per Ticket to be distributed in Prizes as hereinbefore Money, mentioned, as the Contractor or Contraflors for any Lottery or Lotteries shall request to be given in Stock in the place of Money, which Stock shall be estimated at the mean Price the fame Funds or Annuities shall have been sold at the Bank of England on the last Day of felling the fame previous to the time or times of making such Contra& or Contrails, or of the Day of Approval by the said Commissioners of the Treasury of the Scheme of any Lottery, and shall be transferred to the Holders of the Tickets entitled thereto by the said last mentioned Commissioners, at such times and by authority of such Certificates as are herein after mentioned and described; and the said Commissioners of the Treasury shall account for the Money retained in lieu of the Stock with the other Money raised for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, or shall order such a Sum of Money to be paid to the said Commissioners for Redemption of the National Debt, out of the Sums raised by Sale of Lottery Tickets, or out of any of the Aids or Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, as will be sufficient to buy the fame Amount in Stock as shall have been appropriated for the Prizes before mentioned, or shall cause an Amount of Annuities equal to the Annuities so appropriated to be purchased for or transferred to the said Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, within One Month after such Appropriation.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons to whom such last mentioned Licensed Per-Licence or Licences shall be granted in Great Britain or Ireland respectively, pursuant to this Act, shall, ?D.8 " Great before the Drawing begins, deposit at the Office or Place to be appointed in manner herein after mentioned by denS't

the Commissioners of Stamp Duties in England arid Ireland respectively, and divide into Shares, One divide in hundred and twenty whole undrawn Tickets in each of the Lotteries established as aforesaid, for such Licence Shares a cer-granted to him, her or them, if only One such Licence be granted, and if Two or more such Licences be town Number granted to the same Person or Persons, then and in that Case he, she or they shall, before the Drawing begins, of in

deposit at the Office aforesaid, and divide into Shares, One hundred Tickets for each such Licence, according eor

to the true Intent apd Meaning of this Act, in England, or One hundred such Tickets in Ireland, when the Licences shall Lottery shall consist of Twenty thousand Tickets or upwards, and so in proportion for any smaller Number; be void, &c. and every such Licence, for which no such respective Deposit shall be made, shall be void and of no Effect; and every Person acting under any such Licence, In any of the Matters therein contained, after such Default made, shall be adjudged and considered in every respect as an unlicensed Person; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties in England and Ireland respectively, and they are hereby required upon every such Default, to cause to be published the Names and Places of Abode, and the Description of the Offices of such Person or Persons making such Default as aforesaid, in the London or Dublin Gazette respectively, and declare therein the time when such Default was made, and such Forfeiture shall take place from the time of such Publication.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That every Person to whom any such Licence shall be granted shall Persons to personally appear before the said Commissioners of Stamps in England or Ireland respectively, or such Person whom Ll^fnce* or Persons as they shall respectively appoint, and shall then and there, at the time of granting such Licence or Licences, with One other responsible Person to be approved by the said Commissioners before mentioned Bond.* respectively, give Security by Bond to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, in the Sum of One thousand Pounds; and that the Condition of every such Bond shall be, that if the Person or Persons so to be licensed shall during the Term of such Licence well and truly conform to and observe all the Regulations and Provisions of this Act, and shall not offend against the lame, and shall have duly paid and discharged the proportionate Amount of all such Shares of Fortunate Tickets divided and (harea by such Person or Persons so licensed as aforesaid, as shall have been presented for Payment, and demanded at the House or Place named in the said Licence, to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners of Stamps, then such Bond shall be void, or otherwise to be and remain in full Force and Effect; and the said Commissioners of Stamps, or any Three or more of them, are hereby authorised and required to take such Bond; and if at the End of Twelve Calendar Months after the Expiration of the time for which such Licence shall be granted, > it shall appear to the Satisfaction of the said respective Commissioners of Stamps, that such Person or Persons so licensed hath or have, during the Term of such Licence, well and truly kept, fulfilled and performed the Condition of such Bond, such Commissioners may deliver up such Bond to be cancelled, or otherwise, at their Discretion, cause

every

#9 CL65.

59° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1819.

Lottery In* surers in whose Premises Papers relating to Insurance are found, &c.

every such Bond to be put in Suit; and any Sum which shall be recovered thereupon shall be applied in or towards Payment of any unpaid or undischarged Shares of such licensed Person mentioned in the said Bond, and the Surplus thereof shall be applied as the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury or any Three or more of them may direct or appoint: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the said CommissionerB of Stamps in Ireland to nominate and appoint, some Person in England (being an Officer under the Commissioners of Stamps, or Managers and Directors of the Lottery in England), before whom any Person requiring a Licence for Ireland may appear personally, and execute the Bond hereinbefore mentioned, and do and perform all other things necessary for obtaining the fame: Provided always, that if any Person shall have been appointed for this Service under any former A (El, it shall be considered as a valid Appointment under this Act, until the Commissioners of Stamps shall think fit to revoke the fame, or appoint some other Person far the Purposes aforesaid.

XXXV. And Whereas many evil disposed Persons, to evade the Provisions of the Acts made to punish Persons guilty of insuring for or against the Drawing of Tickets, more particularly described in this Act,

have empowered and authorised, and do empower and authorise Agents for them to take Money for such illegal Contrafts, and have in their Custody or Possession, Account or Accounts, Statement or Statements,

Memorandum or Memorandums in Writing of such illegal Contrafts entered into Be it therefore enacted, ^hat upon Information upon Oath made before any Magistrate or Justice of the Peace, Hating any Person to be a reputed Lottery Insurer, and in the Opinion of the Informer to be in possession of Books, Papers or Memorandums of illegal Contrafts entered into relating to Lottery Insurances, it shall be lawful for, and such Magistrate or Justice of the Peace is hereby required to issue his Warrant, directed to a Constable or Officer

__________ of Police, to empower him with proper Assistance to search the Person of the said reputed Lottery Insurer,

shall be punish- to enter the Dwelling Place and Premises of such Person, and search for and seize all such Papers, Accounts edas Rogues or Memorandums; and if any such be found either upon such or any other Person or Persons in the fame

and Vagabonds. Dwelling Place, or in or about the fame Dwelling Place or Premises, or if any Memorandums of Insurance

in the Lottery or Little Goe should be found at the time of such Search, written in Chalk or otherwise upon or about the Dwelling Place or Premises, then to apprehend and bring the said Person or Persons against whom such Warrant shall have been issued, with, such Person or Persons upon whom such Lottery or Little Goe

Insurance Papers, Accounts or Memorandums were found, before Two Magistrates or Justices of the Peace, and upon Proof before them by Two credible Witnesses upon Oath that such Papers, Accounts or Memorandums do appear to the best of their Knowledge and Belief to relate to the Little Goe, or to Insurance in the Lottery or in the Little Goe, or upon Proof in like manner that such Memorandums were written in Chalk or otherwise on or about the Premises of the Person against whom such Warrant shall have been issued, which could not be brought away without injuring the Premises, such Person or Persons are to be deemed Rogues and Vagabonds, and punished as such,

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That upon the Hearing of any Case before any Magistrates, where it shall be imputed that any Person or Persons is or are become Rogue and Vagabond, or Rogues and Vagabonds, by the committing of any Offence described in this Act, it shall not be permitted to produce any Information upon Oath, whether the same shall have been filed or hot.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That upon Complaint or Information made upon Oath, before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, of any Offence committed against this Act in any House or Place within Offences against the Jurisdiction of any Justice or Justices, whereby any of the Offenders may be liable to Punishment as ^IStheCparSeT" R°gue8 an^ Vagabonds, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Justice or JusticeB before whom such Oatn shall be taken, if he or they shall judge it reasonable, by special Warrant under his or their respective Hands and Seals, to authorise and empower any Person* or Persons, by Day or by Night, but if in the Night Time then in the Presence of a Constable or other lawful Officer of the Peace, who are hereby required to be aiding or assisting therein, to break open the Doors or any Part of such House or Place where such Offence shall have been committed, and to enter into such House or Place, and to seize and apprehend all such Offenders, and all other Persons who shall be discovered in such House or Place, and who shall have knowingly aided or assisted, or been anywise concerned with any such Offender or Offenders, in committing any such Offence, and to convey them before any Justice or Justices of the Peace of the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty or Place wherein such Person shall be so apprehended, to be dealt with according to Law as aforesaid; and all Persons who shall be discovered in such House or Place, knowingly aiding, assisting or in anywise concerned with such Offender or Offenders, in carrying on any Transaction respecting the said Lotteries or either of them, contrary to the express Provisions of this Act, shall be deemed Rogues and Vagabonds, and punishable as such in the Manner directed by this Act, as the Case may require; and it shall and may be lawful for the Officer or Officers having the Execution of such Warrant, and all other Persons acting in his or their Aid or Assistance, to Hop, arrest and detain all and every the Person and Persons so discovered in such House or Place, and to convey the said Person or Persons before such Justice or Justices of the Peace as aforesaid; and if any Person or Persons shall forcibly obstruct, oppose, molest or hinder any such Officer or Officers, or others acting in his or their Aid or Assistance, in the due Execution of their Duty, or in the due entering into such House or Place, or in the seizing, detaining or conveying before such Justice or Justices any such Offender or Offenders, or other Person or Persons as aforesaid, every such Person so obstructing, opposing, molesting or hindering as aforesaid, shall be deemed an Offender against Law and the public Peace, and the Corn! before whom any such Offender shall be tried and convicted shall and may order such Offender to be fined, imprisoned and publicly whipped, as in their Discretion shall be thought fit.

LVII. And Whereas Doubts have anfen whether under and by former Acts passed from time to time, for granting to His Majesty a Sum of Money to be raised by Lotteries, and the Acts commonly called

Little

Information on Oath not permitted.

On Complaint on Oath of

by the Parties may be liable to Punishment as Rogues, Justices may authorise Persons to break open Houses, &c.

Persons discovered in such Houses concerned in carrying on illegal Transactions, to be punished as Rogues. Penalty on Persons obstructing Officers.

A.IX 1819. 59° GEORGII III. C. 6$, .6$. 8^9

Little Goe Acts of the Twenty seventh Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to render more ejfc8ual7 G* 3* c. iv,

1 the Lams now in being for fappressing unlawful Lotteries, and of the Forty second Year of His present 4*3* Il9* Majesty, intituled An Act to supprejs certain Games and Lotteries* not authorised by Lam* the Word " Place"

mentioned in the said Acts respectively was meant to describe any Place used for the purpose of drawing the

illegal Lottery called Little Goe, or for Purposes of Insurance in the Lottery or Little Goe, or in anywise

' relating thereto, be the fame an inclosed Building or notit is therefore hereby declared and enacted, That The Word the Word " Place, " when and where the fame is mentioned and used'in this and the said several above " Place" in-recited Acts relating to the drawing of the said illegal Lottery called Little Goe, or the assembling of Persons tendd 10 "lean for any of the illegal Purposes mentioned therein, or for the purpose of Little Goe or Lottery Insurance,

/hall be taken to extend to and mean any Place in or out of an inclosed Building or Premises, whether upon Land or Water, where such illegal Practices, or any thing relating thereto, shall be carried on or attempted to be carried on.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall be brought before any Two or more Justices Offenders ad-of the Peace for the County, City, Liberty or Place where any Offence against this Act shall have been committed, and shall be convicted of any Offence or Offences against this Act by such Justices, and shall be adjudged a Rogue and Vagabond, then and in every such Case such Justices shall and they are hereby mltted. required to order such Offender to be sent to the House of Correction, there to remain for any Space of time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, nor less than One Calendar Month, but which Terms of Imprisonment shall always be to a Day or time beyond the final Period of the Drawing of the Lottery in respect whereof such Offence shall be committed; and if such Person shall have been convicted of a like Offence under this or any former Act for granting to His Majesty any Sum of Money to be raised by Lotteries, then and in that Case, in addition to the Imprisonment and Punishment last mentioned, it shall be lawful for such Two or more Justices as aforesaid, at their Discretion, to order the Offender or Offenders to be privately whipped; and any such Adjudication or Conviction under this Act may be in the Form following, mutatis mutandis, (that is to say),

' Middlesex \ To the Keeper of

to wit. j r

WHEREAS A.B. of in the County of Middlesex, is this Day duly

convicted before us, C.D. and E. F. Two of the Justices of our Lord the King assigned to keep tbie

Peace of our said Lord the King in and for the said County, and also to hear and determine divers Felonies,

Trespassee, and other Misdemeanors committed within the said County, for that he the said A.B. at

in the said County, on the Day of

£state the Offence] against the Form of the Statute made in the Fifty ninth Year of the Reign of our said ord the King, intituled An Act for granting to His Majesty a Sum of Money to be raised by Lotteries; and the said A.B. having for such Offence been adjudged a Rogue and Vagabond by us the said Justices within the Intent and Meaning of the said Statute, we do order that the said A.B. be committed, and the said*A.B. is hereby by us accordingly committed to the House of Correction at c in and for the said County of Middlesex, there tef remain for the Space of

now next ensuing: And we do hereby require the Keeper of the said House of Correction

to receive into his Custody the Body of the said A.B. herewith sent, and him to safely keep and detain in the < said House of Correction accordingly. Given under our Hands and Seals, et cetera* et cetera.*

And such Proceedings shall not be subject to Appeal, nor shall be removed or removable by Certiorari or Proceedings not otherwise into any Court whatever. r(fT'abl? b7

CAP. LXVI.

An Act to make further Provisions for the Regulation of Cotton Mills and Factories, and for the better Preservation of the Health of young Persons employed therein. [ad July 1819.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the Forty second Year of the Reign of Hie present Majesty, intituled 4* 0.3. c. 73.

An Act for the Preservation of the Health and Morals of Apprentices and others employed in Cotton and other

Mills, and Cotton and other Fadories: And Whereas it is expedient that some further Provision should be made

for the Regulation of Milk, Manufactories and Buildings, employed in the Preparation and spinning of Cotton No Child to

Wool* Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of be employed the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of in Cotton the fame, That from and after the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty, no Child

/hall be employed in any Description of Work, for the spinning of Cotton Wool into Yam, or in any previous Years of Aire. Preparation or such Wool, until he or she shall have attained the full Age of Nine Years.

II. And be it further enacted, That no Person, being under the Age of Sixteen Years, shall be employed No Person

in any Description of Work whatsoever, in spinning Cotton Wool into Yarn, or in the previous Preparation under Sixteen of such Wool, or in the cleaning or repairing of any Mill, Manufactory or Building, or any Millwork uf^d

or Machinery therein, for more than Twelve Hours in any one Day, exclusive of the necessary time for more than 14 Meals; such Twelve Hours to be between the Hours of Five-o'Clock in the Morning and Nine o'Clock in Hours.

the Evening.

III. And be it further enacted, That there shall be allowed to every such Person, in the course of every Hours of Meal Day, not less than half an Hour to Breakfast, and not less than One full Hour for Dinner; such Hour for time.

Dinner t o be between the Hours of Eleven o'Clock in Forenoon and Two o'Clock in the Afternoon.

900 C. 66, 67, 68.

59° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1819.

Year.

Publication of this Act in every Cotton Mill, &c.

Acting contrary to Act.

Penalty. Application of Penalties.

Limitation of Actions.

Public Act

Time to be

IV. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That if at any time, in any such Mill, Manufactory or

made up by ac- Buildings as are situated upon Streams of Water, time shall be loft in consequence of the Want of a due Supply, cidental Inter- or Of an jrxcef8 of Water, then and in every such Case, and so often as the same shall happen, it shall be lawful Selbue of an Proprietors of any such Mill, Manufactory or Building, to extend the before mentioned time of daily

additional Hour Labour, after the Rate of one additional Hour per Day, until such loft time shall have been made good, but per Day. no longer.

Ceilings Ac. V. And be it further enacted, That the Ceilings and interior Walls of every such Mill, Manufactory or cleansed Twice Building shall be washed with Quick Lime and Water Twice in every Year.

VI. And be it further enacted, That in a conspicuous Part of every such Mill, Manufactory or Building, a Copy of this Act, or a full and true Abstract of the Regulations provided hereby, shall be hung up and affixed, and signed by the Proprietors, Manager or Overseer of such Mill, Manufactory or Building; and that such Copy or Abstract shall be kept and renewed, so that the same shall be at all times legible.

VII. And be it further enacted, That every Mailer or Mistress of any such Cotton Mill, Manufactory or Building, who shall wilfully act contrary to or offend against any of the Provisions of this Act, or any of the Provisions of the above recited Act, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, nor less than Ten Pounds, at the Discretion of the Justices before whom such Offender shall be convicted; One Half whereof shall be paid to the Informer, and the other Half to the Overseers of the Poor in England, to the Churchwardens in Ireland, and to the Ministers and Elders in Scotland, of the Parish or Place where such Offence shall be committed; to be by them applied in aid of the Poor Rate in Englandj and for the Benefit of the Poor in Ireland and Scotland, of such rarish or Place: Provided always, that all Informations for Offences against the said recited Act or this Act, shall be laid within Three Calendar Months subsequently to the Offence being committed, and not after the Expiration of such Three Calendar Months: Provided also, that all Penalties inflicted by this Act shall be levied, recovered and applied in manner directed by the said recited Act.

VIII. And be it enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. LXVII.

An Act to continue, until the Thirtieth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty, an Act of the Fifty fourth Year of His present Majesty, for the effectual Examination of Accounts of the Receipt and Expenditure of the Colonial Revenues in the Islands of Ceylon, Mauritius, Malta, Trinidad, and in the Settlements of the Cape of Good Hope.

[2d July 1819.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the effectual Examination of Accounts of the Receipt and Expenditure of the Colonial Revenues ' in the Islands of Ceylon, Mauritius, Malta and Trinidad, and in the Settlements of the Cape of Good Hope,

for Five Tears: And Whereas it is provided by the said recited Act, that the said Act should continue in 1 force for Five Years, and no longer: And Whereas it is expedient that the Powers and Authorities conferred by the said recited Act should be further continued Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Act and all the Powers therein contained, shall continue and be in force from the Thirtieth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen until the Thirtieth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty.

II. And Whereas by virtue of the said recited Act, Edmund Henry Lushingtony Edmund Byng, commonly called the Honourable Edmund Byng, and Culling Charles Smith Esquires, were, by Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Great Britain and Ireland, bearing date the Twenty first Day of January in the Fifty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, appointed Commissioners for the purpose of examining the Accounts aforesaid: And Whereas a Secretary and other Officers, Clerks and other Persons have also been appointed by the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, pursuant to the said Act, to aid and assist the Commissioners: And Whereas it is expedient that the Powers and Authorities with which the said Commissioners are invested under the said recited Act and the said Letters Patent should be continued so long as the said recited Act shall continue and be in force* Be it further enacted, That the said Letters Patent, and all other Appointments made in pursuance of the said recited Act, shall be of the fame Force and Effect as if it had been enacted by the said recited Act that it should continue in force until the Twentieth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty* and no longer.

54 G. 3. c. 184 $16.

Recited Act continued;

and also the Appointment of Commissioners and Officers.

CAP. LXVIII.

An Act for exonerating the Manor of Dawlish in the County of Devon, from the Claims of the Crowa against the Estate of John Inglett Fortescue Esquire.

[2d July 1819.]

44 13 Eliz. c. 4. 25 G. 3. c. 35. recited. The Manor of Daritish, £sV. exonerated from the Claims of the Crown against the Estate of John Inglett Fortescue

C. 69. 901

A.D. 1819. 59° GEORGII III.

CAP. LXIX.

An Act to prevent the enlisting or Engagement of His Majesty's Subjects to serve in Foreign Service, and the fitting out or equipping, in His Majesty's Dominions, Vessels for Warlike Purposes, without His Majesty's Licence.

[3d July 1819.]

WHEREAS the Enlistment or Engagement of His Majesty's Subjects to serve in War in Foreign 4 W Service, without His Majesty's Licence, and the fitting out and equipping and arming of Vessels by His Majesty's Subjects, without His Majesty's Licence, for Warlike Operations in or against the Dominions

or Territories of any Foreign Prince, State, Potentate or Persons exercising or assuming to exercise the

Powers of Government in or over any Foreign Country, Colony, Province or Part of any Province, or against the Ships, Goods or Merchandise of any Foreign Prince, State, Potentate or Persons as aforesaid, or their Subjects, may be prejudicial to and tend to endanger the Peace and Welfare of this Kingdom: And

Whereas the Laws in force are not sufficiently effectual for preventing the fame Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, an Act passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the9Gv 2. c. 30. Second, intituled An Act to prevent the lifting His Majesty's Subjects to serve as Soldiers without His Majesty's Licence; and also an Act passed in the Twenty ninth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George 29 G. 2. c. 17.

the Second, intituled An Act to prevent His Majesty's Subjects from serving as Officers under the French King; and for better enforcing an Act passed in the Ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign to prevent the enlisting His Majesty's Subjects to serve as Soldiers without His Majesty's Licence; and for obliging such of His Majesty's Subjects as shall accept Commissions in the Scotch Brigade in the Service of the States General of the United Provinces, to take the Oaths of Allegiance and Abjuration; and also an Act passed in Ireland in the Eleventh Year of the Reign 11 G. 2. (I.) of His said late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for the more effectual preventing the enlisting of His Majesty's Subjects to serve as Soldiers in Foreign Service without His Majesty's Licence; and also an Act passed in Ireland in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Second, 19 G. 2. (L)

intituled An Act for the more effectual preventing His Majesty's Subjects from entering into Foreign Service^ and for publishing an Act of the Seventh Tear of King William the Thirdy intituled An Act to*prevent Foreign Education; 9 and all and every the Clauses and Provisions in the said several Acts contained, shall be and the same are hereby repealed, repealed.

II. And be it further declared and enacted, That if any natural born Subject of His Majesty, His Heirs Subjects enlist-and Successors, without the Leave or Licence of His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, for that ing or engaging Purpose first had and obtained, under the Sign Manual of His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, to enlist or serve or signified by Order in Council, or by Proclamation of His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, shall take or accept, or shall agree to take or accept, any Military Commission, or shall otherwise enter into^the Military Service as a Commissioned or Non Commissioned Officer, or shall enlist or enter himself to enlist, or shall agree to enlist or to enter himself to serve as a Soldier, or to be employed or shall serve in any Warlike or Military Operation, in the Service of or for or under or in aid of any Foreign Prince, State, Potentate,

Colony, Province or Part of any Province or People, or of any Person or Persons exercising or assuming to exercise the Powers of Government in or over any Foreign Country, Colony, Province or Part of anj'

Province or People, either as an Officer or Soldier, or in any $ther Military Capacity; or if any natural born Accepting Subject of His Majesty shall, without such Leave or Licence as aforesaid, accept, or agree to take or accept, Commis-any Commission, Warrant or Appointment as an Officer, or shall enlist or enter himself, or shall agree to enlist «on, &«. or enter himself, to serve as a Sailor or Marine, or to be employed or engaged, or shall serve in and on board any Ship or Vessel of War, or in and on board any Ship or Vessel used or fitted out, or equipped or intended to be used for any Warlike Purpose, in the Service of or for or under or in aid of any Foreign Power, Prince,

State, Potentate, Colony, Province or Part of any Province or People, or of any Person or Persons exercising

or assuming to exercise the Powers of Government in or over any Foreign Country, Colony, Province or Part

of any Province or People; or if any natural bora Subject of His Majesty shall, without such Leave and Engaging to go,

Licence as aforesaid, engage, contract or agree to go, or shall go to any Foreign State, Country, Colony, or into

Province or Part of any Province, or to any Place beyond the Seas, with an intent or -in order to enlist or

enter himself to serve, or with intent to serve in any Warlike or Military Operation whatever, whether by tent to en-

Land or by Sea, in the Service of or for or under or in aid of any Foreign Prince, State, Potentate, Colony, list, &c.

Province or Part of any Province or People, or in the Service of or for or under or in aid of any Person or Persons exercising or assuming to exercise the Powers of Government in or over any Foreign Country, Colony,

Province or Part of any Province or People, either as an Officer or a Soldier, or in any other Military Capacity, or as an Officer or Sailor, or Marine, in any such Ship or Vessel as aforesaid, although no enlisting Money or Pay or Reward shall have been or shall be in any or either of the Cases aforesaid aftuauly paid to or received by him, or by any Person to or for his Use or Benefit; or if any Person whatever, within the United Kingdom Retaining or of Great Britain and Ireland, or in any Part, of His Majesty's Doipinions else where, or in any Country, procuring others Colony, Settlement, llland or Place belonging to or subject to His Majesty, shall lure, retain, engage or pro- 10 euli8t> cure, or shall attempt or endeavour to hire, retain, engage or procure, any Person or Persons whatever to enlist, or to enter or engage to enlist, or to serve or to be employed in any such Service or Employment as aforesaid, as an Officer, Soldier, Sailor or Marine, either in Land or Sea Service, for or under or in aid of any Foreign Prince, State, Potentate, Colony, Province or Part of any Province or People, or for or under or in aid of any Person or Persons exercising or assuming to exercise any Powers of Government as aforesaid, or to go or to agree to go or embark from any Part of His Majesty's Dominions, for the purpose or with 59 Geo. III. 5 Z intent

e

go2

Misdemeanor.

Proviso for Persons enlisted or serving before the times herein specified.

Justices to issue Wamntafbr the Apprehension^ Offenders.

Where Offences shall be tried.

Where Offence committed ont

e it -?. _ i

act? nma Kingdom. Justice to issue Warrant for Apprehension of Offender.

C. 69. 59° GEORGII III. A.D. 1819.

intent to be so enlisted, entered, engaged or employed as aforesaid, whether any enlisting Money, Pay or Reward shall have been or shall be actually given or received, or not; in any or either of such Cases, every Person so offending shall be deemed guilty of a Misdemeanor, and upon being convicted thereof, upon any Information or Indictment, shall be punishable by Fine and Imprisonment, or either of them, at the Discretion of the Court before which such Offender shall be convicted.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to render any Person or Persons liable to any Punishment or Penalty under this Act, 'tfiio at any time before the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, within any Part of the United Kingdom, or of the' Islands of Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney or Surly or at any time before the First Day of November One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, in any Part or Place out of the, United Kingdom, or of the said Islands, shall have taken or accepted, or agreed to take or accept any Military Commission, or shall have otherwise enlisted into any Military Service as a Commissioned or Non Commissioned Officer, or shall have enlisted, or entered himself to enlist, or shall have agreed to enlist or to enter himself to serve.as a Soldier, or shall have served, or having so served shall, after the said First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, continue to serve in any Warlike or Military Operation, either as an Officer or Soldier, or in any other Military Capacity, or shall have accepted, or agreed to take or accept any Commission, Warrant or Appointment as an Officer, or shall have ealifted or entered himself to serve, or shall have served, or having so served shall continue to serve as a Sailor or Marine, or shall have been employed or engaged, or shall have served, or having so served shall, after the said First Day of August, continue to serve in and on board any Ship or Vessel of War, used or fitted out, or equipped or intended for any Warlike Purpose; or shall have engaged, or contracted or agreed to go, or shall have gone to, or- having io gone to shall, after the said First Day of August, continue in any Foreign State, Country, Colony, Province or Part of a Province, or to or in any Place beyond the Seas, unless such Person or Persons shall embark at or proceed from fame Port or Place within the United Kingdom, or the Islands of Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney or Sark, with intent to serve as an Officery Soldier, Sailor or Marine, contrary to the Provisions of this Act, after the said First Day of Augufif or shall embark or proceed from some Port or Place out of the United Kingdom, or the Islands of Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney or Sark, with such Intent as aforesaid, after the said First Day of November, or who shall, before the passing of this Act, and within the said United Kingdom, or the said Islands, or before the First Day of November One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, in any Port or Place out of the said United Kingdom, or the said Islands, have hired, retained, engaged or procured, or attempted or endeavoured to hire, retain, engage or procure, any Person or Persons whatever, to enlist or to enter, or to engage to enlist or to serve, or be employed in any such Service or Employment as aforesaid, as an Officer, Soldier, Sailor or Marine, either in Land or Sea Service, or to go, or agree to go or embark for the purpose or with the intent to be so enlisted, entered or engaged, or emptbyed, contrary to the Prohibitions respectively in this Act contained, any thing in this Act contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding; but that all and every such Persons and Person shall be in such State and Condition, and no other, and shall be liable to such Fines, Penalties, Forfeitures and Disabilities, and none other, as such Person or Persons was or were liable and subject to before the passing of this Act, and as such Person or Persons would have been in, and been liable ana subject to, in case this Act and the said recited Acts by this Act repealed had not been passed or made.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Justice of the Peace residing at or near to any Port or Place within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, where any Offence made punishable by this Act as a Misdemeanor shall be committed, on Information on oath of any such Offence, to issue his Warrant for the Apprehension of the Offender, and to cause him to be brought before such Justice, or any Justice of the Peace; and it shall be lawful for the Justice of the Peace before whom such Offender shall be brought, to examine into the Nature of the Offence upon oath, and to commit such Person to Gaol, there to remain until delivered by due Course of Law, unless such Offender shall give Bail, to the Satisfaction of the said Justice, to appear and answer to any Information or Indictment to be preferred against him, according to Law, for the said Offence; and that all such Offences which shall be committed within that Part of the United Kingdom called England, shall and may be proceeded and tried in His Majesty's Court of King's Bench at Wejbrninjler, and the Venue in such Case laid at Westminster, or at the Assizes'or Session of Oyer and Terminer and Gaol Delivery, or at any Quarter or General Sessions of the Peace in and for the County or Place where such Offence was committed; and that all such Offences which shall be committed within that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, shall and may be prosecuted in His Majesty's Court of King's Bench at Dublin, and the Venue be laid at Dublin, or at any Assizes or Session of Oyer and Terminer and Gaol Delivery, or at any Quarter or General Sessions of the Peace in and for the County or Place where such Offence was committed; and all such Offences as shall be committed in Scotland, shall and may be prosecuted in the Court of Judiciary in Scotland, or any other Court competent to try Criminal Offences committed within the County, Shire or Stew art ry within which such Offence was committed; and where any Offence made punishable by this Act as a Misdemeanor shall be committed out of the said United Kingdom, it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace residing near to the Port or Place where such Offence shall be committed, on Information on oath of any such Offence, to issue his Warrant for the Apprehension of the Offender, and to cause him to be brought before such Justice, or any other Justice of the Peace for such Place and it shall be lawful for the Justice of the Peace before whom such Offender shall be brought, to examine into the Nature of the Offence upon oath, and to commit such Person to Gaol, there to remain tail delivered bydne Course of Law, or otherwise to'hold such Offender to bail to answer fop such Offence in the Superior Court, competent to tiy and having Jurisdictioit to try Criminal Offences committed in such Fort or Place; and all such Offences committed at any Place out of the kid United Kingdom' (bastand mays brpeofecafced. and, tried

A.D. 1819. 59° GEORGII III. 903

in any Superior Court of His Majesty's Dominions, competent to try, and having Jurisdiction to try Criminal Offences committed at the Place where such Offence shall be committed.

V. And be it further enacted, That in case any Ship or Vessel in any Port or Place within His Majesty's Vessels with

Dominions, shall have on board any such Person or Persons who shall have been enlisted or entered to serve, or on

shall have engaged or agreed or been procured to enlist or enter or serve, or who shall be departing from His Majesty's Dominions for the purpose and with the intent of enlisting or entering to serve, or to be employed, Serrk^may

or of serving or being engaged or employed in the Service of any Foreign Prince, State or Potentate, Colony, be detained at

Province or'Part of any Province or People, or of any Person or Persons exercising or assuming to exercise the any Port in

Powers of Government in or over any Forfeign Colony, Province or Part of any Province or People, either as His Majesty V

an Officer, Soldier, Sailor or Marine, contrary to the Provisions of this Act, it shall be lawful for any of Domuuon*

the principal Officers of His Majesty7 s Customs where any such Officers of the Customs shall be, and in any

Part of His Majesty7 3 Dominions in which there are no Officers of His Majesty's Customs, for any Governor

or Persons having the Chief Civil Command, upon Information on oath given before them respectively,

which Oath they are hereby respectively authorised and empowered to administer, that such Person or Person*

as aforesaid is or are on board such Ship or Vessel, to detain and prevent any such Ship or Vessel, or to cause such Ship or Vessel to be detained and prevented from proceeding to Sea on her Voyage with such Persons as

aforesaid onboard: Provided nevertheless, that no principal Officer, Governor or Person, shall act as afore- Ofwfcat Facts

said, upon such Information upon oath as aforesaid, unless the Party so informing shall not only have deposed "d Circum-

in such Information that the Person or Persons on board such Ship or Vessel hath or have been enlisted or*

entered to serve, or hath or have engaged or agreed or been procured to enlist or enter or serve, or is or are

departing as aforesaid, for the purpose and with the intent of enlisting or entering to serve or to be employed,

or of serving, or being engaged or employed in such Service as aforesaid, but shall also have set forth in such

Information upon oath, the Fasts or Circumstances upon which he forms his Knowledge or Belief, enabling

him to give such Information upon oath; and that all and every Person and Persons convicted of wilfully falie

swearing in any such Information upon oath, shall be deemed guilty of and suffer the Penalties on Persons

convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any Master or other Person having or taking the Charge or Com- Masters of mand of any Ship or Vessel, in any Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or in any Part

of His Majesty's Dominions beyond the Seas, shall knowingly and willingly take on board, or if such Master

or other Person having the Command of any such Ship or Vessel, or any Owner or Owners of any such Ship contrary 4o

or Vessel, shall knowingly engage to- take on board any Person or Persons who shall have been enlisted or this Act. 4

entered to serve, or shall have engaged or agreed or been procured to enlist or enter or serve, or who shall be

departing from His Majesty's Dominions for the purpose and with the intent of enlisting or entering to serve,

or to be employed, or of serving, or being engaged or employed in any Naval or Military Service, contrary

to the Provisions of this Act, such Master or Owner or other Person as aforesaid shall forfeit and pay the Sum Penalty.

of Fifty Pounds for each and every such Person so taken or engaged to be taken on board; and moreover

every such Ship or Vessel, so having on board, conveying, carrying or transporting any such Person or Persons, shall and may be seized and detained by the Collector, Comptroller, Surveyor or other Officer of the

Customs, until such Penalty or Penalties shall be satisfied and paid, or until such Master or Person, or the

Owner or Owners of such Ship or Vessel shall give good and sufficient Bail, by Recognisance before One of

His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, for the Payment of such Penalty^or Penalties.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person, within any Part of the United Kingdom, or in any Persons fitting Part of His Majesty's Dominions beyond the Seas, shall, without the Leave and Licence of His Majesty for out

that Purpose first had and obtained as aforesaid, equip, fumish, fit out or arm, or attempt or endeavour to m

equip, furnish, fit out or arm, or procure to be equipped, fumished, fitted out or armed, or shall knowingly ratioMwithany-

aid, assist or be concerned in the equipping, furnishing, - fitting out or arming of any Ship or Vessel with intent Foreign Powers

or in order that such Ship or Vessel shall be employed in the Service of any Foreign Prince, State or Potentate, without Li-

or of any Foreign Colony, Province or Part of any Province or People, or of any Person or Persons exercising cence;

or assuming to exercise any Powers of Government in or over any Foreign State, Colony, Province or Part

of any Province or People, as a Transport or Store Ship, or with intent to cruize or commit Hostilities

against any Prince, State or Potentate, or against the Subjects or Citizens of any Prince, State or Potentate,

or against the Persons exercising or assuming to exercise the Powers of Government in any Colony, Province

or Part of any Province or Country, or against the Inhabitants of any Foreign Colony, Province or Part of any Province or Country, with whom His Majesty shall not then be at War; or shall, within the United or issuing

Kingdom, or any of His Majesty's Dominions, or in any Settlement, Colony, Territory, Island or - Place Commissions

belonging or subject to His Majesty, issue or deliver any Commission for any Ship or Vessel, to the intent for ps'

that such Ship or Vessel shall be employed as aforesaid, every such Person so offending shall be deemed guilty

of a Misdemeanor, and shall, upon Conviction thereof, upon any Information or Indictment, be punished by Misdemeanor*

Fine and Imprisonment, or either of them, at the Discretion of the Court in which such Offender shall be con-

vi6fed; and every such Ship or Vessel, with the Tackle, Apparel and Furniture, together with all the Mate- Ship, &c. for-

rials. Arms, Ammunition and Stores, which may belong to or be on board of any such Ship or Vessel, shall feited.

be forfeited; and it shall be lawful for any Officer of His Majesty's Customs or Excise, or any Officer of His officers of

Majesty's Navy, who is by Law empowered to make Seizures, for any Forfeiture incurred under any of the Customs and

Laws of Customs or Excite, or the Laws of Trade and Navigation, to seize such Ships and Vessels aforesaid, Excise may

and in such Places and in such Manner in which the Officers of His Majesty's Customs or Excise and the sme*

Officers of His Majesty's Navy are empowered respectively to make Seizures under the Laws of Customs and Excise, or under the Laws of Trade and Navigation 5 and that every such Ship and Vessel, with the

5 Z 2 Tackle,

904 C. 69.

59° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1819.

A Miner the Warlike Equipment of Vessels of Foreign States, &c.

Misdemeanor.

Offences committed out of the Kingdom may be tried at Westminster. How Penalties sued for and recovered.

[Double Costs.]

Limitation of Actions.

Former Rules established by Law to be applied to Actions commenced in pursuance of this Act

Penalties not to extend to Persons entering into Military Service in Asia.

Tackle, Apparel and Furniture, together with all the Materials, Arms, Ammunition and Stores which may belong to or be on board of such Ship or Vessel, may be prosecuted and condemned in the like manner, and in such Courts as Ships or Vessels may be prosecuted and condemned for any Breach of the Laws made for the Protection of the Revenues of Customs and Excise, or of the Laws of Trade and Navigation.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person in any Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or in any Part of His Majesty's Dominions beyond the Seas, without the Leave and Licence of His Majesty for that Purpose first had and obtained as aforesaid, shall, by adding to the Number of the Guns of such Vessel, or by changing those on board for other Guns, or by the Addition of any Equipment for War, increase or augment, or procure to be increased or augmented, or shall be knowingly concerned in increasing or augmenting the Warlike Force of any Ship or Vessel of War or Cruizer, or other armed Vessel, which at the time of her Arrival in any Part of the United Kingdom, or any of His Majesty's Dominions, was a Ship of War, Cruizer or Armed Vessel in the Service of any Foreign Prince, State or Potentate, or of any Person or Persons exercising or assuming to exercise any Powers of Government in or over any Colony, Province, or Part of any Province or People belonging to the Subjects of any such Prince, State or Potentate, or to the Inhabitants of any Colony, Province or Part of any Province or Country under the Controul of any Person or Persons so exercising or assuming to exercise the Powers of Government, every such Person so offending shall be deemed guilty of a Misdemeanor, and shall, upon being convicted thereof, upon any Information or Indictment, be punished by Fine and Imprisonment, or either of them, at the Discretion of the Court before which such Offender shall be convicted.

IX. And be it further enacted, That Offences made punishable by the Provisions of this Act, committed out of the United Kingdom, may be prosecuted and tried in His Majesty's Court of King's Bench at Westminster, and the Venue in such Case laid at Westminster, in the County of Middlesex.

X. And be it further enacted, That any Penalty or Forfeiture inflicted by this Act, may be prosecuted, sued for and recovered, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or Dublin, or in the Court of Exchequer, or in the Court of Session in Scotland, in the Name of His Majesty's Attorney General for England or Ireland, or His Majesty's Advocate for Scotland respectively, or in the Name of any Person or Persons whatsoever; wherein no Essoign, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; and in every Action or Suit the Person against whom Judgment shall be given for any Penalty or Forfeiture under this Act shall pay Double Costs of Suit; and every such Action or Suit shall and may be brought at any time within Twelve Months after the Offence committed, and not afterwards; and One Moiety of every Penalty to be recovered by virtue of this Act shall go and be applied to His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, and the other Moiety to the Use of such Person or Persons as shall first sue for the fame, after deducting the Charges of Prosecution from the whole.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced, either in Great Britain or elsewhere, against any Person or Persons for any thing done in pursuance of this Act, all Rules and Regulations, Privileges and Protestions, as to maintaining or defending any Suit or A6Iion, and pleading therein, or any Costs thereon, in relation to any Acts, Matters or Things done, or that may be done by any Officer of Customs or Excise, or by any Officer of His Majesty's Navy, under any Act of Parliament in force on or immediately before the passing of this Act, for the Protection of the Revenues of Customs and Excise, or Prevention of Smuggling, shall apply and be in full Force in any such Action or Suit as shall be brought for any thing done in pursuance of this Act, in as full and ample a manner to all Intents and Purposes as if the fame Privileges and Protestions were repeated and re-enacted in this Act.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to subject to any Penalty any Person who shall enter into the Military Service of any Prince, State or Potentate m Acts> with Leave or Licence, signified in the usual manner, from the Governor General in Council, or Vice President in Council, of Fort William in Bengal, or in conformity with any Orders or Regulations issued or sanctioned by such Governor General or Vice President in Council.

CAP. LXX.

James 6.

Pari. 16. c.i*.

William, lit Park c. 3J.

repealed.

An Act to repeal certain Acts of the Parliament of Scotland, regarding Duelling.

[3d July 1819.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed by the Parliament of Scotland, in the Sixteenth Parliament of Hi8

Majesty King James the Sixth, intituled Aneni Singular Combats, whereby it is statute and ordained'

*that no person in Tyme comming without His Heighness Licence fight any singular Combat, under the 1 Paine of Death, and his movable Geare efeheat to His Heighness Use, and the Provoker to be punished

with a more ignominious Death nor the Defender, at the Pleasure of His Majesty: And Whereas by another Act of the Parliament of Scotland, passed in the Sixth Session of the First Parliament of the Reign 1 of His Majesty, intituled AS against Duels, it is enacted, that whosoever, Principal or Second, or other

inteiposed Person, gives a Challenge to fight a Duel or Angle Combat, or whosoever accepts the fame, or whosoever, either Principal or Second on either Side, engages therein, albeit no fighting ensue, shall be punished by the Pain of Banishment and Efeheat of Movables, without prejudice to the Act already made against the fighting of Duels: And Whereas it is expedient that the said recited Acts Should be repealed \9 Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act the said recited Acts shall be and the same are hereby repealed.

59° GEORGII III. C. 71. 905

CAP. LXXI.

An Act for raising a Loan of Twelve Millions from the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt.*[6th July 1819.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS an Act passed in the Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for vejling certain Sums in Commissioners at the End of every Quarter of a Tear, to be by them applied to the Reduction of the National Debt: And Whereas the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies, have resolved, that the Sum of Twelve Millions be raised by Annuities in manner herein after mentioned: And Whereas the Commissioners under the said recited Act of the Twenty sixth Year aforesaid have agreed to subscribe the said Sum of Twelve Millions : May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all the Monies which have heretofore been issued, or are required or directed by any Act or Acts of Parliament to be issued to the said Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, shall continue to be issued and placed to the Account of the said Commissioners as heretofore.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required, out of the Monies which shall be issued and carried to their Account after the passing of this Act, to order and direct their Agent or Agents, or proper Officers, to pay into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer on account of the said Loan of Twelve Millions, so agreed to be subscribed and advanced by the said Commissioners, the Sum of Two millions seven hundred thousand Pounds in each of the respective Quarters of the Year ending on the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, and the Fifth Day of April One thoulaqd eight hundred and twenty respectively, and the Sum of Three millions three hundred thousand Pounds in each of the respective Quarters of the Year ending on the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty, and the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty, in such Proportion, and at such times in each of such respective Quarters as the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them for the time being, shall order and direct: Provided always, that no larger Sum in each Quarter than is before specified, and no further Sum in the whole than Twelve Millions shall be so paid and advanced by the said Commissioners.

III. And be it further enacted, That for every One hundred Pounds of the said Sum of Twelve Millions so paid, advanced and contributed by the said Commissioners as aforesaid, the Principal Sum of Sixty two Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Eight pence in Annuities after the Rate of Three Pounds per Centum, to commence from the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, and to be added to and made One Joint Stock with certain Annuities after the Rate of Three Pounds per Centum, which were reduced from Four Pounds to Three Pounds per Centum by an Act made in the Twenty third Year of the Reign of 'His late Majesty, and to be payable and transferable at the Bank of England at the same time and in the same manner, and subject to the like Redemption, as the said Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Annuities; and the further Principal Sum of Eighty Pounds in Annuities after the Rate of Three Pounds per Contumy to commence from the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, and to be added to and made One Joint Stock with the Three Pounds per Centum Annuities consolidated by the Acts of the Twenty fifth, Twenty eighth, Twenty ninth, Thirty second, and Thirty third Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and by several subsequent Acts, and to be payable and transferable at the Bank of England at the same time and in the same manner, and subject to the like Redemption, as the said Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Annuities; which said respective Annuities shall be made capital Stock in the Names of the said Commissioners; and the Dividends payable thereon shall be charged and chargeable upon, and payable out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland\ or any other Duties and Revenues which shall be appropriated for that Purpose by any Act or Acts of this present Session of Parliament 5 and such Capital Stock and the Annuities arising therefrom shall be deemed Part of the Stock and Annuities applicable by the said Commissioners to the Purposes of the Sinking Fund, and Annual Sums shall be issued for the Redemption thereof, as a Sinking Fund, according to the Provisions of an Act, passed in the Thirty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to render more effectual an Act made in the Twenty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for vejling certain Sums in Commissioners at the End of every Quarter of a Tears to be by them applied to the Reduction of the National Debty and to dsreS the Application of an additional Sum to the Reduction of the said Debt in case of future Loans y and of another Act passed in the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to alter and amend several Acts passed in His present Majesty's Reign, relating to the Redemption of the National Debt, and for making further Provision in respect thereof

IV. And be it further enacted, That upon each of the said Quarterly Payments hereinbefore directed being made into the Exchequer, by or on behalf of the said Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, the proper Officer of the Exchequer shall give a Receipt for the fame, acknowledging the Sum therein mentioned to be received of the said Commissioners on account of their Contribution to the said Loan of Twelve Millions under and in pursuance of this Act 5 and when and so soon as the Whole of the said Sum of Twelve Millions shall have been paid by or on behalf of the said Commissioners into the Receipt of the Exchequer, and such Receipts from time to time given for the same as aforesaid, all the said Receipts shall be taken to and deposited with the Accountant General of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, who thereupon shall enter and place to the Account of the said Commissioners in the Books of the said Governor and Company,

the

a6 G. 3. c. 31.

Monies heretofore issued to Commissioners to continue to be issued and placed to their Account.

i2, oooo, ooooL to be advanced by the Commissioners in Quarterly Payments of the Amount herein mentioned.

For every 100L so advanced, the Commissioners entitled to 62l. 18s. 8d. Reduced Annuities, and 8oL in 3 per Cent Consols.; the Dividends payable thereon, applicable to Sinking Fund.

32 G. 3. c. 55.

53 G. 3. c. 35.

Officer of Exchequer to give Receipts for Payments, and when the Whole of Loan paid. Receipts to be deposited with Accountant of Bank.

gp6 C. 71, 72.

59° GEORGII III.

A.D. 18lI9v

Application of the Money.

the Sum of Sixty two Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Eight pence Capital Stock in the said Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Annuities, for every Sum of One hundred rounds which shall be contained in the said several Receipts, the Interest or Dividends whereon shall commence from the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, and also the Sum of Eighty Pounds Capital Stock in the said Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Annuities, the Interest or Dividends whereon shall commence from the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain, and Ireland, or the Lord High Treasurer of the said United Kingdom for the time being, to issue and apply from time to time all such Sums of Money as shall be so. paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, to such Services as shall have been voted by the Commons, of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in this present Session of Parliament.

CAP. LXXII.

3*. per lb. of Tobacco delivered oat of Warehouse for Manufacture,

An Act to grant to His Majesty an additional Duty of Excise on Tobacco in Ireland.

[6th July 1819.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies, have freely and

voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto Your Majesty the Duty of Excise on Tobacco herein after mentioned, and do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this, present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That within and through that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, there shall be raised, levied, collected, paid and satisfied, unto and for the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, the Duty of Excise following; (that is to say, )

For and upon every Pound Weight of Tobacco which at any time or times, after the Fifteenth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, shall have been or shall be delivered out of any of His Majesty's Warehouses, or out of the Custody of any Officer or Officers of the Customs, for manufacture in Ireland, an Excise Duty of Three Shillings British Currency, and so in proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity; and to be charged on and paid by the Person or Persons to whom the same shall have been or shall be delivered for Manufacture;

onner Which said Excise Duty shall be in lieu and in full Satisfaction of all Duties of Excise granted on such Duties. Tobacco by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force in Ireland immediately before the said Fifteenth Day

of June.

Countervailing

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Fifteenth Day of June One thousand eight Duties herein hundred and nineteen, there shall be charged on all Tobacco and Snuff, the Growth, Produce or Manufacture mentioned Gf Or eat Britain, imported from thence into Ireland, the countervailing Duties following, in lieu and full batco and Snuff Satisfaction of all countervailing Duties whatsoever payable upon such Tobacco or Snuff, under or by virtue of Manufacture of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force in Ireland, immediately before the said Fifteenth Day of June; of G. B. im^ (that is to say, )

Ireland.° For and upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of unmanufactured Tobacco, the Growth or Produce of Great Britain, and of all British manufactured Tobacco, imported or brought into Ireland, the Sum of Four Shillings British Currency:

For and upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of British manufactured Rappee Snuff, the Sum of Three Shillings and Sixpence British Currency:

For and upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of British manufactured Snuff called Scotch Snuff, the Sum of Four Shillings and Nine pence British Currency:

For and upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of British manufactured Snuff called Brown Scotch Snuffi the Sum of Three Shillings and Four pence British Currency:

For and upon every Pound Weight of every other Sort or Kind of British manufactured Snuff, or Snuff Work, not hereinbefore enumerated or described, the Sum of Four Shillings and Nine pence British Currency.

Drawback on Exportation of Tobacco or Snuff to G. B.

Instead of former Drawbacks on Exportion to other Places than G. B.

3s. 2d. for every lb. of manufactured Tobacco.

47 G.3. Sess. 2. c. 16.

And that upon the Exportation from Ireland to Great Britain of any Tobacco or Snuff, the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of Ireland, there shall be allowed and given a Drawback equal in Amount to the countervailing Duty hereby granted on Tobacco and Snuff, the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of Great Britain respectively, and imported from thence into Ireland.

III. And be it further enacted, That in lieu and instead of all former Drawbacks on Tobacco or Snuff manufactured in Ireland, and exported to any other Place than Great Britain, there shall be allowed on all Tobacco manufactured in Ireland which shall be so exported, as an increased Drawback or Compensation for the Duty by Law charged and paid on Import of the Leaf Tobacco whereof it hath been manufactured, and for the Excise Duty charged thereon by Law, the Sum of Three Shillings and Two pence British Currency for every Pound Weight of such manufactured Tobacco; and which said Drawback or Allowance shall be paid by the Collector of Inland Excise and Taxes of the District from which such Tobacco or Snuff shall be exported, out of any Money in his [Hands, on such Certificate from the Collector, Comptroller, or other Chief Officer of the rort from whence the same shall be exported as is required by an Act made in the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to grant to His Majesty, ant'd the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eight, certain Duties on the Importation, and to allow certain Drawbacks on

the

A.D. 1819« 59° GEORGII III. C. 72. 907

the Exportation, of certain Goods, Wares and Merchandise into and from Ireland, m case of Drawbacks on Exportation of Goods in respect of any internal Duty of Excise paid thereon.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the several Drawbacks in respect of Tobacco manu- Dfmwbadw a* fastured in Ireland, and exported from thence to Great Britain or elsewhere, allowed or made payable under Tobacco sod or by virtue of any Act or Acts in force in Ireland before the said Fifteenth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, shall remain and continue payable with respect to such Tobacco which shall have paid 1819, to con-the Duties imposed on Tobacco imported into Ireland, or on Tobacco delivered for Manufacture in Ireland, tinue, the new by any Act or Acts in force in Ireland immediately before the said Fifteenth Day of June, and with respect Drawbacks to Snuff manufactured from such Tobacco, and which Tobacco or Snuff shall after the said Fifteenth Day of bein8 P*yable June be exported from Ireland; and that the several and respective Drawbacks by this Act allowed and made dudTha^iwd payable, shall be paid and allowed only on the Exportation of such Tobacco, or Snuff manufactured there- the Duties be*- from, on which all Duties of Excise and Customs shall have been paid which shall be chargeable thereon by by imposed, this Act, and by any Act for imposing Duties of Customs on Tobacco imported into Ireland, in force at the time of the passing of this Act: Provided alway s, that the increased Drawback and Allowance by this Act Regulations made payable, shall not be paid or allowed on any Tobacco or Snuff so exported, unless the Persons who shall for obtaining export such Tobacco or Snuff respectively shall make oath, that the additional or increased Duty on account Drawback* of which such Drawback shall be required has been fully paid and satisfied, and shall also perform all such Requisites, and comply with such Regulations and Restrictions, as are or shall be required to be performed and observed by Persons exporting any Article whereon any Drawback or Bounty is payable for obtaining the same.

V. And be it further enacted, That every Excise Permit Officer who at any time after the said Tenth Officers grant-Day of June One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, shall have granted any Excise Permit or Permits fornf$ Permits for the Removal of any Tobacco delivered out of any of His Majesty's Warehouses, or out of the Custody of j2baa» <m any Officer or Officers of the Customs into the Stock of any Manufacturer or other Person, upon which whicj, Tobacco the Duty of Two Shillings and Two pence per Pound chargeable thereon by the several Acts in 28. 2d. per lb. force immediately before the said Fifteenth Day of June shall have been paid, and on which the several Duties has been paid chargeable by this Act shall not have been paid, shall, on demand by any Surveyor or Gauger or other "to Stock of Officer requiring the fame, grant a Certificate in Writing under the Hand of such Excise Permit Officer, an2L?e^on'10 specifying the Quantity of such Tobacco so removed into the Stock of such Manufacturer or other Person

after the said Fifteenth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, under or by virtue of such Permit or Permits; and such Certificate of such Excise Permit Officer shall be conclusive Evidence against the Manufacturer or other Person, into whose Stock such Tobacco shall have been delivered under such Permit, whereby to charge such Manufacturer or Person with an additional Sum of Ten pence per Pound ai* finch unmanufactured Tobacco, so that the Duty of Three Shillings on every Pound Weight of such Tobacco ^shall be fully paid according to the Intent and Meaning of this Act.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said additional Sum of Ten pence per Pound Weight shall be Returns of To-payable on all unmanufactured Tobacco, for the Removal of which any such Permit shall have been obtained, bacco so remov-and shall be a Charge on such Manufacturer or Manufacturers, or on the Person or Persons into the Stock of^5°* ma^e» whom such Tobacco shall have been or ought to have been removed by virtue of such Permit; and the proper aid^dthin Officers of the Revenue shall, within One Calendar Month after the passing of this Act, make Returns in One Month. Writing to the Collectors or other Officers in charge of the Collection in their respective Districts, of the

Amount of such additional Sum of Ten pence per Pound as shall have then become due and payable by virtue of this Act, and of the Persons chargeable therewith in such District respectively; and every such Return shall be a Charge on all such Manufacturers and other Persons; and such Sum shall be paid by such Manufacturers or other Persons to the Collector of Excise of the District within One Calendar Month after any such Return, or in default thereof all such Tobacco shall be forfeited, and may be seized; and every Manufacturer or Person who shall make default in the Payment of such Duty, shall for every such Default forfeit the Sum Penalty, of Fifty Pounds, and Double the Amount of Duty with which such Person shall be charged as aforesaid.

VII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases when the Amount of the said additional Sum of Ten Collector may pence per Pound Weight, or any Part thereof, shall be unpaid at the time when such Amount is by this Act distrain for made due and payable, it shall and may be lawful for the Collector of Excise of the District* or other Officer ^Xional Duty in charge of the Collection of the District, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to empower any Person or of 1C± per \\^ Persons to take and distrain any Tobacco or any other Goods or Chattels in the Use, Custody or Possession of the Persons chargeable with such Amount, and to cause the same to be sold by public Auction; and if, after Payment of the whole of such Amount, together with the Costs and Expences of such taking, distraining and Sale, there shall be any Surplus arising from the Sale thereof, such Surplus shall forthwith be tendered and paid to such Person, or his or her respective Representatives.

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Person who shall be charged with and liable to the Additional Whole of the Duties of Excise on Tobacco imposed by this Act, shall at any time after the said Fifteenth Dutymaj-fee Day of June One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, have fold or contracted to fell any such Tobacco, added to Con-without charging the Buyer thereof with the Whole of such increased Duty, then and in every such Case the

Seller of such Tobacco shall be allowed to add, and shall be entitled to recover frotn the Buyer thereof, and the Buyer of such Tobacco shall-pay to the Seller thereof, so much Money as will be equivalent to such Duty as such Seller shall have been charged with and liable to* for such Tobacco, over and above the Duty of Customs and Excise payable on such Tobacco before the said Fifteenth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and nineteen*

Duties and Drawbacks levied and paid aa by former Acta.

X4 & i s C. 2.

c. 8. (I.)

46 G. 3. c. 106.

Act altered, &c. this Session.

8 Ann. c. 13.

5*9-

repealed*

5 Elis. c. 7.

continued by x6 C. 1. c. 4.

C*72>73* 59° GEORGII III. A.D. 1819.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the several Duties and Drawbacks by this Act granted, allowed and made payable, and all Penalties under this Act, shall be paid and payable according to the Amount thereof in British Currency; and that the said Duties, the necessary Charges of paying and collecting the lame being deduced, shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; and that the said Duties and Drawbacks, and all Penalties and Forfeitures under this Act, shall be raised, levied, collected, paid, allowed, sued for, recovered and applied, in such Manner and under such Powers and Authorities, and by such Ways and Methods, and according to such Rules and Directions, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, as are appointed, directed and expressed for the raising, collecting, paying, levying, allowing and managing any Duties and Drawbacks, or for the recovering of any Penalties or Forfeitures, in and by an Act made in Ireland in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled An Act for settling the Excise or new Impojl upon His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, according to the Book of Rates therein inserted, or in and by an Act made in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to provide for the better Execution of the several Acts relating to the Revenuesy Matters and Things under the Management of the CommiJtoners of Customs and Port Duties, and of the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, or in and by any other Act or Act in force in Ireland relating to the Revenues of Customs and Excise, or either of them, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame were herein expressed and enacted, with the like Remedy of Appeal to and for the Party or Parties aggrieved as in and by the said recited Act of the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, or any other Act or A 61s as aforesaid, is provided; and that all and every Act and Acts in force in Ireland relating to the Duties of Excise on Tobacco, and all Powers, Rules and Regulations, Penalties, Clauses, Matters and Things therein contained, shall extend and be construed to extend to the raising, levying and collecting the Duty by this Act granted on Tobacco, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the lame were repeated and re-enacted in this Act.

X. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be amended, altered or repealed by any Act or Acts to be passed in this Session of Parliament.

CAP. LXXIir.

An Act to repeal .several Acts, requiring the Matters of Vessels carrying Certificate Goods to Ireland to take Duplicates of the Contents; prohibiting the Importation of certain wrought Goods, and the Exportation of Gunpowder when the Price shall exceed a certain Sum.

[6th July 1819.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of Her Majesty Queen Anny intituled An Act for continuing several Impositions, additional Impoftions and Duties upon Goods imported, to raise Money by way of Loany for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ten; and for taking off the

Over sea Duty on Coals exported in British Bottoms; and for better preventing Frauds in Drawbacks upon Cet^ 1 tificate Goods; and for ascertaining the Duties of Corans imported in Venetian Ships; and to give further time to 1 Foreign Merchants for Exportation of certain Foreign Goods imported; and to limit a time for Prosecutions upon certain Bonds given by Merchants; and for continuing certain Fees of the Officers of the Customs; and to prevent

Imbe % zlements by such Officers; and for appropriating the Monies granted to Her Majesty; and for replacing 1 Monies paid or to be paid for making good any Deficiencies on the Annuity Acts; and for Encouragement to raise 1 Naval Stores in Her Majesty's Plantations; and to give further time for registering Debentures as is therein men-

honed; it is enacted, that the Mailer of every Ship carrying such Certificate Goods to Ireland shall demand and take from the Collector of every respective Port of Great Britain, a Duplicate of his Content in Writing, t certified under the Hand and Seal of the Collector and Comptroller of such Port (which said Duplicate the

Collector and Comptroller of each Port in Great Britain are hereby required to deliver to every Mailer without Fee or Reward), and such Master shall be obliged to deliver such Duplicate to the Officers of the

Customs in Ireland on his Arrival, before he be permitted to land such Goods there: And Whereas, in all

Cases of Exportation of Certificate Goods from one Country to the other, Certificates of the due landing

of such Goods in England and Ireland respectively are now required by Law, and the Duplicate Content ' required by the above recited Act is become useless, and operates a3 an Inconvenience to the Trade between

England and Ireland, and it is therefore expedient no longer to require such Duplicate Content; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the said recited Act as requires the Master of every Ship carrying Certificate Goods to Ireland to demand and take from the Collector of every respective Port in Great Britain a Duplicate of his Content in Writing, certified under the Hand and Seal of the Collector and Comptroller of each Port in Great Brit din y to deliver such Duplicate to the Officers of the Customs in Ireland on his Arrival, before he be permitted to land such Goods there, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

II. And Whereas it appears no longer necessary or proper to continue the Prohibition on the Importation 1 of certain Articles enumerated in an Act passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled i An Act avoiding divers foreign Wares made by Handicraftsmen beyond the Seas (which Act was to continue and endure to the End of the then next Parliament, ana by several subsequent Acts was continued, and by

an Act passed in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of King Charles the First, intituled An Act for the further Relief of His Majesty's Army, and the Northern Parts of the Kingdom, was further continued until some other

A61 of Parliament should be made touching the Continuance or Discontinuance thereof): And Whereas

It

A.D. 1819. 59° GEORGII III. C. 73, 74.

it is expedient that the said Act should be repealed Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, the said first recited Act, and every thing therein contained, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

III. And Whereas by an Act passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled A Subfdy, granted to the King, of Tonnage and Poundage, and other Sums of Money payable upon Merchandise exported and imported; it is enabled, that it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons to ship, carry out and transport, by way of Merchandise, Gunpowder, when the fame doth not exceed the Price of Five Pounds per Barrel, paying a certain Rate appointed by the said Act: And Whereas it is expedient to allow the shipping, carrying out and transporting Gunpowder, although the Price may exceed Five Pounds per Barrel Be it therefore enacted, That so much of the said recited Act as prohibits the shipping, carrying out and transporting Gunpowder, wljen the Price of the fame doth exceed Five Pounds per Barrel, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend or repeal, or in any wise affect so much of the said recited Act as authorises His Majesty to prohibit the Exportation of Gunpowder, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament now in force relating to the Exportation of Gunpowder.

CAP. LXX3V.

An Act: to allow the Importation of Tobacco from the East Indies and other Places; and for confining the Exportation of Tobacco from Great Britain, and the Importation thereof Into Ireland, to Vessels of Seventy Tons Burthen and upwards.

[6th July 1819.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Twenty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for repealing the Duties on Tobacco and Snuff, and for granting new Duties in lieu thereof, it is enacted, that no Tobacco whatever shall be imported or brought into Great Britain from any Port or Place whatever, other than some Port or Place within His Majesty's Colonies, Plantations, Irtands or Territories in America, or some Port or Place within the United States of America, (although the same shall have been legally imported into and exported from Great Britain, and returned for want of Sale or otherwise), upon pain of Forfeiture thereof, together with the Hogsheads, Calks, Chests, Cases and Packages respectively containing the fame, and also the Ship or Vessel in or on board which the same shall be imported or brought, together with her Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle and Apparel; and such Tobacco, Hogsheads, Calks, Chests, Cases and Packages respectively, and also such Ship or Vessel, with her Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle and Apparel, shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise: And Whereas by an Act passed in the Fifty fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to repeal the Duties of Customs payable on Goods, Wares and Merchandise imported into Great Britain from any Port or Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to The United Company of Merchants trading to The East Indies; and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof; and to ejlabljh further Regulations for the better Security of the Revenue on Goods so imported; and to alter the Periods of making up and presenting certain Accounts of the said Company to Parliament; to continue in force until the Tenth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and nineteen; and by Table (B) annexed to the said Act, a Duty of Customs is payable on Tobacco imported into Great Britain from (ome Port or Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, either by the said United Company or by Persons authorised so to trade: And Whereas it is provided by the said Act, that nothing in that Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to permit or allow any Goods, Wares or Merchandise whatever to be imported into or exported from Great Britain, in any Way or Manner contrary to any Act or Acts of Parliament in force on or immediately before the Tenth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, except in any Case where Provision is expressly made for that Purpose by that Act, or by an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for continuing in the East India Company for a further Term the Possession of the British Territories in India, together with certain exclusive Privileges; for establishing further Regulations for the Government of the said Territories, and the better A dtniniflration of Justice within the same; and for regulating the Trade to and from the Places within the Limits of the said Company's 4 Charter: And Whereas it is expedient to allow the Importation of unmanufactured Tobacco from Places within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading, to the East Indies; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That Tobacco may be imported from any Port or Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company 01 Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, in any British Ship or Vessel owned, registered and navigated according to Law, any thing in the aforesaid Act passed in the Twenty ninth Year of His Majesty's Reign to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that such Tobacco shall not be imported or brought into Great Britain in any Calk, Chest, Case or other Package which shall not contain at the lead One hundred Pounds Weight Nett of Tobacco, not packed in Bags or Packages within any such Calk, Chest, Case or other Package, nor separated or divided within any such Calk, Chest or Case, or in any manner whatever, on pain of forfeiting all such Tobacco, with the Calks, Chests, Cases and other Packages containing the fame, and also the Ship, Vessel or Boat in which the same shall be so imported or brought, with her Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle and Apparel; and such Tobacco, Casks, Chests, Cases and other Packages, and also such Ship, Vessel or Boat, Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle and Apparel, shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise: Provided always, that such Tobacco shall be subject and liable to all the Provisions of the Acts now in force regulating the 59 Geo. III. 6 A Trade

909

repealed.

it C. 2. c. 4.

§ 11.

Proviso for Power to prohibit Exportation.

29 G. 3. c. 68.

54 Gw 3* 3&

Table B.

§38.

53 G. 3. c. 155.

Tobacco may be imported from the East Indies in British Vessels:

But in Casks containing not less than 100 lbs. and not in Baga or Packages within such Casks.

[Penalty.]

Proviso for Acts in force.

9io

Unmanufactured Tobacco may be imported from the Place of its Growth in any Country whatever, either in British built Vessels or Vessels of the Country whence imported, &c. 29 G. 3. c. 68. §47.

No Tobacco to be exported to Ireland in any Vessel under 70 Tons.

False Entry of Tonnage.

Penalty iocl.

No Tobacco to be imported into Ireland from G. B. in Vessels under 70 Tons.

False Entry of Tonnage.

Penalty iocl.

Recovery and Application of Penalties.

54 G. 3. c. 149.

G. 3. c. 105.

5

Jr? O. 3. c. 72. 58 G. 3. c. 26.

C. 74, 75. 59° GEORGII III. A.D. 1819.

Trade to and from the Places within the Limits of the Charter granted to tie United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies*

II. And Whereas it is expedient to permit the Importation of Tobacco from the Place of its Growth, wherever that may be* Be it therefore further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons to import unmanufactured Tobacco from any Place whatever, being the Place of its Growth, in any British Ship or Vessel owned, registered and navigated according to Law, or in any Ship or Vessel of the Buik of the Country or Place of which such Tobacco is the Growth, and whereof the Mailer and Three Fourths of the Mariners at least are of the said Country or Place, or in Vessels which shall have been lawfully condemned as Prize in such Country or Place, and which shall be navigated as aforesaid, any thing in the aforesaid Act passed in the Twenty ninth Year of His said Majesty's Reign to the contrary notwithstanding; but subject nevertheless to all the Rules, Regulations, Provisions, Penalties and Forfeitures of the said Act, so far as the same are applicable thereto, and not repugnant to the before mentioned Provision with respect to Tobacco imported from Ports or Places within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies.

III. And Whereas by an Act passed in the Twenty ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled an Act for repealing the Duties on Tobacco and Snufy and for granting new Duties in lieu thereof\ it is enacted

that no Tobacco, either manufactured or unmanufactured, shall be entered or shipped for Exportation to any Parts beyond the Seas, Ireland excepted, in any Ship or Vessel whatever, unless such Ship or Vessel shall be of the Burthen of Seventy Tons or upwards: And Whereas it is expedient to limit the Exportation of Tobacco to Ireland to Vessels of the Burthen of Seventy Tons or upwards in like manner Be it therefore enacted, That no Tobacco, either manufactured or unmanufactured, shall be entered or shipped for Exportation to that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, in any Ship or Vessel whatever, unless such Ship or Vessel shall be of the Burthen of Seventy Tons or upwards; and if the Matter or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of any Ship or Vessel outward bound to that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, having Tobacco in or onboard her, shall enter and clear out such Ship or Vessel at the CuAom House as of the Burthen of Seventy Tons or upwards, and such Ship or Vessel shall not be of so great Burthen as Seventy Tons, according to the Rule for Admeasuremertt prescribod by Law, such Matter or other Person shall forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds for every such Offence.

IV. And be it further enacted, That no Tobacco, either manufactured or unmanufactured, shall be imported into that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland from that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain in any Ship or Vessel whatever, unless such Ship or Vessel shall be of the Burthen of Seventy Tons or upwards; and if the Matter or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of any Ship or Vessel which shall import any Tobacco into that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland from that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain shall enter such Ship or Vessel at the Custom House as of the Burthen of Seventy Tons or upwards, and such Ship or Vessel shall not be of so great Burthen as Seventy-Tons, according to the Rule for Admeasurement prescribed by Law, such Matter or other Person shall forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds for every such Offence.

V. And be it further enacted, That such Penalties shall be sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated, by such Ways, Means or Methods as any Penalty may be sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated by any Law or Laws now in force, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or Dublin, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively; and that One Moiety of every such Penalty shall be to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them who shall inform, discover or sue for the same.

CAP. LXXV.

An Act: to continue until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty. Two Acts, made in the Fifty fourth and Fifty sixth Years of His present Majesty, for regulating the

Trade in Spirits between Great Britain and Ireland reciprocally.

[6th July 1819.]

WHEREAS an Act of Parliament was made in the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to regulatCy until the End of the next Session of Parliament, the Trade in Spirits between Great Britain and Ireland reciprocally; and which, by an Act of Parliament made in the Fifty fifth ' Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, was continued until the End of the then next Session of Parliament: And Whereas by an Act of Parliament made in the Fifty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to amend and continue the said recited Act of the Fifty fourth Year aforesaid, and to grant and ' allow new countervailing Duties and Drawbacks on Spirits imported and exported between England and Scotland and Ireland respectively, the said recited Act of the Fifty fourth Year aforesaid was further continued, except so far as the fame was altered by the last mentioned Act, until the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and the said recited Acts respectively have by certain other Acts of Parliament made respectively in the Fifty seventh and Fifty eighth Years of the Reign aforesaid, been further continued until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen; And Whereas the Duties imposed and Drawbacks allowed and made payable by the said Act made in the Fifty sixth Year aforesaid, are in the present Session of Parliament repealed, and other Duties and Drawbacks granted and allowed in lieu thereof; and it is expedient that the said recited Act of the Fifty fourth Year aforesaid so altered as aforesaid, and such Parts of the said Act of the Fifty sixth Year aforesaid, a# are now in force and are not repealed or altered by any Act or Acts of the present Session of Parliament, should be further continued, for regulating

the

A.D. 1819. 59° GEORGII III. C. 75, 76, 911

the Trade in Spirits between Great Britain and Ireland reciprocally, and to secure, levy and colleA the several Duties on such Spirits imposed by any Act or Acts in the present Session of Parliament i9 Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual

and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the 54 G.3. 0.149. said recited Act of the Fifty fourth Year aforesaid, as altered by the said Act of the Fifty sixth Year aforesaid, " altered by and also such Parts of the last mentioned AA as are now in force and are not repealed or altered by any A A ^n<j or Acts of the present Session of Parliament, shall be and the fame is and are hereby further continued, for the further conti-Purposes aforesaid, from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, and nued until shall be, remain and continue in force from thence until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred Julyj, i8ao. and twenty.

CAP. LXXVI.

An Act to establish further Regulations respecting Advances by the Bank of England for the Public Service, and the Purchase of Government Securities by the said Bank. £6th July 1819.I

WHEREAS it is expedient that effectual Regulations should be made respecting Advances by the

Governor and Company of the Bank of England for the Public Service, and respecting the Purchase of Government Securities by the said Governor and Company Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons,

in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of Bank not to this Act it shall not be lawful for the Governor and Company of the Bank of England to advance or lend to maWAdvaoee* His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, any Sum or Sums of Money whatever, upon the Credit of any Exchequer Bills or Treasury Bills, or other Government Securities, or in any other manner whatever, without the thority of Bar-ex p refs and distinA Authority of Parliament for that Purpose first had and obtained* liamsnt.

II. And be it further enacted, That whenever it shall be deemed necessary for the Public Service to make jntia* lforth any Application to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to make any Advance so authorised Applfcatiom^ by Parliament, such Application shall be made in Writing, by the First Lord of the Treasury, or by the for Advaiwm Chancellor of the Exchequer for the time being, to the Governor and Deputy Governor of the Bank of

England, to be by them laid before the Court of Directors of the said Bank 5 and a Copy of all such Appli- Copies of Ap* cations made in the Course of every Year ending the Fifth Day of January, together with a Copy or the ^cations and Minutes of the Proceedings of the said Court or Directors on every such Application, and the Answer of before^arUn-the said Court thereto, shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament, by the proper Officer of the said ment# Governor and Company of the Bank of England, within Fourteen Days after the Fifth Day of January in each Year, if Parliament shall be then fitting, or otherwise within Fourteen Days after the then next fitting of Parliament.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this A A contained shall extend, or be construed Proviso for to extend, to prevent the Governor and Company of the Bank of England from purchasing any Exchequer Bankpiurhas-Bills or Treasury Bills, or other Government Securities whatever, which by Law they are now authorised to purchase, nor to prevent the Governor and Company of the Bank of England from advancing or lending, Bins, Cr ad-at the Receipt of the Exchequer in Great Britain, any Sum or Sums of Money whatever, not exceeding in vancing Money the Whole the Sum necessary to make good any Deficiency of the Consolidated Fund, at the Close of any on Credit of Quarter of a Year ending on the Fifth Day of April, Fifth Day of July, Tenth Day of 0Sober, or Fifth .^chequerBffl. Day of January in any Year, upon the Credit of any Exchequer Bills which shall be issued by the DireAioa ^ee

of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, under the Authority of an Act, made in the Fifty seventh Year of His present Majesty^ Reign, intituled An Act 57 G, 3. C. 4& to make further Provision for the Adjustment of the Accounts of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom, and for making good any occasional Deficiency which may arise in the said Fund in Great Britain or Ireland rejbefiively, and to direS the Application of Monies by the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt; or of an Act made in the present Session of Parliament, ' intituled An Act to render, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand c. 19. ante. eight hundred and twenty, the growing Produce of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom arising in Great Britain available for the Public Service^ any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary notwithstanding,

IV. Provided also, and be it enacted, That whenever any Exchequer Bills or Treasury Bills shall be in Bank may ex-

the Course of Payment, on the Credit of which any Sum or Sums of Money shall have been previously lent change Excheer advanced by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and which shall be in the Hands of Vff*

the Governor and Company of the said Bank, it shall and may be lawful for the Governor and Company of of*Pay-

the Bank of England, in lieu of such Exchequer Bills or Treasury Bills as may be so in their Hands and ment.

in course of Payment, to take and accept any other Exchequer Bills or Treasury Bills which shall have been granted towards the Aids and Supplies of the Year upon which such Exchequer Bills or Treasury Bills lb in course of Payment shall have been, charged.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Governor and Company of the Bank of England shall, and they before^arUa. are hereby respectively required, from time to time to cause a true and perfeA Account ip Writing to be mentyearly Ac-taken and attested by the proper Officers of the Amount of all Exchequer Bills or Treasury Bills, and other count of Exche-Govemment Securities whatever, which shall have been purchased by the Governorand Company of the said quer and Trea-Bank of England, or on which any Sum or Sums shall have been lent and advanced for the Public Service

by the Governor and Company of the said Bank, in every Year, ending on the Fifth Day of January, shewing which whether any and what Amount of such Bills shall, before the making up of such Accounts, have been paid vances shall off or discharged, and what Amount of such Exchequer Bill* or Treasury Bills, or other Government Secu- have been aide

6 A a*rities, to Government*

912 C. 76 — 79. 59° GEORGII III. A.D. 1819.

rities, shall then be in the Hands of the Governor and Company of the said Bank; and every such Account shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament, within Fourteen Days after the Fifth Day of January in each Year, if Parliament shall be then fitting, or otherwise within Fourteen Days after the then next fitting of Parliament.

51 G. 3. c. 42.

Bounty of is. 6d. granted toy 43 G. 3. c. 69. for every Cask of Pilchards containing 50 Gallons exported, continued until June 24, 1816; and with other Bounties, extended to Pilchards exported in Casks of 32 Gallons.

46 G. 3. c. 150.

53.

Comptroller General of Customs to do the Duty of Supervisor of Receiver General's Receipts and Payments.

Not to make any other Alteration.

45 G. 3. c. 128.

56 G. 3. c, il0.n.

54-

CAP. LXXVII.

An Act to continue, until the Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty six, an Act for amending the Laws relating to the Allowance of the Bounties on Pilchards exported.

[6th July 1819.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the Fifty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intiVV tuled An Act for amending the Laws relating to the Allowance of the Bounties on Pilchards exported- until the Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, by which a Bounty of One Shilling and Sixpence was continued on every Cask of Pilchards exported to Foreign Parts: And Whereas it is expedient that the said Bounty should be further continued; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Bounty of One Shilling and Sixpence given and granted by an Act made in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to repeal the Duties of Excise payable in Great Britain, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof for every Cask or Vessel of Pilchards containing Fifty Gallons which shall be duly exported to Foreign Parts, shall be and the fame is hereby continued until the Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty six, and shall, together with the other Bounties by the said last mentioned Act granted or allowed on Pilchards exported, be extended in due Proportion to and paid and allowed for all Pilchards which shall during that time be shipped and exported in Calks of Thirty two Gallons or upwards to Foreign Parts.

CAP. LXXVIII.

An Act for transferring the Duty of the Supervisor of the Receiver General's Receipts and Payments to the Comptroller General of the Customs in England.

[6th July 1819.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Forty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the better Regulation of the Office of Receiver General of the Duties of Customs in Great Britain,

certain Duties are required to be performed or executed by the Supervisor of the Receiver General's Receipts and Payments, or his Clerk: And Whereas it is expedient that those Duties should be performed or executed by the Comptroller General of His Majesty's Customs in England, or his Clerk Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all and every the Duties required by the said Act to be done, performed or executed by the Supervisor of the Receiver General's Receipts and Payments, shall be done, performed and executed by the Comptroller General of His Majesty's Customs, or his Clerk, such Clerk being first duly authorised by him, and for whose Conduct he shall be answerable.

II. Provided always, That this Act shall not be construed to make any other Alteration in the Regulations of the aforesaid Act, than as herein contained.

CAP. LXXIX.

An Act to continue, until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and twenty, Two Acts of the Forty fifth and Fiftieth Years of His present Majesty, allowing the bringing of Coals, Culm and Cinders to London and Westminster by Inland Navigation.

[6th July 1819.]

WHEREAS an Act waspafTed in the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for allowing, under certain Restrictions, until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred andfix, the bringing a limited Quantity of Coals, Culm or Cinders to London and Westminster by Inland Navigation: And Whereas an Act was passed in the Fiftieth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An 4 AS to allow, until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and eleven, the bringing of Coals, Culm and Cinders to London and Westminster by Inland Navigation: And Whereas certain Duties of Customs were made payable by the said recited Acts, in lieu of which other Duties have been imposed and made payable, and certain other Duties of Customs of One Shilling and Three pence are by the said Acts respectively made payable for every Ton of Coals, Culm and Cinders brought along the Grand Junction or Paddington Canals, or brought down the River Thames nearer to London than certain Stones or Posts in the said respective Acts*severally mentioned, and which said last mentioned Duties are by the said Acts respectively directed to be paid into the Chamber of London, as for and in lieu of the Duty called Orphan's Duty, and all other Rates, Dues and Duties which are payable to the Corporation of London upon Coals, Culm or Cinders imported into the Port of London: And Whereas both the said recited Acts have been continued by several subsequent Acts and are in force until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, and it is expedient that the said Acts should be further continued in manner herein after mentioned Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said several

Acts,

A.D. 1819. 59° GEORGII III. C. 79, 80, 81. 913

Acts, so far as the fame respectively relate to the said several and respective Duties of One Shilling and Three pence for every Ton of Coals, Culm or Cinders brought to London and Westminster under the Authority of the said recited Acts or either of them respectively, and afib so far as the said recited Acts respectively relate to the Rules, Provisions, Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions under which such Coals, Culm and Cinders may be brought to London and Westminster by Inland Navigation, and the said Duties, and all the Clauses in the said recited Acts relating to the said Duties respectively, and to the said Rules, Provisions, Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions, shall be and the same are hereby continued, and shall be in force from the said First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and nineteen until and upon the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and twenty.

CAP. LXXX.

An Act concerning Common Recoveries to be suffered by Attorney in Courts of Antient Demesne 5 and to explain an Act of His present Majesty, relative to the Sale or mortgaging of Estates of Lunatics.

[6th July 1819.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that Persons who can now suffer in Person, and not by Attorney, Common 4 W Recoveries of such of the Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, held in Antient Demesne, as are

not held by Copy of Court Roll, should be enabled to suffer the fame by Attorney as well as in Person May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for all and every Persons and Person, not being under the Disability of Coverture, and for all and every Femes Covert and Feme Covert (every such Feme Covert being solely and secretly examined by the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the Manor or Manors whereof the Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments held in Antient Demesne, but not by Copy of Court Roll, of which a Common Recovery or Common Recoveries is or are proposed to be suffered, shall be holden, or by his, her or their Steward or Stewards, or by the Deputy or Deputies of such Steward or Stewards) to appoint any Person or Persons to be their, his or her Attorney or Attornies, to appear for the Persons or Person so appointing either as Tenants or Tenant to the Plaint or Writ, or as Vouchees or Vouchee, and, as the Case may require, either to vouch over to Warranty, or to enter into the usual Warranty, and also vouch over to Warranty, and likewise to do all other lawful and necessary Acts for the suffering and perfecting of such Common Recovery or Common Recoveries respectively; and that the Common Recovery and Common Recoveries which shall be had and suffered as aforesaid shall have the like effect, but no other, as such Common Recovery or Common Recoveries would have had, if the Persons or Person who shall so by Attorney suffer or join in suffering such Common Recovery or Common Recoveries had appeared in Court in Person, and suffered or joined in suffering such Common Recovery Or Common Recoveries.

II. And Whereas an Act was passed in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intitilled an Act to authorise the Sale or Mortgage of the Estates of Persons found Lunatic by Inqujition, in England or Ireland respectively, and the granting Leases of the fame; and Doubts have arisen, whether the Provisions of the said Act extend to the Case of Lands held in Antient Demesne or by Copy of Court Roll; and it is expedient that such Doubts should be removed* Be it therefore declared and enacted, That such of the Powers and Provisions of the said recited Act as authorise the Sale or Mortgage of Estates belonging to Lunatics, shall be deemed and taken to extend to such Estates as are held by Antient Demesne or by Copy of Court Roll.

Recited Acts, so far as relates to Duties and Conditions under which Coals are brought by Inland Navigation, continued till Aug. x, 18ao.

Possessors of Lands, &c* may appoint Steward or Attorney to*accept Common Recovery of Estates held by Antient Demesne.

Effect of such Recoveries.

43 G. 3. c. 7, f.

§ I. authorising Sale of Luna-tics* Estates, extended to Estates held in Antient Demesne,

CAP. LXXXI.

An Act to amend an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for appointing Commissioners to inquire concerning Charities in England for the Education of the Poor \ and to extend the Powers thereof to other Charities in England and Wales; to continue in force until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and twenty three, and from thence until the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

[6th July 1819.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for appointing Com- Recital of

miffoners to inquire concerning Charities in England for the Education of the Poor: And Whereas certain 5^ G. 3. 0.91.

Commissioners were appointed for the Execution of the said Act, by a Commission under the Great Seal ^iraSnershad

bearing date the Twentieth Day of August One thousand eight hundred and eighteen; and the said Com- been appointe(i

missioner8 have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act; and it is highly expedient that the Provisions of by Commission,

the said Act should be extended to other Charities and Trusts created for charitable Uses or Purposes, in aoth Aug. 1818. 4 England and Wales, and that the Number of Commissioners should therefore be increased, and that the said Act should be otherwise amended; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act it shall and may be ^n"^?.neEi lawful for His Majesty to issue a Commission under the Great Seal to any Number of Persons not exceeding Twenty, who shall be constituted Commissioners for the Puiyofes of the said recited Act and this Act 5 and poi^J for* that the said Commissioners, or any Two or more of them, mail have all such Powers anjl Authorities in the Execution of Execution of the said recited Act and this Act, as by the said recited Act are given to or vested in the Com- recited Act missioners, or any Three of them, under the said recited Act, except where it is otherwise provided by this "A Act

Act;

C. 8l.

59° GEORGII IU.

A.D. 1819.

Appointment oi Secretary,

Ac.

Ten Commissioners, not being in Parliament, may receive Remuneration. Half yearly

Commissioners not obliged to report to Parliament.

Vacancies filled up by the Crown.

Providing for

Act; and that it shall and may be lawful for such Commissioners to appoint and employ such Secretary* Clerks, Messengers and Officers, not exceeding in the whole One Secretary* Five Clerks, Five Messengers and Two other Officers, as they shall think meet, in such manner anti under such Regulations as are contained in the said recited Act, except as the fame is altered by this Act; and that no Remuneration shall be given for and in respect of the Execution of the said recited Act and this Act, to such; of the Commissioner* to be appointed under this Act as shall be Members of either House of Parliament* nor to any Number exceeding Ten of the other Commissioners to be appointed under this Act; and that it shall and may be lawful for Ten of such lad mentioned Commissioners to receive Remuneration, any thing in the said recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding; and that the Commissioners to be appointed under this Act, or any Reports by Five Five or more of them, shall, once in each Half Year during the Continuance of their Commission, make such Commissioners. Report and Certificate to His Majesty, of their Proceedings under the said recited Act and this Act, as by the said recited Act is required to be made of the Proceedings of the Commissioners under that Ad, by such Commissioners or any Three of them.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall not be obliged to make any Report or Reports of their Proceedings to the Two Houses of Parliament, or either of them; any thing in this or any other Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, That in case of any Vacancy or Vacancies, by the Death, Removal or Resignation of any such Commissioners, it shall be lawful for His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, to nominate and; appoint such Person or Persons as he or they may think proper, for the supplying of such Vacancy or Vacancies.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer or for the of^ Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain: and Ireland for the time

Commissioner*, or ^7 Three of them, and he or they is and are hereby authorised and required, from timerto time to

issue and cause to be paid out of the Consolidated Fund of the said United Kingdom, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Ten thousand Pounds in any one Year, for the Payment of Salaries to any Number of Commissioners, not exceeding Ten of the Commissioners appointed or to be appointed under the Authority of the said recited Act and this Act respectively, and who shall not be Members of either House of Parliament 5 and that out of the said Sum not exceeding Ten thousand Pounds to be issued as aforesaid, a Salary at the Rate of One thousand Pounds a Year shall be payable and paid to each of such Ten Commissioners, the same to be payable and paid Half yearly, free and clear from all Taxes and Deductions whatsoever, on the Tenth Day of 0Sober and the Fifth Day of April in each Year, by even and equal Portions 5 and that in case of the Resignation or Death of any One or more of the said Commissioners, the Commissioners So resigning, or the Executors or Administrators of such Commissioners so dying, shall be enti* tied to such proportional Part of such clear Salary as shall have accrued during the time that such Commissioner shall have executed his said Office 5 and it shall and may be lawful for the said Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Three of them, and he and they is and are hereby authorised and empowered, in like manner to issue and cause to be paid out of the said Consolidated Fund any further Sums of Money not exceeding the Sum of Eight thousand Pounds in any one Year, to be employed for the Payment of the travelling Expences of any of the Commissioners to be appointed under this Act, and of the Secretary, Clerks, Messengers and Officers of the said Commissioners, and in the paying other necessary Charges in and about the Execution of the said recited Act and this Act, in such manner and under such Regulations as is directed by the said recited Act with respect to the Sum of Four thousand Pounds in the said Act mentioned.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners to be appointed under the Authority of this Act, and they are hereby authorised, empowered and required, to examine into and to investigate the Amount, Nature and Application of all Estates and Funds of what Nature or Kind soever* and the Produce thereof, destined or intended to be applied either to the Purposes in the said recited Act mentioned, or to the Support of any Charity or Charities, or charitable Donation or Donations, for the Benefit of poor Persons in England and Wales, or held under Trusts created for any charitable Uses or Purposes whatever in England or Wales (except as is herein after provided and excepted), and to examine into and to investigate all Breaches of Trull, Irregularities, Frauds, Abuses, or supposed Abuses or Misconduct, in relation to and in the Management or Appropriation, or Nonappropriation or Misappropriation of such Estates and Funds, in like manner and with the like Powers, and under the like Regulations and Restrictions in, all respects, as are mentioned and contained in the said recited Act with respect to the Charities mentioned in the said recited Act, except only so far as the same are expressly repealed or altered, or otherwise provided for by this Act.

VI. And be it further enacted, That no Petition or Information presented, filed or prosecuted under this Act, nor any Answer thereto, nor any Depositions, Interrogatories, Affidavits or Proceedings, nor any Order or Decree upon the fame or in relation thereto, nor any Copies of any such Petition, Information, Answer, Depositions, Interrogatories, Affidavits, Order or Decree, nor of any othei Proceedings whatsoever under this Act, shall be subject or liable to the Payment of any Stamp Duty whatever 5 and that whenever any Copy of any Will relating to any Charity, or any Extract from any such Will, shall be required for the Purposes of this Act> by any Order signed by the said Commissioners under this Act, or any Two of them, from the

required b Office of the Prerogative Court of the Archbishop of Canterbury in Doctors' Commons, or from any other Commissioner*. Offices where such Will shall have been proved; or whenever any Copy or Extract of any Deed or Deeds.

shall be so required by such Commissioners from any Person or Persons, such Copy or Extract shall not be subject

jocol. per Annum to each of Ten Commissioners payable Half yearly, Tax free and apportioned.

ficocL per Annum for travelling Expences.

Powers of Commissioners extended to all Charities in England and Wales.

Exception.

M. n.---

Jw stamp Duties 00

Proceedings;

nor on Copies or Extracts of Wills, &c.

A.D. 1819. 59° GEORGII III. C. 81, 82. 915

Proviso for Acts of Commissioners

subject or liable to the Payment of any Stamp Duty whatever; any Law, S&tute or Ullage to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

VII. Provided always, '"and be it enacted, That this Act or any of the Provisions therein* contained shall not Phwfaoibr extend or be construed to extend to either of the Uni verfi ties of Oxford or Cambridge, nor to any College or

Hall within the same; nor to any Schools or other Endowments of which the said Universities, Colleges or Halls, are Xrustee6; nor to the Colleges of Westminster, Eton or Winchester; nor to the Charter House; nor to the Schools of Harrow or Rugby, or any of them; nor to any Cathedral or Collegiate Church within England or Wales; nor to the Corporation of the Trinity House of steptford Strond; nor to any College,

Free School, or other charitable Institution or Donation or Charity whatever, which has Special Visitors,

Governors or Overseers, appointed by the Founders; nor to any Funds applicable to the Benefit of any Persons of the Jewish Persuasion, or of the People called Quakers, or of Persons of the Roman Catholic Per-suasion, and which shall be under the Superintendence and Contronl of Persons of such Persuasions respectively:

Provided always, that the said Commimoner6 shall report the Names of all such Chanties aforesaid as have Commissioners Special Visitors, Governors or Overseers appointed, to His Majesty, and both Houses of Parliament. thereon*

VIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That this Act or any of the Provisions therein contained shall riot .*' extend or'be construed to extend to any Institution, Establishment or Society for Charitable Purposes, wholly chari's wholly or principally maintained by voluntary Contributions, and under the Superintendence and Controul of any or chiefly nup-Committee or Governors, or other Person or Persons chosen or appointed out of or by voluntary Subscribers ported by vo-thereto; and that the Application of any Donation or Bequest to the general Purposes of any such Institution, luntaiy Con-Establishment or Society, in aid of such voluntary Contributions, shall not be subject to the Examination or tdbudona, &c. Interference of the Commissioners appointed under this Act: Provided always, that the Management and Application of the Rents and Profits of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments belonging to such Institution,

Establishment or Society, for the Period of Twenty Years or upwards before the passing of this Act, shall in

all such Cases be subject to the Examination of the said Commissiaiiers at their Discretion.

IX. Provided also, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall alter, invalidate, infringe

or impugn any Act, Matter or Thing whatsoever, which at any time before the passing of this Act, hath been__________

done or performed, or which after the passing of this Act and before the Appointment of Commissioners under under recited the Authority of this Act, shall or may be done or performed by any Commissioners appointed under the Act heretofore find recited Act of the last Session of Parliament, or by th$ir Secretary, Clerks, Officers or Servants, or by done.

any Person or Persons under the Orders of the said Commissioners, or any of them, in the Execution of the Powers of the said recited Act; but that all such Acts, Matters and Things shall be as good, valid and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if this Act had never been passed or made; any thing in this Act to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

X. And be it further enacted, That the said recited Act of the last Session of Parliament, so far as the ^nd

fame is not expressly altered or repealed by this Act, shall remain in force; and that the said recited Act and construed to this Act shall be construed together as one Act, so far as the same are compatible and confident with each gether. other, and as if the Clauses and Provisions in this Act contained had been inserted in the said recited Act of the Fifty eighth Year aforesaid, and had made Part thereof.

XI. And be it further enacted, That any Action or Suit which shall be brought against any Commissioners appointed or to be appointed under the Authority of the said recited Act or this Act, or against any Person or Persons acting under the Authority or by the Order of such Commissioners, or any of them, for any thing done or acted by him or them under the said recked Act or this Act, shall be commenced within Six Calendar Months next after the Fast committed (in respect of which such Action or Suit shall he brought

or commenced) and not afterwards; and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action or Suit may General Issue, plead the General Issue, and give the said recited Act and this Act, and the Special Matter in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon; and if such Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced after the time so limited for bringing the same, then the Jury shall find a Verdict for the Defendant or Defendants; and in such Case, or if the Jury shall find a Verdict for the Defendant or Defendants upon the Merits, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or discontinue his or their Action after Appearance, or if upon Demurrer Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, which he or they shall and may recover in such and the same manner as any Defendant can by Law in other Cases.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the said recited Act and this Act shall continue in force until the first Day of August One thousand eight hundred and twenty three, and from thence until the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be amended, altered or repealed, by any Act or Act amenfal,

Acts to be passed in this present Session of Parliament. dl, Q Smm£mu

Limitation

Actions.

Treble Co

Conti! of Act*,

CAP. LXXXII.

An Act to amend an Act made in the Fifty fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for enabling the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties in Ireland to purchase Premises for erecting Docks, Warehouses and Offices in Dublin.

[6th July 1819.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled *3* e-44V V An Act to enable the Cornmffianers of Cujbmt and Port Duties in Ireland to furchafe Premises for the ertBing additional Docks, Warehouses and Offices* in Dnhfin, certain Powers were given to the said Commissioners fir carrying the said Act into Execution x And Whereas furter Powers are necessary to be given for

more

916 C. 82.

59° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1819.

Commissioners empowered to stop up Streets, Alleys, &c. on

Commissioners may treat with Parties injured by stopping up Streets, &c. and make Compensation to them.

more fully effectuating the Purposes of the said Act Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or any Three of them, and they are hereby authorised and , empowered, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, or under the Hands and Seals of any Three of them, to Notice in Dub- order and direct any Person or Persons whom they shall appoint for that Purpose, to close and stop up any lin Gazette. Street, Road, Lane, Court or Alley, or any Part thereof, contained within or passing through any Ground or Premises purchased or to be purchased by the said Commissioners, for the Purposes in the said Act mentioned; provided always, that the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, shall give Ten Days previous public Notice in the Dublin Ga % ettey and in any One of the Newspapers published in Dublin, of their Intention to stop or close up any such Street, Road, Lane, Court or Alley, or any Part thereof; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, and they are hereby authorised and empowered, to renew such Warrant or Warrants from time to time, as Occasion may require.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, and they are hereby authorised and empowered, ' from time to time, by and with the Consent and Approbation of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, to contract or agree with the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, of any House or Houses, Building or Buildings, or Parcel or Parcels or Plot or Plots of Grounds and Premises, or with the immediate Lessee or Lessees of any such House, Building or Ground, or with any Body or Bodies Corporate, Sole or Aggregate, or with the Guardian or Guardians, Trustee or Trustees, Committee or Committees of any Cestuique Trusts, Infants, Issue unborn, Femes Covert, Idiots or Lunatics, for Compensation to be made for any Damage or Loss that such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, Lessee or Lessees, Body or Bodies Corporate, Sole or Aggregate, Cestuique Trusts, Infants, KTue unborn, Femes Covert, Idiots or Lunatics, shall or may appear, on due Proof, to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, to have sustained, or l}e likely to sustain, for or by reason of the (lopping up, altering or changing any Street or Streets, Road or Passage, Lane or Alley, within or leading through any Premises purchased or to be purchased by the said Commissioners, for the Purposes in the said Act mentioned; and such Agreement shall be sufficient in Law, and binding to all Intents and Purposes; and such Trustee or Trustees, Guardian or Guardians, or Committee or Committees, shall be and are hereby authorised effectually to release the said Commissioners, their Heirs and Successors, from all such Loss and Damages; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, by and with such Consent and Approbation as aforesaid, to pay to such Person or Persons as aforesaid such Sum and Sums of Money as the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, shall think reasonable for such Damages as aforesaid, out of any Money in their Hands arising from the Duties of Customs payable in Ireland.

III. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, cannot agree with such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, Lessee or Lessees, Body or Bodies Corporate, Sole or Aggregate, or the Guardian or Guardians, Trustee or Trustees, Committee or Committees of any Cestuique Trusts, Infants, Issue unborn, Femes Covert, Idiots, Lunatics or any of them, as to the Amount of such Sum or Sums to be paid as Compensation for such Damage as aforesaid, that then and in ever) such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for every such Person or Persons who shall think him, her or themselves aggrieved or injured by the flopping any such Street, Road, Lane, Court or Alley as aforesaid, or any Part thereof, to lay their Claim for Compensation or Account of the fame by Petition before the said Commissioners; and the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, are hereby authorised and required to cause the Amount of such Compensation for such Damage or Injury so complained of, to be ascertained by a Jury or Juries before the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, in like manner, and with all and every the like Powers to them in that behalf, as by the said recited Act they are authorised to use and exercise with respect to the Valuation and Purchase of the Right, Title and Interest of any Person or Persons in and to Grounds, Houses and Buildings, by the said Act directed to be valued and ascertained; and the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, are hereby authorised and required to pay all such Damages as shall be so awarded, and such other Sum and Sums of Money as shall be found necessary for the Purposes of this Act, out of any Money in their Hands arising from the Duties of Customs payable in Ireland,

1 IV. And Whereas the said Commissioners of Customs, in pursuance of the said recited Act, and for the

Purpose of carrying the fame into Effect, have heretofore, by themselves or by Persons acting under their Authority, (lopped up, altered or changed certain Streets, Ways, Passages or Roads through the said

Premises, for the purpose of forwarding and expediting the Public Works, and which was absolutely ' unavoidable and necessary to the Purposes of the said Act; and therefore the said Commissioners, and those

acting by their Authority and under them, ought to be indemnified for having so done, under the Conditions

and Provisoes herein after mentioned Be it therefore enacted, That, all Actions or Suits, either at Law or

against PersJs in Equity, and all Indictments, Informations, and all Prosecutions and Proceedings whatsoever, which have u ^uchStrrets, keen or 11 he commenced or prosecuted against any Person or Persons for or by reason of such Person or stayed by Court Persons having heretofore (lopped up, altered or changed, or caused to be (topped up, altered or changed, on summary any Street, Road, Lane, Court, Alley or Passage, within or through the said Premises so purchased or lead-

Application. ing through the fame or any Part thereof, or for or by reason of any other Act, Matter or Thing commenced,

appointed or done in relation to the Premises, shall be and the same are hereby made void and of no effect; and the Courts in which respectively such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, or Proceedings, have been or shall be commenced, are hereby authorised and required, on Application made to such Courts for the Purpose in a summary Way, and it appearing to such Courts by Affidavit or the Admission of the Parties, that the said

Actions,

In case of Disagreement, Amount of Compensation to be ascertained by a Jury;

and paid out of Custom Duties by Commissioners. Recited that certain Streets have been stopped up, &c. by Commissioners.

Actions, &c.

A.D. 1819. 59° GEORGII III. C. 82, 83. 917

Actions, Suits, Indictments or Proceedings were commenced or prosecuted for the purposes hereinbefore mentioned, to order that all such Actions, Suits, Indictments or Proceedings shall cease and be flayed; and the said Commissioners and all and every such Person or Persons shall be and they and he are and is hereby for ever acquitted, discharged and indemnified, of, from and against all such Actions, Suits, Indictments and Proceedings accordingly.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons who shall have commenced or proceeded on any such Action, Suit or Indictment, or taken such Proceedings, to prefer his, her or their Petition to the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, in manner hereinbefore directed with respect to Persons claiming Compensation for Damages, thereby claiming Compensation for such Damages as he or they may conceive themselves entitled to, including such Coils as may have been incurred in any Action, Suit, Indictment or Proceeding, which may have been taken by him or them as aforesaid, and to have and receive such Compensation for such Damages, Loss and Costs as the said Commissioners shall deem reasonable, and which shall be agreed upon between them and the Party or Parties so claiming Compensation as aforesaid; and in case no such Agreement can be made, then it shall be lawful for such Person or Persons to have and receive such Compensation for such Damage, Loss and Costs, as may be awarded by a Jury, to whom the said Commissioners are hereby authorised and required to refer the fame, in like manner and according to the several Powers, Provisions and Regulations in the said recited Act and this Act contained, and which Compensation the said Commissioners are hereby authorised to make and pay as aforesaid.

CAP. LXXXIII.

An Act to grant Duties of Customs and to allow Drawbacks on certain Goods, Wares and Merchandise imported into and exported from Ireland, in lieu of former Duties and Drawbacks on the like Articles; and to make further Regulations for securing the Duties of Customs in Ireland.

[7th July 1819.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great*

Britain and Ireland\ in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies granted to Your Majesty, and for the Support of Your Majesty's Government, do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Aavice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid unto and for the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, in ready Money (except as herein after is provided), without any Discount whatever, upon the Importation into Ireland of the several Goods, Wares and Merchandise mentioned and set forth in the Schedule to this Act annexed, the several Duties of Customs as inserted, described and set forth in Figures in the said Schedule, according to the respective Amounts of the said Duties; and that on the Exportation of the said Goods, Wares and Merchandise from Ireland (except to Great Britain), there shall also be paid and allowed the several Drawbacks in respect of the said Duties of Importation, as the same are also respectively inserted, specified and set forth in the said Schedule; and that the said Duties and Drawbacks shall be in lieu and full Satisfaction of all Duties and Drawbacks payable in Ireland upon the Importation or Exportation of Goods, Wares and Merchandise of the like Sorts, under or by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force in Ireland immediately before the passing of this Act: Provided always, that such of the Duties in the said Schedule mentioned, as are imposed on certain Articles which shall be imported after certain Days mentioned in the said Schedule, shall be payable from and after such Days respectively, and not before.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Duties granted, mentioned and set forth in this Act, and the Schedule thereto annexed, shall be charged and payable on all such Goods, Wares and Merchandise therein mentioned as having been imported into Ireland} shall have been or shall be warehoused, or shall have been secured without the Duties due on the Importation thereof having been first paid, and as shall remain or shall have remained so warehoused or secured on or after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, or on or after any Day on which any such Duties shall become payable In pursuance or by Authority of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force for that Purpose, although such Goods, Wares or Merchandise may have been imported before the said Days respectively: Provided always, that such Duties shall not be charged or payable on any such Goods, Wares or Merchandise, until the time when the Duties, which such Goods, Wares or Merchandise shall have been subject to before the said Days respectively, would have been payable by Law.

III. Providied also, and be it enacted, That in all Cases where the Whole or any Part of the Duties on the Importation into Ireland of any of the Goods, Wares and Merchandise specified in the said Schedule to this Act annexed, are or shall be permitted to be secured by Bond or otherwise, by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force in Ireland at the time of such Importation, the Duties by this Act and the said Schedule granted or imposed on such Goods, Wares and Merchandise, may in like manner, and under the same Rules, Regulations, Restrictions and Conditions, be permitted to be secured by Bond or otherwise.

IV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, and until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty two, the Sum of Two Shillings and Fpur pence British Currency, Part of the Duty of Eight Shillings and Seven pence British Currency payable at the time of the passing of this Act, on every Hundred Pounds Weight of Cotton Wool, being the Produce of and imported directly from any British Colony or Plantation in America, shall be and the

59 Geo. III. 0 B fame

Parties having commenced such Suits, may apply for Compensation to Commissioners, or in default of agreeing with them, to a Jury.

The Duties and Drawbacks specified in Schedule levied and allowed, in lieu of former Duties and Drawbacks.

Warehoused Goods to pay the Duties though imported before July 5, 1819 &c.

Proviso as to time of charging Duties.

Duties herein mentioned may be secured by Bond under the usual Regulations.

2s. 4cL British Currency, Part of Duty of 8s. 7d. onerety Cwt of Cotton Wool imported

918 C. 83.

59° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1819.

from British Colonies in America, suspended till July 5, 182a; and 3d. per Cwt. paid. Cotton Wool of any Country that has been 'warehoused on or before Jan. 5, 1&20,

out for Consumption in Ireland. Sheeps Wool or Lambs

fame is hereby suspended; and that from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, until and upon the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty two, the Sum of Six Shillings and Three pence British Currency, and no more, shall be paid on every One hundred Pounds Weight of such Cotton Wool imported into Ireland; and in case the Importer or Proprietor of any Cotton Wool or Waite of Cotton Wool, the Produce of any British Colony or Plantation in America, not being imported directly from thence, or of any Cotton Wool or Walle of Cotton Wool, the Produce of any other Country or Place, which shall have been secured in Warehouses at any time on or before the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty, shall be desirous of taking any such Cotton Wool or Waste of Cotton Wool out of such Warehouse, after the said Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty, for the purpose of being used or consumed in Ireland, then and in such Case the Duties imposed by this Act, and the Schedule thereto annexed, on such Cotton Wool or Waste of Cotton Wool imported after to pay the Duty the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty, according to the Value thereof, shall be on being taken payable and paid on such Cotton Wool or Waste of Cotton Wool so taken out of Warehouse, notwithstanding r}*uch 0otton Wool or Waste of Cotton Wool may have been imported and warehoused on or before the said Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of the Customs and _____ Port Duties in Ireland, by and with the Consent and Approbation of the said Commissioners of His Majesty's

Wool, on Proof Treasury, or any Three of them, upon Proof to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners of the Customs and that Orders Port Duties that Orders were given for the Purchase of any Sheeps Wool or Lambs Wool at any time were given for before the passing of this Act, and that such Sheeps Wool or Lambs Wool shall be imported into Ireland admitted to at^t"ne a^ter Pang of this Act, to admit such Sheeps Wool or Lambs Wool to Entry, upon Pay-Entry on ment of the Duty of One Penny per Pound only; and that such Sheeps Wool or Lambs Wool so imported.

Payment of id. in pursuance of any such Orders, shall be subject and liable to the said Duty of One Penny per Pound, and no more, on Importation into Ireland; any thing in this Act, or the Tables thereto annexed, to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Payment of the several Duties of Customs imposed by any Act or Acts in force in Ireland immediately before the passing of this Act, on the Importation into Ireland of Train Oil, Spermaceti Oil, Head Matter and Whale Fins, the Produce of Fish or Creatures living in the Sea,

*1T, r-. , taken and caught on the Banks and Shores of the Island of Newfoundland, and Parts adjacent, wholly by His Newfoundland, Majesty's Subjects carrying on such Fishery from that Island; and also the Duties payable under any such'- Act or Acts on Cranberries, Fox Skins, Otter Skins, Wolf Skins, Bear Skins, Cat Skms, Beaver Skins, and

on Timber being the Produce of Newfoundland, and imported directly from thence, shall be and the same are hereby suspended, and the said Duties shall not be charged or payable on any such Articles from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty four inclusive; and also, that all Duties payable upon Goods, Wares and Merchandise, exported from Ireland to the said Island of Newfoundland, under an Act made in the Fifty fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for granting Duties of Customs on the Exportation of certain Goods* Wares and Merchandise from Ireland, shall be and the same are hereby m like manner suspended, and (halt not respectively be charged or payable, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty four inclusive; any thing in the said Acts, or any of them, or in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding z Provided always, that such Goods, Wares and Merchandise shall be duly entered and landed, and shall he subject in every respect to all the Regulations required by Law; and that the several Duties hereby

per lb.

Duties payable before Act on Produce herein mentioned of Pish taken at

and on Cranberries, &c. of that Country imported, suspended till July 5, 1824.

Duties payable on Goods exported from Ireland to Newfoundland suspended till July 5, 1824. Proviso as to

Entry and land- suspended, shall revive and become payable, from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight

2 ^O — hlin/lVO/1 L\11 «*t n r» «C 4- V. O11 i I nn ti J Lam mImaa

hundred and twenty four, in such and the like manner as if the said Suspension of Duty had not taken place.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the Drawbacks granted, allowed and made payable upon qr in respect of any of the Goods, Wares and Merchandise mentioned and specified in the Schedule to this Act annexed, or any of them, under or by virtue of any Act or Acts in force immediately before the passing of this Act, shall remain and continue payable with respect to such Goods, Wares and Merchandise as shall have paid the Duties imposed on the Importation thereof under such Acts respectively, and as shall be exported from Ireland at any time after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen; and that the several and respective Drawbacks granted, allowed and made payable by or under this Act, or the Schedule thereto annexed, or any of them, shall be paid and allowed only on the Exportation of such Articles as shall have paid the several and respective Duties imposed thereon*by this Act, and the Schedule thereto annexed.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all the Duties and Drawbacks in this Act and the Schedule here* unto annexed, specified, mentioned and contained, shall be paid and payable, and received and receivable in British Currency; and that all the said Duties shall be carried to* and made Part of the Consolidaled' Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; and that all the said Duties and Drawbacks in the said

ttTomsoUd^d Scl^dule specified, mentioned and contained, shall be paid and received upon the several Articles and Things Eund of in this Act and the said Schedule hereunto annexed, specified, mentioned and contained, according to the United King- Tale, Weight, Gauge, Measure or Value of the said Articles respectively specified, and also in proportion dom, and levied upon any greater orlefe Number, Weight, Quantity, Measure or Value of such Articles, Matters and Things respectively.

IX. And Whereas by the several Acts for the Union of Great Britain and Ireland, it was among other things provided and enacted, that all Duty charged on the Import of Foreign or Colonial Goods mtn. either*Country, fhoidd, on their Export to* the other, be drawn back, or the Amount, if any were retained* < should be placed to the Credit of the Country to which they should be exported, so long as the Expenditure

4 of

ing, &c. Drawbacks to remain which were payable on Goods exported from Ireland under any Act in force before passing of this Act.

Duties and Drawbacks in British Currency.

Duties carried

according to Tala, &c. of Goods.

39 & 40 G. 3. 167. Art. 6.

A.D. 1819. 59° GEORGII III. C. 83. 919

of the United Kingdom should be defrayed by proportional Contributions: And Whereas, by an Act made in the Fifty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to unite and consolidate into One Fund, all the Public Revenues of Great Britain and Ireland, and to provide for the Application thereof to the general Service of the United Kingdom, it is enacted, that from and after the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and Seventeen, all Rates, Duties, Taxes, Receipts, Sums of Money and Revenues, of what Nature or Kind soever, which shall or may constitute or form Part of, or be directed to be carried to the several Funds called the Consolidhted Fund of Great Britain and the Consolidated Fund of Ireland respectively, shall be carried to, and shall be and become, and shall form and constitute One general Fund, to be called The Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; and that the said Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, after Payment and Satisfaction of certain Charges in the said last recited Act mentioned, shall be indiscriminately applied to the Service of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or any Part thereof, as shall be directed by Parliament: And Whereas it is expedient to continue the Payment of Drawbacks on the Export of Foreign and Colonial Goods from Ireland to Great Britain Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, all Duties of Customs and Excise charged and paid on the Importation into Ireland of any Foreign or Colonial Goods, Wares or Merchandise, shall, on the Exportation from Ireland to Great Britain of such Goods, Wares and Merchandise, be drawn back, and paid and allowed to the Exporters of such Goods, Wares and Merchandise, under and subject to all such Rules, Regulations and Restrictions as are required by any Act or Acts in force in Ireland immediately before the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen.

X. And Whereas, by several Acts in force in Ireland, Duties of Customs are imposed on certain Foreign Goods, Wares and Merchandise imported into Ireland directly from the Place of their Growth or Produce,

and higher Duties of Customs are imposed on the like Goods, Wares and Merchandise, if imported not directly from the Place of their Growth or Produce; and it is expedient that the like Duties should be paid on all such Foreign Goods imported into Ireland from Great Britain, as if such Foreign Goods had been imported from Foreign Parts Be it therefore enacted, That on the Importation of any such Foreign Goods, Wares or Merchandise into Ireland from Great Britain, such Import Duty of Customs shall be pakl and payable, as if such Foreign Goods, Wares or Merchandise had been imported into Ireland from Foreign Parts, either directly from the Place of their Growth or Produce, or not directly from such Place, according as they were in fact at first so imported from Foreign Parts into Great Britain; and that for the purpose of ascertaining whether any such Goods, Wares or Merchandise were first imported into Great Britain directly from the Place of their Growth or Produce, or not directly from such Place, it shall be. specified and set forth in every Cocket or Clearance of any such Foreign Goods, Wares or Merchandise exported from Great Britain to Ireland, whether such Goods, Wares or Merchandise were first imported into Great Britain directly from the Place of their Growth or Produce, or not directly from such Place, and the Import Duty of Customs on such Goods, Wares or Merchandise shall be payable accordingly on such Goods when imported into Ireland from Great Britain; and if it shall not be expressed and set form in such Cocket or Clearance of such Goods, Wares or Merchandise, whether the fame were so first imported into Great Britain directly from the Place of their Growth or Produce, or not directly from such Place, then and in such Case such Goods, Wares and Merchandise shall be and be deemed liable to such Duties of Customs, on their Importation into Ireland from Great Britain, as if the fame had been imported into Ireland from Foreign Parts, not directly from the Place of their Growth or Produce 5 any thing in any Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

XI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, it shall and may1 be lawful to import into Ireland from any Parts within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the Eq/l Indies, any Wine whatever in Bottles for private Use, on Payment of the several and respective Duties, as well of Customs as Excise, due and payable on the Importation of such Wines into Ireland: Provided always, that the Importer of such Wine, or his known Agent or Fadlor, shall make a Declaration before the Officer of the CiifLoms at the Port t>f Importation, Rating the Nature and Quantity of such Wine, and that the fame is for private Use, and not intended to be sold; and that such Wine shall be regularly entered and landed under the Care of the proper Officers of the Customs.

XII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of the Customs and Port Duties in Ireland, or any Three or more of them for the time being respectively, to repay or allow to the Importers, Owners, Proprietors or Consignees of Foreign Spirits, Wine or other Liquors which shall be loft by accidental Staving on shipboard, or in the unshipping thereof before the landing thereof, the Duties of Customs which shall hove become payable, or shall have been paid for or in respect of such Spirits, Wine or other Liquors, and to remit the Duties of Customs, and to cancel and vacate the Customs Bond for or in respect of all such Spirits, Wine and other Liquors, for which no such Duties shall have been paid, hut for which Security shall have been given by Bond taken for or in respect of the Warehousing thereof, before Payment of the Duties under or by virtue of any Act or Acts in force in Ireland, for permitting Goods imported to be warehoused or secured without Payment of Duty, and which shall be so loft by such accidental flaring: Provided always nevertheless, that no such Allowance or Repayment shall be made, nor any such Duty be remitted, nor any such Bond, or any Part thereof, be cancelled or vacated, unless Proof shall be made to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, that such Spirits, Wine or other Liquors were loft by such accidental Having, and not from any Want of due Care or Precaution on the Part of the Importer, Owner, Proprietor or ConSignee thereof, or his, her or their Agent: Provided also, that every such Bond shall be and remain in

6 B 2 full

56 G. 3. c. 98. Si-

Drawback of Import Duties on Foreign or Colonial Goods exported from Ireland to G. B.

Foreign Goods imported into Ireland from G. B. to pay Duty as if they had been imported direct from Foreign Parts.

Regulations for ascertaining the Place of Growth, &c. of such Goods.

Wine in Bottles may be imported for private Use from any Parts, within the Limits of £. 1. C. on Payment of Duty.

Declaration by Importer. Owners of Fb-reign Spirits and Wines lost from Staving or in the unshipping, may have Duty remitted, Bond cancelled, &c.;

on Proof herein mentioned being made to the Satisfaction of Commissioners of Customs.

Duties and Drawbacks, bow levied and paid.

14 & 15 C. 2.8.(1.)

46 G. 3. c. 106.

When Duties of Customs or Excise payable in G. B. on Articles imported are reduced, Treasury to cause a Schedule to be prepared of like Articles imported into Ireland, and specify therein Duties so reduced accordingly; and Drawbacks specified in like Manner.

And the Sums specified deemed the reduced Duties and Drawbacks, and paid and allowed as former Duties and Drawbacks.

Drawback on Exportation of Cordage from Ireland same as on Exportation of that Article from G. B.

C. 83. 59° GEORGII ILLA.D. 1819.

full force and effect, as to all the Spirits, Wine or other Liquors to which the same shall relate, and which shall not be so proved to have been loft by such accidental staving, and for or in respect whereof the Duties of Customs shall not be so remitted; any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the several Rates and Duties, and Drawbacks and Bounties, by this Act granted or allowed and made payable, shall be raised, levied, collected, paid and applied, in the same manner, and under such Powers ana Authorities, and subject to such Penalties and Forfeitures, and by such Way8 and Methods, and under such Rules and Dire6rions as are appointed, directed and expressed for the raising, collecting, levying and paying and managing of Duties, Drawbacks or Bounties payable on Goods, Wares and Merchandise imported into and exported from Ireland, or for the levying and applying any Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures, in and by an Act of Parliament made in Ireland in the r ourteenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled An Act for settling the Excise or New Imfoft upon His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, according to the Book of Rates therein inserted; or by an Act made in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to provide for the better Execution of the several Acts relating to the Revenues, Matters and Things under the Management of the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, and tf the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland; or in and by any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland relating to the Revenue of Customs and Excise or either of them, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame Powers and Authorities, Rules and Directions, Penalties and Forfeitures, were herein expressed and enacted, with the like Remedy of Appeal to and for the Party or Parties aggrieved, as in and by the said Act passed in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, or in and by any other Act or Act as aforesaid, is provided.

XIV. And Whereas, by the several Acts in force for the granting of Duties of Customs on Goods,

Wares and Merchandise imported into Ireland, it is enacted, that whenever it shall happen that any of the Duties, or any Part of the Duties of Customs or Excise, granted or made payable in Great Britain upon any Articles imported into Great Britain, upon which Duties of Customs are imposed in Ireland, shall cease

and determine, or be repealed, or be or become no longer payable in Great Britain, Provision shall be made,

that so much of the Duties of Customs payable in Ireland, as shall be equal to the Duties which shall so cease or determine or be repealed in Great Britain, shall in like manner cease or determine, or be repealed, and shall not be payable in Ireland at any time after the time when such Duties of Customs or Excise shall cease or determine, or be repealed, or be or become no longer payable in Great Britain, and that the Duties of Customs made payable in Ireland shall be reduced accordingly; For the better carrying of the said Provision into effect, be it enacted, That whenever any Act or Acts shall be passed for repealing any Duties and Drawbacks of Customs or Excise on any Goods, Wares or Merchandise imported into or exported from Great Britain, and for granting other Duties and Drawbacks in lieu thereof, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or any Three of them, to cause a Table or Schedule to be prepared under the Direction of the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties in Ireland, enumerating the several Articles imported into or exported from Great Britain, on which the Duties or Drawbacks of Customs (and Excise if any) shall be less than the Duties or Drawbacks of Customs payable or allowable on the like Articles imported into or exported from Ireland, in which Table or Schedule the reduced Amount of Duties or Drawbacks of Customs which shall in consequence become payable on such Articles respectively, imported into or exported from Ireland, shall be stated and set forth in Figures opposite each Article respectively so enumerated, which said reduced Duties or Drawbacks of Customs on such Articles imported into or exported from Ireland\ shall be equal to the Amount of the Duties or Drawbacks of Customs (and Excise if any) payable on such Articles imported into or exported from Great Britain; and a Copy of such Table or Schedule, when approved by the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, shall be signed by the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Three of them, and shall be transmitted to the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties in Ireland^ with such Directions respecting the same as the said Commissioners of the Treasury shall think proper and necessary 5 and the Sums specifiedin such Table or Schedule so approved and signed, shall be deemed and taken to be the proper reduced Duties and Drawbacks of Customs payable or allowable in Ireland, on or in respect of such Articles, and shall be levied and paid, and allowed in like manner as the Duties and Drawbacks of Customs on the like Articles under any Act or Acts in force in Ireland: Provided always, that no such Deduction shall take place upon any Article imported into Ireland, which shall not pay a Duty of Customs equal in Amount to the whole Duty of Customs (and Excise if any) which shall be payable on the like Article imported into Great Britain.

XV. And Whereas it is expedient to ammilate the Rate of Drawback on the Exportation of Cordage from that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Ireland, with that which is by Law payable on the Exportation of the fame Article from that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, the fame Drawback and Allowance shall be paid and allowed, and payable and allowable, upon the Exportation of Cordage from Ireland to Foreign Parts, which is now by Law payable and allowable on the like Exportation of the fame Article from Great Britain; any Act or Acts in force in Ireland to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

A.D. 1819. 59° GEORGII III. C. 83. 921

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

DUTIES of CUSTOMS to be paid, and Drawbacks to be allowed, upon the following Goods, Wares and Merchandise imported into Ireland from every Place except Great Britain, in lieu of former Duties and Drawbacks on the like Articles.

Duty.

Drawback.

Britishi Currency.

Tea imported from Great Britain, having been sold by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, at any time on or after the ith Day of June 1819, for every 100l. of the Value of all such Tea sold at such Sales, at or under 2x. per lb.

- above 2s. per lb.

Pepper, (not being Pepper called Cayenne, Long Pepper, or Guinea Pepper), the Pound -

Coffee, the Produce of any British Colony or Plantation, the Pound

- the Produce of any Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to

the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, the Pound -

- the Produce of any other Country or Place, the Pound

Cocoa Nuts, which shall be imported into Ireland from and after the^ioth Day of October 1819,

- the Produce of any British Colony or Plantation, the Pound

- the Produce of any Place within the Limits of the Charter granted

to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, the Pound -

- the Produce of any other Country or Place, the Pound

Rice, the Produce of and imported dire6Uy from any British Colony, Plantation or Territory, the cwt.

- if imported rough and in the Husk, the cwt.

- not being the Produce of and imported directly from any British Colony or Plantation or Territory, and Rice the Produce of any other Country or Place, the cwt.

- if imported rough and in the Husk, the cwt.

Snuff, imported from any Place whatever, the Pound -

Wool, Sheeps Wool or Lambs Wool, viz.

--the Produce of any Foreign Country in Europe,

- until the 10th Day of October 1819 inclusive, the lb.

- from and after the 10th Day of October 1819, the lb.

- the Produce of any other Foreign Country,

- until the 5th Day of January 1820 inclusive, the lb.

- from and after the 5th Day of January 1820, the lb.

--the Produce of and imported directly from any British Colony or

Territory,

- until the 5th Day of January 1823 inclusive, the lb.

- from the 5th Day of January 1823 until the 5th Day of January

1826 inclusive, the lb.

- from and after the 5th Day of January 1826, the lb.

Cotton Wool,

- the Produce of any British Colony or Plantation in America, not

imported directly from thence, and Cotton Wool, or Waste of Cottdn Wool, the Produce of any other Country or Place, which shall be imported into Ireland from and after the 5th Day of January 1820,

- in a British built ship, for every 100l. of the Value -

- in a Ship not British built, for every tool, of the

Value -

600

1200

£. /. d. £. X. d.

96 0 0

100 0 0 —

0 2 6

0 1 0 0 1 0

0 1 6 0 1 6

0 2 6 0 2 6

0 1 0 —

0 1 0

0 2 6 0 2 6

0 S 0 0 2 2

0 2 6 0 1 0

0 'S 0 0 2 2

0 10 0 0 1 0

0 6 0 -

0 0 1 1;

0 0 6 —

0 0 1 —

0 0 6

0 0 1 —

0 0 3 —

0 0 6 —

932. C. 84.

A.D. 1819.

No Affidavit required for authorising Presentments.

Instead of Affidavits, Applications are to be made in the Form herein mentioned.

Certain Magistrates, and qualified as herein mentioned, to hold a Special Sessions for the Purposes of this Act.

Places for holding Special Sessions to be appointed by Presentment of Grand Jury.

59° GEORGII III.

CAP. LXXXIV.

An Act to amend the Laws for making, repairing and improving the Roads and other Public Works in Ireland, by Grand Jury Presentments» and for a more effectual Investigation of such Presentments, and for further securing a true, full and faithful Account of all Monies levied under the same.

[7th July 1819.]

WHEREAS it is highly expedient that the Laws in force in Ireland\ for the making, repairing and improving of Roads, and for the building, repairing and maintaining of Public Works, by the Appli-

cation of Sums to be raised by Presentments of Grand Juries should be amended, and that Provision should be made for the more effectual Investigation of all Applications for such Preferments, and for accounting ' for the Expenditure of the Money raised thereby Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, no Affidavit shall be necessary to empower any Grand Jury in Ireland to make any Presentment for the making or repairing, or improving any Road or Footpath, or lowering any Hill or filling any Hollow in any existing or intended Road, or for building, repairing or altering, widening or extending any Bridge, Pipe, Sewer or Gullet thereon, or for building or repairingany Wall or Part of a Wall necessary to the Support of any Road, or to prevent any steep Banks of Earth from falling upon it, or for erecting any Fence or Railway or Wall for the Protection of Travellers from any dangerous Precipice or Hole, or for filling any Ditches, or making any Fences or Drains, or for building, altering, repairing or enlarging any Court House, Sessions House, Workhouse, House of Correction, Gaol, County Infirmary or Hospital, or for executing any other Public Work, any Act or Acts in force in Ireland to the contrary notwithstanding; but that instead of such Affidavits, Applications made as near as may be in fame of the Forms marked A.B. C.D. E. F. G. H. I. K. L. in the Schedule to this Act annexed, accompanied with such Estimates, Specifications, M?ps, Plans, Sections or Elevations as are required by such Schedule to be annexed to each Application respectively, shall, after having been previously taken into Consideration by the Magistrates assembled in Special Sessions in manner directed by this Act, be the only Authority for empowering any Grand Jury to make Presentments for the Purposes stated in each such Application respectively.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act it shall and may be lawful for every Magistrate of any County, County of a City, County of a Town, or City and County in Ireland, who shall be seised of a Freehold Estate or Estates, in Fee Simple or in Fee Tail, or for Life, of the annual Value of Three hundred Pounds at the least, situate in any Part of Ireland, or who shall be Heir Apparent to any Person fb seised, and for every Magistrate who shall be seised or possessed of a Leasehold Estate or Estates for Life, or for a Term of Years whereof not less than Fourteen Years shall be unexpired, of the yearly Value of Five hundred Pounds at the least, situate in any Part of Ireland, or who being seised of a Leasehold Estate for Life, not being of such Value, shall be also possessed of a Leasehold Estate or Estates for a Term of Yeats# as aforesaid, which, together with such Estate for Life shall amount to the clear yearly Value of Four hundred Pounds at the least, in any Part of Ireland; and for every Person possessed of the clear Sum of Ten thousand Pounds, over and above all his just Debts, and resident in the County, County of a City, County of a Town, or City and County, wherein he shall be a Magistrate, and for every Magistrate of any City and Liberties, County of a City, County of a Town, or City and County, by virtue of the Charter or Charters incorporating the fame; and where in any County of a City, or County of a Town incorporated by Charter, and consisting of a Chief Magistrate, Aldermen and Burgesses, there shall not be more than Three Magistrates, the Aldermen of the said Corporation shall be entitled to act as Magistrates for the Purposes of this Act 5 and for every Magistrate being a Rector or Vicar of any Rectory or Vicarage of the yearly Value of Three hundred Pounds, within the County, County of a City, County of a Town, or City and County, wherein he shall be a Magistrate; and for every Magistrate in any County, County of a City, or County of a Town, or City and County, really and bondJide refiaing therein, who shall be Agent to the Owner or Owners of any Estate or Estates therein of the annual Value of Six thousand Pounds for the Estate or Estates therein belonging to such Owner, amounting to the said annual Value, whether such Agent shall or shall not be seised or possessed in his own Right of any Estate, to assemble, and all such Magistrates are hereby required to assemble from time to time, and to hold a Special Sessions for the Purposes of this Act, in such Place and Places, and at such time and times, and within and for such Baronies, Half Baronies, or other Portions of the County, County of a City, County of a Town, or City and County, for which they shall be Magistrates, as the Grand Jury of such County, County of a City, County of a Town, or City and County, shall from time to time have appointed for that purpose, pursuant to the Directions of this Act, by Presentments at each Assizes immediately preceding.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the several Grand Juries at the several Summer Assizes next after the passing of this Act, and at every Spring and Summer Assizes following, in every County, County of a City, County of a Town, and City and County in Ireland, and they are hereby required to appoint, by Presentment, certain rlaces within the respective Counties, Counties of Cities and Counties of Towns (not more than One m-each Barony or Half Barony, ) at which and the times when the Magistrates of such Counties, Counties of Cities, Counties of Towns and Cities and Counties, qualified as by this Act is directed, shall assemble in Special Sessions to be holden previous to the next ensuing Assizes for such Counties, Counties of Cities, Counties of Towns, and Cities and Counties respectively, for taking into consideration all Applications which shall be made at such Sessions for any of the Purposes aforesaid, and also for examining all Accounts of the

Expenditure

A.D. 1819. 59° GEORGII 1IL C. 84. 92

Expenditure of Money prefen ted for the Purposes aforesaid in manner dueled by this Act; and that every Particulars to Presentment appointing such Places shall likewise appoint and define the Portion of the Comity, County of a*

City, County of a Town, or City and County, dor which all Applications for Presentments therein are to be ^entoi re8ent" considered, and all Accounts of Expenditure therein to be examined, by the Magistrates at each such Place of holding such Sessions 5 and every Presentment appointing the time for such Magi ft rates to assemble at* such Special Sessions, shall appoint their First Meeting preparatory to each A Sizes to & held at the County Court House, and shall appoint each subsequent Meeting at other Places to be held on such Days successively, as shall seem belt fnited for giving a Power of full Consideration to the Magistrates in Sessions at each Place, without unnecessary Delay, declaring how many Days the said Meeting may last in such Place; and it shall aMb be lawful for the Grand Jury at every such Affixes to direct, by Presentment, what Number of Copies of the Schedules of aH Applications to be made at such Seffioss shall be printed, and distributed by the Secretary to the Grand Jury, previous to the then next ensuing Affixes.

IV. And be it further enacted, That every Magistrate shall, before he shall act at any such Sefikms, take M^trates^ and subscribe the Oath following, in open Court, in the Presence of any Two other Magistrates assembled at to^MC*9 such Sessions, which Oath anyone Magistrate is hereby authorised and required to admiaiffer 5 (that is to say), following

T A B» of do swear, That I am seised of a Freehold Estate or Estates in Fee Oath.

A Simple [or, in Fee T43, or as Tenant for Life^] in Possession, of the annual Value of or that I am Heir Apparent to C.D. who is seised of such Estate in Fee Simple or Fee Tail, or that I am seised of a Leasehold Estate for Life, or for a Term of Years, whereof not less than Years are

unexpired, of the annual Value of and that such Estate is situate in

[fiating in what Part of Ireland the fame is Jituated, and specifying the Name of the Estate or other Description of the Property], and that the said Estate or Estates is or are bond side my Property [as the case may be] and not holden in Trust nor conveyed for the Purposes of an Act [reciting the Title of this Act}, or that I am seised of a Leasehold Estate or Estates for Life, not being of such Value, and am also do(sessed of a Leasehold Estate or Estates for a Term of Years as aforesaid, which, together with such Estate or Estates for Life, are of the annual Value of and that such Estates are

situate in [ft citing in what Part of Ireland the same are Jituated in, and specifying

the Names of the Estates or other Descriptions of the Property*], or that I am possessed of a clear personal Property of over and above all my just Debts and Incumbrances,

and that I reside in the County, [County of the City, County of the Town, or City and County, as the Case may be} or that I am a Magistrate of the City and Liberty, County of the City of County of the Town, or City and County of [as the case may be}, by virtue of the Charter or Charters incorporating the fame; or that I am Rector (or, Vicar) of the Rectory (or, Vicarage) of

within the County [or, County of a City, County of a Town, or City and County, as the case may be} and which Rectory (or, Vicarage) is of the yearly Value of or that I am Agent of the Owner of an Estate (or, Estates) in the County [or, County of the City, County of the Town, or City and County, as the case may be} of wherein I am a Magistrate,

of the annual Value of at least, belonging to such Owner, and that I really and

bond side reside in this County, and that in the Execution of the said Act I will truly, faithfully and impartially do and perform all such Matters and Things as I am authorised and required to do by the said Act, without Favour, Affection, Hatred, Malice or 111 Will, according to the best of my Judgment, upon the Information to be laid before me. So help me GOD.'

And that such Magistrate shall preside as Chairman at every Meeting held tinder this Act* as the Majority of Chairman at them present thereat shall choose, and such Chairman shall have a calling Voice in case of an Equality of Meetings to Voices; and every Chairman so presiding shall and he is hereby required to deliver to the Secretary of the Se<Te"

Grand Jury of the County, County of a City, County of a Town, or City and County respectively, a correct^LfcTof Lift, signed by himself, of the Names of all the Magistrates who shall have taken and subscribed such Oath at Magistrates the Semons where he had presided; and every such Secretary shall from time to time, without unreasonable taking Oath. Delay, deliver the said Lift, and all the Oaths fb made and subscribed, to the acting Clerk of the Peace, to'be by him preserved among the Records of the County.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Churchwardens of every Parish, and Places to be they are hereby required to appoint a Place for posting the Notices required by this Act, and such Appoint- appointed f<* ment shall be promulgated by Advertisements on the Doors of every Place of public Worship within the said

Parish, and in case that any Five Persons paying Grand Jury Cess within such Parish shall be dissatisfied with such Appointment, it shall and may be lawful for such Persons to require the Minister and Churchwardens of such Parish to convene a Vestry for the purpose of taking such Appointment into consideration, and such

Vestry may either approve of such Appointment, or fix some other Place for such Purpose, as they shall think

fit 5 and it shall and may be lawful for such Churchwardens to expend any Sum not exceeding r ive Pounds, Amount of

for the purpose of preparing and fitting up the Place so appointed, which Sum shall be presented by any Money to

Grand Jury of such County, to be paid to such Churchwardens, upon the fame being accounted for in like fSLtm

manner as Public Monies are required to be accounted for by this Act. appointed*

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Expence of keeping such Place in Repair for the Purpose aforesaid parishes to

shall be defrayed by such Parish, and shaft be levied off the fame by Act of Vestry, in like manner as parochial su*h Plat* in Cess at present may be levied. repair.

VII. And be it further enacted, That a Notice in Writing of every Application intended to be submitted Notice of Ap-

t* Magistrates at Special Sessions to be holden for the Purposes of this Act shall be polled by or on behalf of plications to

Special Sessions.

Application and Papers lodged with Secretary of Grand Jury.

Duty of Secretary thereon.

'Compliance with the above Directions to be examined into by Special Sessions.

Persons examined to be sworn.

Persons paying County Cess may examine Persons who have signed and sworn to Applications.

Secretary of Grand Jury to prepare Schedules of Applications; and cause Copies to be printed and distributed to Magistrates and Persons composing the Grand Panel;

and deliver a Copy thereof. Ac. to Foreman of Grand Jury, another to Judge of As-eiie, and keep

C. 84. 59° GEORGII III. A.D. 1819.

the Person or Persons intending to make such Application at the Place appointed in manner aforesaid, within such Parish wherein the Road or Work to which such Application shall relate is proposed to be executed, between the Hours of Nine and Twelve in the Forenoon on the Saturday next but one previous to the Day appointed for holding such Special Sessions.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That every such Application, together with the Estimates, Specifications, Maps, Plans, Se&ions and Elevations severally annexed to the fame, shall be lodged by the Parties by whom or on whose behalf such Applications shall be made with the Secretary of the Grand Jury, Ten Days at the least before the Day appointed by the Grand Jury for holding of the first Special Sessions, preparatory to the Spring or Summer A fuzes respectively in each Year; and the said Secretary is hereby required to keep an Office open for the purpose of receiving such Applications, during Fifteen Days immediately preceding the Day such Notices are required to be lodged with die Secretary; and such Secretary shall, with all convenient Dispatch, after Receipt of such Applications, arrange and number the same to the bell of his Skill and Judgment, according to the several Portions of the County, County of a City, County of a Town, or City and County, in which the Work applied for is proposed to be executed, and shall make an Abstra& thereof, and an Inaex thereto, referring to the Numbers which he shall mark on each Application; and such Secretary shall, at every Sessions of Magistrates under this Act, lay before the Magistrates all the Applications and Estimates, and other Papers relating thereto respectively, which shall have been lodged with him, or delivered at his Office as aforesaid, respecting the Execution of any Work within the Portion of the County, County of a City, County of a Town, or City and County for which such Sessions shall be held, together with the Abstract thereof and Index thereto.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Magistrates so assembled in such Special Sessions, Three at least always being present, and they are hereby authorised, empowered and required to examine into the posting or Serving of the Notices of Applications, and the lodging of all such Applications, and the Estimates, Plans and other Papers required, with the Secretary of the Grand Jury, as directed by this Act, or the Delivery of any Maps, Plans, Se&ions or Elevations to the Treasurer of the County, and also to examine every Person making or signing any Application, or any Estimate, Specification, Map, Plan, Section or Elevation in respect thereto, and every other Person whom such Magistrates shall think it proper or requisite to examine; and in case of the Death or necessary Absence, by Sickness or other Casualty, of any Person who shall have made and signed any Application, Estimate, Map, Plan, Section or Elevation, to examine into the Proof of his having made and signed the fame; and all Persons previous to being so examined shall be sworn in open Court to make true Answers to all such Questions as shall be asked of them, touching any such Application, or the posting or Serving Notices, or the lodging or delivering the fame with the Secretary to the Grand Jury, or the Treasurer of the County, or respecting the proposed Work for which the said Applications shall be made, and the Jurat of every Oath or Affidavit made by any Person so examined shall be signed by the Chairman and One other of the Magistrates present at such Sessions; and it shall be lawful for any Person paying County Cess, and desirous of Information respecting the Particulars of such proposed Work, to examine, with the Approbation of the Court, such Persons as nave signed and sworn to such Applications; and the said Magistrates so assembled shall, after such Examination, proceed to consider every such Application, and every such Application which shall be approved of by the Majority of the Magistrates at such Sessions, not less than Three being present, shall be signed by the Chairman, with the Word " approved/* and such of the said Applications which shall be disapproved, shall be signed by the Chairman, with the Word €i disapproved, " together with the Cause of such Disapprobation; and if such Disapprobation should arise from the proposed Estimate being considered too high, then the Chairman shall mark on the Back of the Application what Estimate the Majority of the Bench of Magistrates should consider sufficient for executing the proposed Work; and the said Chairman shall deliver all such Applications, whether approved or disapproved, with the several Estimates and all other Papers relating thereto, to the Secretary of the Grand Jury, to be by him laid before the Grand Jury at such next ensuing Assizes.

X. And be it further enacted, That the Secretary of the Grand Jury shall without Delay make and

a are Schedules of the Contents of all Applications delivered to him by the Chairman of the Magistrates at Sessions, including, in Separate Schedules, the Amount of the several Sums proposed by such Applications to be charged and raised on the County at large, and upon each Barony and Half Barony, and specifying the Amount of the Charge which the said Sums, so applied for to be raised on the County at large, would, if presented, occasion on each Barony or Half Barony, particularifing Separately the Charge arising from the Preferments on the Barony or Half Barony, and the Proportion of the Sum to be raised on the Barony or Half Barony in consequence of the Charge on the County at large, and numbering the Applications in each Schedule in arithmetical Progression, beginning with Number One, and noting by the Words " approved" or " disapproved" thereon the Opinion of the Magistrates on each Application; and such Secretary shall forthwith cause a Number of Copies of such Schedules to be printed and distributed before the next ensuing Assizes, among the several Magistrates, and such other Persons as usually compose the Grand Panel of the County, County of a City, or County of a Town, to which such Secretary belongs, not exceeding such Number as shall have been authorised and directed by the Grand Jury at the Assizes immediately preceding, according to the Directions of this Act; and the said Secretary shall, on the Day when the Grand Jury shall be Tworn at such ensuing Assizes, deliver One Copy of the said Schedules, together with the several Applications, Estimates, Plans and other Papers and Matters annexed to each Application, to the Foreman of the Grand Jury, and shall also deliver another Copy of the said Schedules to the Judge of Assize, and the said Secretary shall keep another Copy of the said Schedules in his Office

for

A.D. 1819. 59° GEORGII IIl.

0.84.

Applications* other Persons to be examined.

Proviso for

925

for the Inspection of the Public, during Four complete Days at lead immediately before the Commission Day another in his of such Assizes. Office for In-

XI. And be it further enacted, That the Grand Jury at such Assizes shall cause all Preferments spectM>n*

which they shall make upon the Applications so laid before them, to be numbered agreeable to the Numbers ^esentJ"e°?to in the said Schedules thereof; and it shall be lawful for such Grand Jury to make a Preferment on any by Grand Jury Application so laid before them, although such Application may have been disapproved of by the Magistrates who may make* be fore whom it was laid; or to refuse to make a Preferment or any Application so laid before them, although the same, al-such Application may have been approved or disapproved of by the Magistrates before whom it was laid; and though Appli-also to prefer any smaller Sum to be expended, or any less Number of Perches to be made, or at a smaller c*10" dis»p-Rate by the Perch, than may be proposed or required by such Application, or to present a Part only of tcTmake such Sum, at their Discretion. the same.

XII. And be it further enacted, That no Preferment for the grounding of which a previous Appli- Presentments cation is required by this Act to be made to a Special Sessions, shall be made or taken into consideration not to be made by the Grand Jury, nor shall be fiated by the Court at any Assizes for any County, County of a City, or Hated, unless County of a Town, or City and County, unless the Application for such proposed Preferment shall be Application entered in some One of such Schedules, other than and except such Preferments only as are herein after

specially provided for.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Person who shall have signed any In case of

Application, Estimate, Specification, Map or Plan or Section in pursuance of this Act, shall happen to die Death, Sick-before the Special Sessions at which it may have been intended that the fame should be taken into consideration, t^S3t &c* of or shall be prevented by Sickness or unavoidable Necessity from appearing at such Sessions, it shall be - ers?ns lawful for the Magistrates assembled there to examine upon Oath, in open Court, any other Person or Persons who shall appear before them, for the Purpose relative to the Matters contained in such Application, or in any of the said Papers, satisfactory Proof being first given that the Person or Persons who

had signed any of them is dead, or that he has been prevented by Sickness or unavoidable Necessity from appearing before them 5 and the Grand Jury may make Presentment on any Application delivered by the Magistrates (after such Examination) to their Secretary; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIV. Provided also, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act or any other Act contained, shall prevent any Grand Jury from making any Presentment for the immediate Repair of such Breaches as may happen in the Winter Season in any Mail Coach Road, or Post Road under the Provisions of an Act made in the Parliament Repdrof

of Ireland, in the Thirty second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for improving and p^t Roads,

keeping in Repair the Post Roads of this Kingdom, nor to prevent any Grand Jury from making any Presentment G.3. (I.) for Payment, in pursuance of any Contra& entered into for the Repair of Roads, under the Provisions of any and for Pre_ Laws in force at the time of such Contracts being made, nor to prevent any Grand Jury from making any sentments for Presentment of any Sum to be raised for any Purpose, where no previous Application by Affidavit or Payment of otherwise, is required by any Law in force in Ireland, nor from making any Presentment for Payment of any Contracts, Sec, Money expended by Order of a Justice of the Peace, for repairing any sudden Breach in any Bridge or

Road, pursuant to the Provisions of an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Thirty sixth Year of 36 G. 3. c. 55* His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for the Amendment of Public Roads, for dirc3ing the Power of (I*)

Grand Juries respe3ing Presentments, and for repealing several Laws heretofore made for those Purposes; but it shall and may be lawful for any Grand Jury to make any such Presentment in any of the Cases aforesaid, as if this Act had not been had or made 5 any thing in this Act, or in any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XV. And Whereas much Inconvenience may arise from Grand Juries not having the Power to present Grand Juries certain Sums for the Repair of sudden Breaches in Roads, Bridges, Gullets and Walls, which may have may present*occurred previous to the Assizes at which such Grand Jury may be assembled, and subsequent to the last SunV. not ex-

Special Sessions held under the Provisions of this Act Be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be f^R^adr lawful for any Grand Jury to present such Sum or Sums (not exceeding Ten Pounds) as may appear to Gf sudden them necessary to repair such Breach or Breaches: Provided always, that the Existence of such Breaches, Breaches in and the Necessity of their immediate. Repair, may be satisfactorily proved before such Grand Jury upon Oath, Rcuds and and that such Application shall be made in One of the Forms of the Schedules annexed to this Act: Pro- Badges before vided also, that in all Cases where Money may be thus presented, it shall be accounted for under the several 8slzes we held.

[Proviso.]

Provisions of this Act.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That every Person intending to account at any Assizes for the Expen- Notice to be diture of any Money presented for the making or repairing, or widening or improving any Road or Foot- given of ac-path, or lowering any Hill, or filling any Hollow on any existing or intended Road, or for building, repairing, ^unt*ng*or altering, widening or extending any Bridge, Pipe, Sewer or Gullet thereon, or for building or repairing any

Wall or Part of a Wall necessary to the Support of any Road, or to prevent any Steep Banks of Earth from sented for falling upon it, or for erecting any Fence or Railway or Wall for the Protection of Travellers from any Matters herein dangerous Precipices or Holes, or for filling any Ditches, or making any Fences or Drains, or for building, mentioned, altering, repairing or enlarging any Court House, Sessions House, Workhouse, House of Correction, Gam,

County Infirmary or Hospital, or for executing any other Public Work, shall cause a Notice of his Intention where Notice of so accounting to be posted at the Place appointed aforesaid, within each Parish, to the Place wherein the to be posted. Work to be accounted for, or any Part thereof, has been presented to be executed; and if there be no Market House, Church, Chapel or other Place of Public Worship in such Parish, then on any conspicuous or usual Place therein for polling Notices, between the Hours of Nine and Twelve in the Forenoon on the Saturday 59 Geo. III. 6 C next

Copy to be delivered to Secretary of Grand Jury, who is to post the same. Secretary to make Schedule of Notices.

Person accounting to attenct Special Sessions, and be sworn.

Proceedings as to allowing and disallowing Accounts.

Affidavit of Expenditure may be controverted by Person paying Cess.

Notice and Recognisance.

Court may try the Truth of Affidavit by a Jury.

Costs.

Presentment not paid until Traverse decided.

46 G. 3. c. 96.

s*-

Presentments not accounted for at Summer Assises, may be accounted for at Special Sessions.

Accounts disputed and respited on Recognisance. Allowance of Accounts certified.

Money not expended agreeable to Presentment, and ac-

C. 84. 59° GEORGII III. A.Di 1819.

next but One before the Day appointed by the Grand Jury for the holding of the first Special Sessions, preparatory to the Spring or Summer Assizes respectively in each Year; and such Person shall also cause a Copy of such Notice to be delivered to the Secretary of the Grand Jury, at or before the time when the same shall be so polled; and such Secretary shall make a Copy of every such Notice, and shall cause the same to be polled without delay on the Door of the Court House of the County, County of a City, County of a Town, or City and County, at which such Assizes are to be holden.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the Secretary to the Grand Jury shall make a Schedule of all such Notices, and shall annex to each the Number affixed in the Quere Book to the corresponding Quere which the Person accounting proposes that his Account shall discharge 5 and every Person so declaring his Intention to account, shall attend the ensuing Special Sessions, to be holden for the Purposes of the Act, for the Portion of the County, County of a City, County of a Town, or City and County, wherein the Work for which he proposes to account has been executed, with his Account drawn upas near as may be in the Form appropriated thereto in the Schedule annexed to this Act, and signed by himself; and such Person ftiaH be sworn to the Truth of the said Account, by any Magistrate at the said Sessions, in open Court 5 and such Account shall be examined in open Court by the Magistrates at sech Sessions, and on every Account approved by them, the Word allowed" shall be indorsed, attested by the Chairman and One other Magistrate; and on every Account not approved of by them, the Word disallowed" shall be indorsed, and the Reason of such Disallowance, and a Note of or Reference to the Items in the Account which may have caused such DifallowanceJ shall be indorsed thereon or annexed thereto, attested in like manner; and all such Accounts, Affidavits, Papers and Attestations, shall be delivered without delay by the acting Clerk of the Peace to the Secretary of the Grand Jury, to be by him laid before the Grand Jury at the then next Assizes, and the same shall be there proceeded on by the Grand Jury, with such Powers ana Authorities, and in such manner as are or is provided respecting the fame, by any Act or Acts in force in Ireland for that Purpose.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Person paying Cess to appear at any Assizes or Special Sessions, to be holden within each County in Ireland respectively, and to offer to controvert the Truth of any Accounting Affidavit then produced, on the Ground of the Insufficiency of the Execution of the Work, or the undue or Non Expenditure of the Money to which such Affidavit shall relate; provided that the Person offering so to controvert the Truth of such Affidavit as aforesaid, shall give Notice in Writing of his Intention so to do to the accounting Overseer, before the First Day of such Assizes or Sessions, and shall at the same time that he makes the Objection enter into a Recognisance before a Magistrate, in the Amount of the Sum so sworn to have been expended, conditioned for his Appearance at the next Assizes, or at the next General Sessions of the Peace (as the case may be), for such District in which said Presentment was granted; and it shall be lawful for the Court, at such Assizes or General Sessions (as the case may be), and they are hereby required to try the Truth of such Affidavit by a Jury, in the same manner as any Traverse within the Jurisdiction of such Court ought to be tried; and in case the Truth of such Fa<Sk or Fasts shall be found, the Accounting Affidavit shall be disallowed accordingly 5 and it shall not be lawful for the Clerks of the Crown or Clerks of the Peace, or any other Person, to take or receive upon such Traverse any Fee for or in respect of any such Traverse; and it shall be lawful for the Court, before such Trial shall be had, to give such Costs either to the Party controverting such Affidavit or to the accounting Overseer, as such Court shall in either Cases think fit and reasonable.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the Treasurer of the County to pay the Amount of any Presentment, the accounting for the Expenditure whereof shall be traversed, until the Traverse shall be withdrawn, or Judgment shall be given for the Defendant on the Trial thereof.

XX. And Whereas by an Act passed in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to amend the Laws respecting the accounting for Money presented in Ireland for the making, repairings widening or fencing of Public Roads, and the building and repairing of Bridges, Pipes or Gullets; it is enacted, that all Expenditure relating to any Presentment not accounted for at the Summer Assizes, may be accounted for at such General Sessions of the Peace to be held in October in every Year, as the Grand Jury at the Summer Assizes shall fix on; Be it enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for every Grand Jury, at every Summer Assizes, to appoint a Special Sessions to be held in manner prescribed by this Act, by Magistrates qualified according to the Directions of this Act, in the County Court House, in the Month of October subsequent to the General Sessions of the Peace in the said Month; and the Expenditure on such Presentments as shall not have been accounted for at the Summer Assizes, may be accounted for at such Special Sessions, before the Magistrates there present, in the Form and Manner under the Provisions and Regulations by this Act prescribed respecting the Mode of accounting at Special Sessions of the Peace for Money presented; and that the Account of any Person may be disputed and respited on Recognisance in like manner at such Special Sessions as is provided by the said recited Act to be done at the General Sessions of the Peace in October; and that it shall be lawful for the Treasurer of the County, and he is hereby required to pay all Money whereof the Account shall be approved of at such Sessions, and the Allowance thereof certified by the Attestation of the Chairman and of One other Magistrate, in like manner as if the Affidavit accounting for the fame had been allowed by the Grand Jury and the Court at an Assizes, in manner required by this Act; and the Queries on all such Presentments shall be respectively discharged or disallowed, or respited, in manner required and directed by the said recited Act, according to the Conditions, Restrictkwts and Provisions contained in the said recited Act.

XXI. And be it fbrther enacted, That whenever and so often as it shall happen that any Sum of Money heretofore presented, or hereafter to be presented, to be raised off any County, County of a City, County of a Town, or City and County, or any Barony or Half Barony, shall not be expended agreeable to such Pne-

feotment,

A.D. 1819. 59° GEORGII DLL

C. 84. 927

fentment, and accounted for within the Space of Two Years next after such Presentment shall have been made, it shall and may be lawful for the Grand Jury of such County, County of a City, County of a Town, or City and County, and they are hereby required, again to present such Sums of Money to be applied to other Purposes, and in like manner to present any Saving which may be made on any Presentment, to be expended upon some other Work within the Barony or Half Barony upon which the former Sum or such Saving was presented to be raised, or within the County, if raised on the County at large: Provided always, that where such Sums, .are prefen ted to be raised by Instalments for executing any Public Work, it shall not be imperative on the Grand Jury again to present such Sums for other Purposes in manner aforesaid.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That all Presentments made, or Money to be levied, accounted for or paid, under or in consequence of any Act or Acts in force in Ireland at any time before the passing of this Act, shall be levied, accounted for and paid in manner provided by the Acts in force at the time when such Presentments were made, or subject to the Rules, Regulations and Providons contained in the said Acts or in this Act respectively.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Grand Jury at any Assizes to present, to be raised off the County at large, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding the Rate of Five. Pounds for each Place wherein Special Semens shall have been holden previous to such Assizes for the Purposes of this Act, as an Allowance or Remuneration to the Secretary of the Grand Jury for his Attendance at such. Session8, and for his performing and executing the Duties required by this Act to be performed by him.

XXIV. Be it further enacted, That all Affidavits required from Contradors shall be submitted to and sworn before Magistrates at the Special Sessions under this Act; and no Applications shall be made for any Presentment for any Salary or Remuneration to any Person at any Assizes which might have been applied and presented for at any previous Assizes, unless the Person making such Application mall make an Affidavit, Rating some Reasons satisfactory to the Grand Jury why such Application was not made at such previous Assizes; and if it shall happen that any Application for any Salary or Remuneration shall be reiefted or refilled by any Grand Jury at any Assizes, on account of any Neglect or Misconduct in Office of the Party making such Application, it shall not be lawful for any Grand Jury, at any subsequent Assizes, to make any Presentment for any such Salary or Remuneration, in respect of any Period previous to the Assizes at which such Application was rejected or refuted.

XXV. And be it further enacted and declared, That the Oath taken by Grand Jurors in Ireland, in such Manner and Form as hath heretofore been practised according to Law, at the several Assizes in Ireland, shall not at anj time after the passing of this Act, extend or relate, or be construed or taken to extend or relate, to any 01 the Duties of Grand Jurors oonneded with Presentments for the Execution of Public Works.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, every Grand Juror, immediately after being sworn before the Judge of Assize, in such Manner and Form as hath heretofore been practised according to Law, at the several Assizes in Ireland, shall in open Court at such Assizes also take the Oath following: (that is to say),

counted for within Two Years, to be again presented for other Works within the Barony.

Presentments now made to be

accounted for under Acts in force.

Allowance to Secretary of Grand Jury.

Affidavits from Contractors sworn before Special Sessions.

Presentments for Salaries in certain Cases not allowed.

Grand Jurors present Oath not to extend to Presentments for public Works.

Oath of Grand Jurors.

c Y°U ft13! diligently inquire, on behalf of the County [or, County of the City, County of the Town, or

City and County] of and true Presentment make of all such Matters and Things as

shall be lawfully given to you in charge, or as shall come before you in anywise relating to the raising of any Money upon the said County [or, County of City, County of Town, or City and County] of

or upon any Barony, Half Barony or Parish therein, or relating to the Expenditure of any such Money; you shall not present nor allow nor disallow any Matter or Thing through Hatred, Malice

or 111 Will, nor through Fear, Favour or Affection. So held you GOD.'

And it shall and may be lawful for any Grand Juror to disclose any Evidence, or other Matter or Thing what- Grand Juror soever, relative to the making or refuiing of any such Presentment, or relative to the Expenditure of any Money "y disclose raised by Presentment. Evidence, &c.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall not be lawful for Treasurer of any Person who shall be Treasurer of the County, or Secretary of the Grand Jury, or Chief Constable, or County, &c. not Collector of any Barony, or Clerk of the Crown, or Clerk of the Peace, to serve upon the Grand Jury at any Gmnd^es. Assizes for the County, County of a City, County of a Town or City and County in Ireland, wherein he shall hold such Office; any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That every High Constable, or other Collector of Money levied High Const*-by Grand Jury Presentment, shall make a Return on the First Day of each Assizes to the Treasurer of the Wes and Col-County, containing a Schedule of the Names of the Townlands within the Barony for which he is Collector, Actors tomaka and of the Inhabitants within the same, who shall have been assessed towards the Payment of the County Cess Return9>

of the previous Assizes, and of the Sums respectively assessed on and paid by each Individual, and dating the

Arrears, if any, which shall be due by eateh Individual; and that on the Receipt of such Return by the to be laid before

Treasurer, the said Treasurer shall immediately lay the fame before the Grand Jury. Grand Jury.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That any Person who in any Affidavit, or in any Examination on Falsely swear-

Oath, required to be made or had udder this Act, shall swear falsely, shall be subject and liable to all such »ng Perjury.

Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures, as may be inffifted on wilful and corrupt Perjury by the Laws in force in

Ireland; and that in all Cases where an Oath or Affidavit is required or authorised to be administered or made by this Act, the Affirmation of the Party, if such Affirmation be received in a Court of Law in lieu of an Oath, shall be of equal Validity and Effect, and equally subject him to the Provision of this Act, as if he had taken or sworn an Affidavit under the Provision of this Act.

6 C 2 XXX. And

928 G.84*

59° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1819.

presentments may be made for prosecuting Delinquents for false Affidavits.

Applications and Accounts to be made on Stamps.

Amount of Stamps, Expences of Estimates, &c. may be added to Presentments.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where upon any Affidavit for supporting any Application for any Presentment, or for authenticating any Estimate, or other Matter or Thing relating to such Application, according to the Direction of this Act, or for accounting for Public Money, it shall appear to the Grand Jury that the Person or Persons making such Affidavits has or have been guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury, it shall and may be lawful for the Grand Jury to make such Presentment for defraying the Prosecution of such Delinquent, as to them may seem fitting and expedient.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That every Application or Account which shall be made and delivered under the Directions of this Act, shall be upon Paper stamped with the Stamp required by any Act or Acts in force relating to the Stamp Duties in Ireland, to be imposed upon an Affidavit or Affirmation for the purpose of grounding thereon any Presentment of any Grand Jury, or for raising Money for Repair of Roads, or any other Public Purpose, or for accounting for any Public Money, or discharging Queries on Preferments, according to the Amount of the Money required to be presented and raised or accounted for, for the Road or Work specified in any such Application, or in any such Account respectively.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for every Grand Jury to add to the Sum they shall present to be raised towards the Execution of any Work applied for pursuant to the Provisions of this Act, a Sum equal to the Amount of the Stamp Duty upon such Applications, and also upon the Affidavits which are to account for the fame, to be raised in like manner, and paid to the Person accounting, for his own Reimbursement and that of the Person or Persons who shall have made the Application; and also to present such reasonable Sums not exceeding what shall be Hated in the Estimate annexed to any Application respecting a new Road or any Work which shall be presented to be raised on the County at large, as they shall think proper, to pay the Expences incurred or to be incurred in procuring the Estimates, Specifications, Maps, Plans, Sections or Elevations required by this Act to be annexed to the Applications, and also for the Expences of the Persons signing such Maps, Plans, Sections or Elevations, in attending the Special Sessions, such Sum as the Justices at the same shall appoint and certify for such Attendance; all which Sums shall be levied in like manner as other Sums to be raised under Preferments shall be levied and paid to the Person or Persons accounting for the fame, in trust for the Person or Persons who shall severally have signed the Applications and such other Papers.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be appointed to act, nor shall he aft as a not to act under Supervisor under the Provisions of an Act passed in the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, 49 G. t. c. 84. intituled An Act for amending the Irish Road Acts, for any Part of any Road, for the Repair of which any

Money shall be granted by Presentment, until such Money shall be expended and accounted for.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That no Money which shall be expended after the passing of this Act, shall be paid by the County Treasurer to any such Supervisor, unless it shall be accounted for by the Deputy or Deputies, in the manner that all Money presented for the Repair of Roads is to be accounted for, except as to the Form of the Affidavit under this Act: Provided always, that such Supervisor shall first make Affidavit before a Magistrate, which any Magistrate is hereby empowered to take, that he has or had at the time of the Expenditure of such Money, a Freehold or Leasehold Estate [as the case may be] of not less than Five hundred Pounds yearly Value, flaring where such Estate is situate, and also that he has examined the Work, and that it is properly executed, to the best of his Judgment, and that he believes the Money has been fairly, properly and honestly expended; and that it shall be lawful for every Supervisor to remove any Person whom he shall appoint to be a Deputy, and to appoint another Person in his (lead, from time to time, and as often as he shall think proper.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That in case of the Death of any Supervisor, an Affidavit made to the I£xecu ^>urPort anc^ EfFedb, and in manner prescribed by any Act or Acts in force immediately before the passing of make*" Act, to be made by such Supervisor, by the Heir or Executor of such Supervisor, together with the

Certificate of a Magistrate, that he has viewed the Work, and that it is properly executed, to the best of his Judgment, and that he believes the Money sworn to by the Deputy or Deputies has been fairly, honestly and properly expended thereon, shall be of equal Effect for the purpose of such Account under this Act, as the Affidavit of the Supervisor wrould have been had he lived to make it.

XXXVI. And Whereas the usual and necessary Preferments for the Repair and Improvement of the ' Public Roads have not been made in several Counties in Ireland at the late Spring Assizes, and it must be*prejudicial to the Roads, and occasion great additional future Expence to the Counties, if the like Omission Presentments*should happen at the ensuing Summer Assizes Be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for* Grand Juries of the several Counties and Cities, Counties of Towns, and Cities and Counties in Ireland\ at the Summer Assizes which shall be holden in the present Year One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, to make, and for the Court to fiat Preferments for repairing any Road, repairing any Bridge, Gullet or Wall, in such Form and Manner, and under and subject to such Powers, Provisions and Regulations as are contained in the several Acts of Parliament for that Purpose, which were in force in Ireland at the Summer Assizes in the Year One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, in all Cases where Applications for or in respect of any such Presentments shall not have been made to the Magistrates, assembled at the Quarter Sessions holden in April One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, or at any other subsequent time previous to such Summer Assizes, or shall not have been considered by them and approved or diTapproved of; any thing in this Act or in any other Act to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XXXVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to mentot Monies limit the Authority of Grand Juries, in making any Presentment at any Assizes for the Repayment of any advanced by Monies advanced by Order of the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland\ pursuant to Powers vested in him by Law.

LleUte"aDt- XXXVIII. And

How levied.

Supervisors

until Money expended and accounted for.

Money not to be paid unless Expenditure accounted for.

Affidavit by Supervisor of his Qualification, &c. Supervisor may remove Deputy.

On Death of Supervisor, his Heir or - for may make Affidavits.

next Summer ▲nixes.

Grand Juries may present for Rqpay-

A.D. 1819. 59° GEORGII III. C. 84. 929

Houses, &c. to remain in force.

Affidavits for Presentments for County of Dublin to be

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed Provisions of

to extend, to affect or alter any Clauses, Powers or Provisions contained in any fjpecial Act or Acts of Par- Special Acta liament, relating particularly to the Erection or Maintenance of any Court House, Sessions House or County for Court House, or to any Gaol or Prison, in or for any County, or County of a City, or County of a Town in

Ireland.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An j8 G. 3. c. 67. Ad to provide for the more deliberate Invejligation of Preferments, to be made by Grand Juries for Roads and repealed*

Public Works in Ireland; and for accounting for Money raised by such Presentments, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be and the fame is hereby repealed, except lo far as relates to any Presentment to be

made at the Summer Assizes One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, grounded on Applications made pursuant to the said recited Act; and also except so far as the said Act repeals an Act, passed in the Fifty except as to the

seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to provide for the more deliberate Invejligation of Repeal thereby of

Presentments, to be made by Grand Juries for Roads and Public Works in Ireland; and for accounting for Money^ 107*

raised by such Presentments.

XL. And be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to Proviso far the County of Dublin, or to the County of the City of Dublin, except only so far as is herein after expressly the County and enacted and provided by this Act; and that nothing in this Act contained shall alter or repeal, or be construed £ity of Dublin, to alter or repeal, any special Ad relating to the manner of presenting or accounting in any other County, or c*

County of a City, or County of a Town in Ireland.

XLI. And Whereas by an Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Twenty sixth Year of the a6G. 3. (I.)

Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for making, widening and repairing Public Roads in the County of Dublin, and for repealing Parts offeveral Acts formerly made for that Purpose; it is enacted, that every

Affidavit to ground a Presentment, or to account for Work done, shall be lodged with the Secretary of the Grand Jury, Four Days at least before the First Sitting Day of each presenting Term: And Whereas it

would be of great Benefit and Advantage to the said County of Dublin, that the said Affidavits should be

lodged with the acting Secretary of the Grand Jury of the said County, so many Days previous to the First Sitting Day of each presenting Term, that Schedules of such Affidavits might be prepared and printed for Delivery to Magistrates and others previous to such Term Be it therefore enacted, That all Affidavits for Presentments for forming, levelling, fencing, draining, widening, making, repairing or otherwise improving any Road in the County of Dublin, and for the building, repairing or otherwise improving any Bridge,

Session House, Gaol or other Mason Work in the County, shall be lodged Thirty Days at the least before the First Sitting Day of each presenting Term, with the acting Secretary of the Grand Jury of the said County 5 Secretary of and such Secretary is hereby required to keep an Office open for the purpose, and forthwith, after the Receipt Grand Jury of such Affidavits, to cause Schedules of such Affidavits to be prepared and printed, and to be ready for in County of Delivery at his Office Twenty one clear Days before the First Sitting Day of each presenting Term, to such Dub^n» Magistrates and Landholders in the said County of Dublin as may apply for the lame 5 provided that the wh j*

Number so to be printed shall not exceed Fifty for each Barony in the said County of Dublin (the Baronies of Affidavits Saint Sepulchres and Donore excepted); and that the said Secretary shall. Fifteen Days before the First to be prepared Sitting Day of each presenting Term, deliver over the several Affidavits which shall have been so lodged with for delivery, him previous to each presenting Term, pursuant to this Act, to the Inspector of the Public Accounts of the and to deliver County of Dublin for the time being, or in his Absence to such Person as the said Inspector shall depute to Affidavits to receive the Affidavits from the said Secretary, for whom the said Inspector shall be answerable; and the said Inspector of Inspector shall personally attend at the Court of King's Bench on the First Sitting Day of each presenting Public Ac-Term, if not prevented by Sickness or unavoidable Accidents, and if so prevented, mall depute and lend in his count8>

Place a Person for whom he shall be so answerable, and shall then and there lay before the said Grand Jury his who is to re-Re port and Observations in Writing upon the several Affidavits and Accounts annexed thereto, which shall port to Grand have been so delivered over to him previous to such presenting Term by the said Secretary, or which shall have*ury*

been delivered over to such Person as he the said Inspector shall have deputed to receive the same pursuant to this Act.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Grand Jury of the said County Presentments of Dublin, and they are hereby authorised and required, at each presenting Term for the said County, to present such Sum or Sums as shall be necessary for defraying the Expences of preparing and printing the said Schedules: Provided always, that an Affidavit of the Printer, stating his Charge to be usual and reasonable, Pnnterthat be first laid before the said Grand Jury at such presenting Term; and that no such Presentment for the pre- Charge is resparing such Schedules and printing of such Copies shall be made, unless such printed Copies were ready for sonable. Delivery at the Office of the Secretary Twenty one clear Days before the First Sitting Day of the Term at Proviso, which such Presentment shall be applied for.

XLIII. And Whereas the Town and Liberties of Kinfale, in the County of Cork, are neither a Barony,

Half Barony, Part of a Barony, or a County of a Town, and therefore, under the Laws now in force, no Money can be raised by the Grand Jury of the County of Cork for the making or repairing Roads within such Liberties, to the great Inconvenience of the Inhabitants of said Town and Liberties* Be it enacted, That the said Town and Liberties of Kinfale shall be constituted an additional Barony of the County Kinsalecoo-of Cork, and that it shall be lawful for the Grand Jury of the said County, at every Assizes, to grant Present- stitutedanj ments as in the Case of other Baronies, and to present the Amount of the same to be raised and levied upon the ^dltion*L Town and Liberties of Kinfale as a Barony: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall be construed Cork*

to interfere with the Police Sessions or Privileges established by Charter in the said Town and Liberties of

Kinfale.

930 CL84- 59° GEORGII III. A.B.1819.

Proviso for XX.

IV. Provided always* and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be con-

Grand Jury ftrued to prevent any Grand Jury from presentinsr Money for building or coranletin? any Bridge, which shall

SCHEDULES to which this Act refers.

CONTENTS.

New Roads:

Form of Application for opening.

Form of Application for laying out.

Form of Accounting Affidavit.

Form of Application for forming, levelling and draining.

Form of Accounting Affidavit.

Form of Application for gravelling.

Form of Accounting Affidavit.

Form of Application for making Fences.

Form of Accounting Affidavit.

Repairing Roads: t> f Form of Application.

D' (Form of Accounting Affidavit.

Widening Roads:

p f Form of Application.

(Form of Accounting Affidavit.

Making or Repairing Footpaths: y, ( Form of Application.

(Form of Accounting Affidavit.

Lowering a Hill or filling a Hollow:

-n J Form of Application.

(Form of Accounting Affidavit.

Gravelling a Road over a Hill lowered or a Hollow filled: p n f Form of Application.

(Form of Accounting Affidavit.

Building, enlarging or repairing Session Houses, Court Houses, Workhouses, Houses of Correction, County Infirmaries,

Hospitals or other public Buildings:

F.l. Form of Application.

Building or repairing Bridges, Pipes, or Gullets, or Walls, or ereSing Fences:

F. 2. Form of Application.

Form of Accounting Affidavit, for F. 1. or F. 2.

Filling Drains or Trenches: p f Form of Application.

*ar# ( Form of Accounting Affidavit.

Filling Gripes:

tj CForm of Application.

# (Form of Accounting Affidavit.

EreSing Banks to defend Roads through Bogs from Drains on the Sides thereof: j { Form of Application.

( Form of Accounting Affidavit.

Making, widening or deepening Drains on the Sides of Roads through Bogs: jr f Form of Application.

# ( Form of Accounting Affidavit.

T I Eorm of Application for erecting Mile Stones or Finger Posts.

(Form of Accounting Affidavit for erecting Mile Stones or Finger Posts.

Note. — Every Application, Estimate, Specification, Map or Plan, Section and Elevation, to be annexed, mull be signed by the Persons making them respectively.

A. 1. A. 2.

A. 8.

A. 4.

A .5.

A.D. 1819. 59° GEOGUI III. C. 84* 93T

SCHEDULE A. i.

Form of Application for opening a New Road\

County of) A.B. of and C.D. of do certify", That in their

j Opinion it would be useful to open a new Road from to

between and, all in the Barony or Half Barony of

in this County, according to the Map* Plan and Se&ions annexed, made by E. F. whom they believe to be a competent Person for making the same, and to the Estimate annexed, which is m their Opinion fair and reasonable 5 and that a Duplicate of such Map, Plan and Section of such New Road made by him has been deposited with the Secretary to the Grand Jury on the Day of [being

at the least Days before the Day appointed for the Special Sessions to meet, preparatory

to the next Affixes]; and that a Notice, Setting forth that an Application is intended to be made at the next Assizes for a Presentment, to lay out a new Road from to

distinguishing the Several Townlands and Baronies or Half Baronies through which it is intended to be carried, with the Number of Perches it is to be made in Length through each Townland, has been personally Served upon or left at the House of each Occupier of the Land through which such new Road is intended to be made in this County, Days at least before the Day appointed for such Special Sessions; and that a like Notice

has been also posted upon the Door of the County Court House, of the same Day that the Said Map has been deposited with the Secretary of the Grand Jury of the County 5 and that no Part of such New Road is, to be made through any Deer Park or Field inclosed with a Wall built of Lime and Stone or Bricks Feet high or more, without the Consent of the Owner thereof; and no Part thereof is to be made through any House entirely built with Lime and Stone or Bricks, or through any Office or Orchard belonging to any Person inhabiting a House so built, without the Consent of such Person.

The Estimate must contain the total Expence attendant on the opening and finishing the new intended Road, and laying out, forming, levelling and gravelling the fame, and of building Bridges, Gullets or Support Walls, lowering Hills, or filling Hollows, to bring every Part of it to the Ascent or Descent proposed, and in making Fences to the fame 5 and it must state Separately for each Barony or Half Barony, the Expences which are Baronial, and those which are for the County at large.

The Specification must contain the Distance of the nearest Quarries fit for the Work, the Price of Lime, and the general Prices of Labourers, Masons, an assistant Bailiff, Carts, Drays, and Cars, by the Day, in the Neighbourhood.

The Map or Plan of the proposed Road must be made on a Scale not less than to a Mile;

it must include the present Road, if there be any such, in place of which the intended Road is to be made; and such Map or Plan, or the Section, must shew the Inclination of the Surface of the existing Road, and the proposed Inclination of the Surface of the intended Road, throughout the whole Length of each, and state the Difference between each in their Degrees of Inclination, and in the highest Ascent of each above the Base 5 it must also particularise each Hill proposed to be lowered, or Hollow to be filled, and the Height or Depth of the Ascent or Descent proposed to be altered on each such Hill or Hollow; all Rivers or Streams which such new Road is to cross, and which cross such existing Roads, must be marked, with a Separate Plan of every Bridge, and the Dimensions of every Arch or Arches, or Opens necessary for the Passage of the Waters through any Bridge or Gullet proposed to be built on tile intended Road; all Roads that the new intended Road is proposed to cross, or which cross the existing Road, must be marked, and the Plans of every Gullet or Pipe, or Wall, must state the Length, Breadth and Height thereof; and the Plans and Elevations of every' Bridge must contain a distinct Detail of all Masonry and Stonecutters Work proposed for such Gullet, Pipe, Wall or Bridge to be built on such new intended Road.

SCHEDULE A. 2.

Form of Application for laying out a new Road

County of 1 A.B. of and C. D> of do certify, That it will require the Sum

J of to lay out the new intended Road from

to between and, all in the Barony or Half Barony

of in this County, being at the Rate of (the Sum not to exceed per Perch)

by the Perch; and that the said Sum is a reasonable Charge, to the best of their Judgment and Belief.

Form of Accounting Affidavit for laying out a new Roady not exceeding

WHEREAS the Sum of was presented at

} to be expended in laying out

Road from to between and

or Half Barony of in this County: Now I

a Perch.

Assizes, in the Year Perches of the new intended, all in the Barony do swear, That I have

faithfully and honestly expended the Sum of in the Execution of the said Work,

and that the fame is executed pursuant to the said Presentment, to the best of my Judgment, and that every Part of the said Work was finished on the

93* C. 84* 59° GEORGII III. A.D. 1819.

SCHEDULE A. 3.

Form of Application for formings levelling and draining a new Road\

County of 1 A.B. of and C.D. of do certify, That it will require the Sum

J of to form, level and drain [as the case may be]

Perches of the new intended Road from to between

and, all in the Barony or Half Barony of, in this County,

Feet wide in the clear of all Ditches, Banks, Drains or Fences, being at the Rates of

by the Perch; and that the said Sum is a reasonable Charge, to the belt of their Judgment and Belief.

Form of Accounting Affidavit for forming, levelling and draining a new Road.

WHEREAS the Sum of was presented at Affixes, in the

J Year to be expended in forming, levelling or draining [as the case may beJ

Perches of the new intended Road from to between and

all in the Barony or Half Barony of in this County, Feet wide

in the clear of all Ditches, Banks, Drains or Fences: Now I do swear, That I have

faithfully and honestly expended the Sum of in forming, levelling or draining

[as the case may be] Perches of the said Road, and that every Part of the said

Perches is Feet in the clear between the Ditches, Banks, Drains or Fences, and is level

throughout the Whole of the said Width; and that there is not adjoining to either Side of the Road so formed, levelled and drained, any Gripe to such Trench or Drain, without a Wall or other sufficient Fence between it and the Side of the Road; and that the annexed Account is true in every Part, and contains the Whole of the Expenditure of the said Sum of and that every Part of the said Work was

finished on the Day of

County of 1 ji, jft. of

3 of

from to

or Half Barony of Drains and Fences, and

SCHEDULE A. 4.

Form of Application for gravelling a new Road.

and C.D. of do certify, That it will require the Sum

to make Perches of the new intended Road

between and, all in the Barony-

in this County, Feet wide in the clear of all Ditches, Banks,

Feet wide at the least, with Gravel or small Stones, being at the Rate of by the Perch, according to the Specification annexed; and that the said Sum is a

reasonable Charge, to the bed of their Judgment and Belief.

The Specification mud contain a Description of the Materials proposed to be used in making the Road, whether Gravel or Quarry Stones, or Field Stones broken, and the general Price of Labourers and Quarrymen, and of a working Bailiff, and of Carts, Drays and Cars, by the Day, in the Neighbourhood.

Form of Accounting Affidavit for gravelling a new Road.

WHEREAS the Sum of was presented at Assizes in the

j Year to be expended in making Perches of the new intended

Road from to between and, all in the Barony

or Half Barony of in this County, Feet wide in the clear of all Ditches,

Banks or Fences, and Feet wide at the lead, with Gravel or small Stones: Now I

do swear, That I have faithfully and honedly expended the Sum of in making Perches of the said Road, and that every Part of the said Perches is

Feet wide in the clear between the Ditches, Banks, Drains or Fences, and is safe and level throughout the Whole of the said Width for Carriages to pass and repass on, and that Feet at the lead of the said Width is made with Gravel or small Stones; and that the Backs of every Ditch, Bank or Fence thereto, to which there is a Gripe, is turned to the Road, and the Gripe to the Field Side; and that the annexed Account is true in every Part, and contains the Whole of the Expenditure of the said Sum of; and that every Part of the said Wrork was finiftied on the Day of

SCHEDULE A. 5.

Form of Application for making Fences to new Roads.

County of\ A* B. of and C.D. of do certify, That it will require

J the Sum of to make Perches of Fences on each Side of the new intended Road from to between and,

all in the Barony or Half Barony of in this County, being at the Rate of (the Sum not to

exceed One Shilling and Sixpence per Perch) by the Perch, and that the said Sum is a reasonable

Charge, to the best of their Judgment and Belief.

No Specification or other Paper is required to be annexed.

Form

A.D. 1819. 59° GEORGII III. C. 84.

Form of Accounting Affidavit for making Fences to new Roads.

WHEREAS the Sum of was presented at Assizes in the Year

j to be expended in making Perches of Fences on each Side of the new intended Road from to between and',

all in the Barony or Half Barony of in this County: Now I do swear.

That I have faithfully expended the Sum of in the Execution of the said Presentment, and

Perches of Fences are well and effectually made pursuant thereto, and the Bank Side thereof is turned to the Road, and that the said Work was finiftied on the Day of

SCHEDULE B.

Form of Application for the Repair of Roads

County of I A.B. of and C.D. of do certify, That they have lately

j measured Perches of the Road from to between

and and that all the said Perches are in the Townland of

Sor, that Perches thereof are in the Townland of and Perches

lereof are in the Townland of [as the case may be-\ distinguishing the several Townlands

through which the Road is intended to be repaired in each Townland] fill in the Barony or Half Barony of in this County; and that it wul require the Sum of to repair the said

Perches Feet wide in the clear of the Ditches, Banks, Drains or Fences, and

Feet wide, with Gravel or small Stones, being at the Rate of by the Perch, according to the

Specification annexed, which they verily believe is the least the said Perches can be effectually repaired for.

The Specification muff contain a Description of the Materials proposed to be used in repairing the Road, whether Gravel or Quarry Stones, or Field Stones broken, and the general Price of Labourers ind Quarry-men, and a Working Bailiff, and of Carts, Drays and Cars by the Day in the Neighbourhood.

No Map, Plan or Section is required.

Form of Accounting Affidavit for the Repair of Roads.

WHEREAS the Sum of was presented at Assizes, in the Year

J to be expended in repairing Perches of the Road from

to between and, all in the Barony or Half Barony of

in this County, Feet wide in the clear of the Ditches, Banks, Drains or

Fences, and Feet wide, with Gravel or small Stones, at the Rate of by the

Perch: Now I do swear, That I have faithfully and honestly expended the Sum of

in repairing Perches of the said Road 5 and that every Part of the said

Perches is Feet wide at the least, in the clear of all Ditches, Banks, Drains

or Fences, and that it is safe and level throughout the Whole of the said Width for Carriages to pass and repass on; and that Feet wiae at the least of the said Width is made with Gravel or small

Stones; and that there is a sufficient Passage on each Side of the said Road to prevent the Water from injuring the fame; and that the annexed Account is true in every Part, and contains the Whole of the Expenditure of the said Sum of; and that every Part of the said Work was finiftied on the Day

of; but if any Part of the Road passes through a Trad of Bog, the Words

following may be inserted after the Words, pass and repass on, " except Perches thereof

which pass through a Tract of Bog."

SCHEDULE C.

Form of Application for widening Roads.

County of \ A.B. of and C.D. of do certify, That they have lately

J viewed and measured Perches of the Road from to

between and, all in the Barony or Half Barony of in this

County; and that no Part of the fame is Feet wide in the clear within the Ditches, Banks,

Drains or Fences; and that it will require the Sum of to widen the fame, so as to make

them Feet wide in the clear, and safe and level throughout the Whole of the said Width for

Carriages to pass and repass on, being at the Rate of by the Perch, which they verily believe

to be a reasonable Charge, according to the Specification and Plan hereunto annexed, and the least the said Work can be effectually done for.

In cale new Fences shall be necessary, instead of any to be taken down or destroyed, the Words following shall be added after the Words repass on, " and to make new Fences instead of those which shall be taken u down or destroyed, in order to widen the fame."

The Specification is to contain the general Price of Labourers, of a Working Bailiff, and of Carts, Drays, and Cars, by the Day in the Neighbourhood.

59 Geo. III. 6 D The

933

99-t C. 84.

59° GEORGII IU.

A.D. 1819.

The Plan is to delineate the present Breadth of the Road, and the Breadth to which it is to be widened, marking didin&ly the Side* of the Road on which the Widening is proposed to take place, and it is to be of a sufficient Scale to shew the fame didin&ly.

Form of Accounting Affidavit for widening Roads.

WHEREAS the Sum of was presented at Assizes in the Year

J to be expended in widening and making Eences to [as tie case may be]

Perches of the Road from to between and,

all in the Barony or Half Barony of in the County of to the Width

of Feet in the clear: Now I do swear, That I have faithfully and honestly

expended the Sum of in widening and making Fences to [as the case may be]

Perches of the said Road, and that every Part of the said Perches is now effectually widened

to the Width aforesaid, and is safe and level throughout the Whole of the said Width, and every Part thereof, for Carriages to pass and repass on; and that the Back of every Part of said Fence, where there is a Gripe thereto, is turned to the Road, and the Gripe to the Field Side; and that the annexed Account is true in every Part, and contains the Whole of the Expenditure of the said Sum of; and that every Part of the said Work was finifticd on the Day of; but if any Part of the Road

pases through a Trad of Bog, the Words failowing may be in fated after the Words pass and repass on, except Perches thereof, which paw through a Trad of Bog."

SCHEDULE D.

Form of Application for making or repairing Footpaths.

County of) A.B. of t and C.D. of do certify, That the Stun

J of is necessary to make [or, repair, as the case may be]

Perches of a Footpath on the Road or new intended Road [or, within the Side of the Ditch along the Side of such Road, as the ccfe may be] from to between

and, all in the Barony or Half Barony of in this County, being at the

Rate of [the Sum not to exceed per Perch, for making and for repair-

ing] _ by the Perch; and that the said Sum is a fair and reasonable Charge, to the bell of our

Judgment, according to the Specification annexed.

The Specification is to Rate the Materials proposed to be used, and how much of the Footpath is to be new formed or raised [or widened, as the case may be.]

Form of Accounting Affidavit for making or repairing a Footpath.

WHEREAS the Sum of was presented at Assizes, in

J the Year to be expended in making or repairing [as the case may be]

Perches of a Footpath on the Road or new intended Road [within the Side of the Ditch along the Side of such Road, as the case may he'] from to between and

all in die Barony or Half Barony of in this County: Now I

do swear, That have faithfully and honestly expended the Sum of in making

or repairing [at the case may be] Perches of a Footpath on the said Road, and that the annexed

Account is true in every Part, and contains the Whole of the Expenditure of the said Sum of; and that every Part of the said Work was finished on the Day of

SCHEDULE E. 1.

Form of Application for lowering a Hill or filing a Hollow, or both, as the case may be.

County of) A.B. of and C. Z>. of do certify, That they have lately viewed

J a Hill or Hollow, [or both, as the case may be] in the Townland of in this

County, on the Road from the Market Town of to the Market Town of, and they are of opinion that it would contribute to die Ease and Convenience of Carriages travelling the fad Road to lower such Hill, or fill up such Hollow [or both, as the case may be]; and that the said Road cannot, in their Opinion, he conveniently changed to avoid such Hill or Hollow [as the case may be] without incurring a greater Expence, or canfing a considerable Increase of Length in the said Road; and that they have earned E. F», whom they believe to be a competent Person (kitted in such Work, to make the Map and Section thereof hereto annexed, and to edimate and make a Specification of the fame; and that, in their Opinion, his Estimate and Specification are fair and reasonable, and his Plan and Section proper.

The Estimate is to date the Sum required, and the Number of Cubic Yards to be moved, and the Price per .Cubic Yard.

The Specification is to date the Nature of Subdance, whether Clay, Mold, Sand, found or rotten Stone or Gravel, which is to be moved, and to or from what average Didance 5 whether the fame wffl afford found Materials for grtrvc^ttng or flonang the Parts of the Road which shall be lowered or filled, and the general Price of Labour, and of a working or aflidant Bailiff, and of Carts, Drays or Cars, in the Neighbourhood.

The

A.D. 18*9. 59° GEORGII III. £.84.

The Plan and Section mull shew the Length of the Road which is to be lowered or filled, the Inclination of the present Surface* and of the future proposed Surface, and the Amount of perpendicular Ascent or Descent proposed to be saved, and the Breadth that is proposed for the Road to be of when lowered or filled.

Form of Accounting Affidavit for lowering a HiU or filling a Hollow, or both*

WHEREAS the Sum of was presented at Assizes, in the Year

J to be expended in lowering a Hill or filling a Hollow [or both, as the case may

be] in the Townland of in this County, on the Road from the Market Town of

to the Market Town of: Now I x do swear, That I have faithfully andhonestly

expended the Sum of in executing the said Work, and that the fame is done pursuant to the said Presentment; and that the annexed Account is true in every Part, and contains the Whole of the Expenditure of the said Sum of; and that every Part of the said Work was finiftiod on the Day of

SCHEDULE E. 2.

Form of Application for gravelling a Road over a HiU lowered, or a Hollow filed.

County of \A.B. of and C.D. of do certify, That they have viewed

3 a Hill or Hollow [or both, as the case may be] in the Townland of in the

Barony or Half Barony of on the Road from the Market Town of to the

Market Town of all in this County; and they are of Opinion that if the said Hill is fufli-

ciently lowered [or, the said Hollow fuffidently filled, or both, as the case may be] it will require the Sum of to make with Gravel or Small Stones Feet wide

Perches of the said Road an the said Hill, when lowered [or, the said Hollow when filled, or both, as the case may be] being at the Rate of by the Perch, according to the Specification annexed; and that

said Sum is a reasonable Charge, and that the Work cannot be effectually executed for a smaller Sum, to the best of their Judgment,

Form of Accounting Affidavit fir gravelling a Road over a HiU lowered, or a Hollow filed.

WHEREAS the Sum of was presented at Assizes* in the

J Year to be expended in making Perches of the Road from the Market Town of to the Market Town of on the HiU which has been

lately lowered, or the Hollow which has been lately filled [or both, as the case may be] in the Townland of and Barony or Half Barony of in this County Feet wide in the

dear of the Ditches, Banks, Drains or Fences, and Feet wide, with Gravel or

small Stones, at the Rate of by the Perch: Now I do swear, That I

have faithfully and honestly expended the Sum of in making Perches of the said Road, and that every Part of the said Perches is Feet wide at the

least, in the clear of all Ditches, Banks, Drains or Fences, and that it is Case and level throughout the Whole of the said Width for Carriages to pass and repass on, and that Feet wide at the least of the said Width is made with Gravel or small Stones, and that there is a sufficient Passage on each Side of the said Road to prevent the Water from injuring the fame; and that the annexed Account is true in every Part, and contains the Whole of the Expenditure of the said Sum of % and that every Part of the said Work

was finished on the Day of

SS5

SCHEDULE F. i.

Form of Application for building, enlarging or repcuring any Session House or Court House, Workhouse, House of Correction, County Infirmary, Hospital or other public Building.

County of 1 A.B. of and C.D. of do certify, That it will require the

J Sum of to build, enlarge or repair the Session House, Court House, Workhouse,

House of Correction, Infirmary, Hospital, or other public Building [or the case may be] at in this County, and that the said Sum is a reasonable Charge, and that the said Work cannot, to the best of their Judgment, be effectually executed for a smaller Sum, according to the Estimate, Specification, Plan, Elevation and Section annexed.

The Estimate mull contain a full Detail of the Particulars of the Works proposed to be executed, with the Prices by Measurement or otherwise, of each Particular.

The Specification must contain the general Price of Labourers, Masons and other Tradesrnen or Artificers, and Bailiffs, necessary to be employed on the Work, and of hired Carts, Drays or Cars* by the Day in the Neighbourhood.

The Plan, Section and Elevation* must explain satisfactorily, and in a workmanlike Manner, the whole Work proposed in all its Parts.

And must also contain a Ground Plan of the Work proposed to be executed, and a Drawing of every Part of the Work.

6 D 2 No

93«

C. 84..59° GEORGII II1. A.D. 1819.

No Drawing of an Elevation is necessary where the Sum required does not exceed Forty Pounds, or is solely for Repairs.

Note. — If the Sum required in any such Application shall exceed the Sum of Forty Pounds, a Certificate of the Foreman of the Grand Jury, indorsed on the Application, and setting forth that such Application, together with the Estimates, Specifications, Plans or Maps, and Elevations required to be annexed thereto, had been laid before the Grand Jury, and read or exhibited to them at the Assizes next immediately preceding any Special Session to be held under this Act, shall be necessary to authorise the Magistrates assembled at such Sessions to receive such Application, or take it into Consideration, under the Provisions of this Act.

SCHEDULE F. 2.

Form of Application for building or repairing Bridges, Pipes or Gullets, or Walls, or ereBing Fences for the

Protection of Travellers.

County of 1 A.B. of and C.D. of do certify. That it

J will require the Sum of to build, enlarge or repair a Bridge, Pipe

or Gullet, or to build a Wall, or Part of a Wall, necessary for the Support of the Road, or for preventing any deep Bank of Earth from falling on the Road, or for erecting any Fence, Railing or Wall, for the Protection of Travellers from dangerous Precipices or Holes, lying on the Side of any public Road [as the case may bc-] on the Road or new intended Road [ax the case may be\ from to between and

in the Townland or Townlands of in this County; that the said Sum is a reasonable

Charge, and that the said Work cannot, to the bed of their Judgment, be effectually executed for a {mailer Sum, according to the Plan, Edimate and Elevation annexed.

The Edimate mud contain a full Detail of the Particulars of the Work proposed to be executed, with the Prices by Measurement or otherwise, of each Particular.

The Specification mud contain the general Price of Labourers, Masons, and any other Tradesmen or Artificers, and Bailiffs, necessary to be employed on the Work, and of hired Carts, Drays or Cars, by the Day, in the Neighbourhood.

The Plan mult contain a Ground Plan of the Work proposed to be executed, a Drawing of the Elevation thereof, and Specify particularly the Parts proposed to be built with cut or hammered Stone, or Common Masonry. No Plan is necessary where the Application is for Repair only.

No Drawing of the Elevation is necessary where the Sum required is solely for Repairs, or where it does not exceed the Sum of Ten Pounds.

Note. — If the Sum required for building in any such Application shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, a Certificate of the Foreman of the Grand Jury, indorsed on the Application, and setting forth that such Application, together with the Edimates, Specifications, Plans or Maps, and Elevations required to be annexed thereto, have been laid before the Grand Jury, and read or exhibited to them at the Assizes next immediately preceding any Special Session to be held under this Act, shall be necessary to authorise the Magistrates assembled at such Sessions to receive such Application, or take it into Consideration, under the Provisions of this Act.

Applicable to Schedule F. 1. or F. 2.

Form of Accounting Affidavit for building, enlarging or repairing any Session House, Court Housey Workhouse9 House of CorrcBion9 County Infirmary, Hospital or other Public Building, or building or repairing Bridges, Pipes or Gullets, or Wallsy or ereBing Fences for the Protection of Travellert.

WHEREAS the Sum of was presented at Assizes in

J the Year to be expended in [fate the Particulars as fated in the Presentmeni-\ at

in this County, or on the Road or new intended Road [as the case may be'] from to between and

in the Townland or Townlands of in this County [as the case may be]: Now I

do swear, That I have faithfully and honedly expended the Sum of in executing the said Work, and that the fame is done pursuant to the said Presentment, and that the annexed .Account is true in every Part, and contains the Whole of the Expenditure of the said Sum of and that every Part of the said Work was finished on the Day of

SCHEDULE G.

Form of Application for Preferments to fill Drains or Trenches on the Sides of Roads.

County of 1 A.B. of and C.D. of do certify, That they have

3 measured Perches of the Road from to

between and, all in the Barony or Half Barony of

in this County; and that Perches of the Drains or Trenches of the Fences thereto

immediately adjoin the said Road, without any Back or Bank between them and the Road; and it will require the Sum of to fill up the fame, and make a sufficient Fence with the Trench or Drain

on the Field Side thereof, being at the Rate of by the Perch; and that the said Sum

is a reasonable Charge to the befl of their Judgment.

Form

A.D. 1819. 59 GEORGII III. C. 84.

Form of Accounting Affidavit for filing Drains or Trenches on the Sides of Roads.

WHEREAS the Sum of was presented at Assizes,

J in the Year to be expended in filling Perches of Drains

or Trenches of the Road from to between

and, all in the Barony or Half Barony of in this County: Now I

do swear, That I have faithfully and honestly expended the Sum of in executing the said Work, pursuant to the said Presentment, and that every Part of the fame was finished on the Day of

SCHEDULE H.

County of 1 A.B. of

J Of

to

Barony of

Specification annexed.

Form of Application for filing Gripes.

and C.D. of do certify, That it will require the Sum

to fill Perches of Gripes of Ditches on the Side of the Road from

between and, all in the Barony or Half

in this County, and that the said Sum is a reasonable Charge, according to the

The Specification is to ft ate the Gripes, and as near as may be the Number of Cubic Yards requisite to fill the fame, and the average Breadth and Depth thereof, and the greatest Breadth and Depth in any Part thereof, and the Distance of the broadest or deepest Part of the Gripes from the gravelled Part of the Road.

Form of Accounting Affidavit for filing Gripes.

WHEREAS the Sum of was presented at Assizes, in the

j Year to be expended in filling Perches of Gripes of Ditches

on the Siae of the Road from to between and,

all in the Barony or Half Barony of in this County: Now I do swear, That

I have faithfully and honestly expended the Sum of in the Execution of the Work for which the fame was presented, and that the fame is effectually executed, and that the said Work was finished on the Day of

SCHEDULE I.

Form of Application for eroding a Bank of Earth to defend the Road through a Bog from the Drains on the

Side thereof

County of) A.B. of and C.D. of do certify, That they have lately viewed

J and measured Perches of the Rbad from to between

and, all in the Barony or Half Barony of in this County;

and that there are no Banks of Earth or Backs of a Ditch, or other Fences, to defend them, the said Perches, run through a Bog, from the Drains on the Side or Sides thereof 5 and that it will require the Sum of to erect sufficient Banks of Earth to defend the Road from the said Drains, being at the

Rate of [this Sum is not to exceed the Rate of Two Shillings by the Perch] by the Perch, which they verily believe is the least the said Work can be effectually executed for.

WHEREAS the Sum of was presented at Assizes, in the

j Year to be expended in erecting Perches of Banks of Earth to

defend Perches of the Road from to between

and which run through a Bog, from the Drains on the Side or Sides thereof, all in the

Barony or Half Barony of in this County, being at the Rate of by the

Perch: Now I do swear. That I have faithfully and honestly expended the Sum of

pursuant to said Presentment, and that the Work is effectually executed, and that it was finiftied on the Day of

SCHEDULE K.

Form of Application to make, widen or deepen Drains on the Side of a Road, through a Bog

County of) A.B. of and C. Z>. of do certify, That it will require the Sum

j of to make, widen or deepen [as the case may be-\ Perches of Drains on the Side of the Road, which is made through a Bog, from to between

and, all in the Barony or Half Barony of in this County, and for carrying

off the Water therefrom, being at the Rate of by the Perch [the Sum not to exceed One Shilling

per Perch]; and that the said Sum is a reasonable Charge, and the said Work is necessary, and cannot be effectually executed for a smaller Sum, to the best of their Judgment.

Form

93»

C.&4' 85- 59° GEORGII HL A.D. 1819.

Form of Accounting Affidavit to make, widen or deepen Drains on the Side of a Road, through a Bog.

WHEREAS the Sum of was presented at Assizes,

J Year to be expended in making, widening or deepening [as the case may he-\

Perches of Drains on the Side of the Road, which is made through a Bog, from to between and, all in the Barony or Half Baron j

of in this County: Now I do swear, That I have faithfully and honestly

expended the Sum of in Execution of the said Presentment, and that the said Drains are effec-

tually made, deepened or widened [as the case may be*], and that the Water is effectually carried off from the Road, and that said Work was finished on the Day of

SCHEDULE L.

Form of Application for ereSing Mile Stones or Finger Pojls.

County of 1 A* B. of does certify. That it will require the Sum of to erect

J Mile Stones or Finger Polls [as the case may be-] being at the Rate of

for each Mile Stone or Finger Poll, on the Road leading from to; and that

all said Mile Stones are to beerested in the Barony or Half Barony of; and that said Sum

is a reasonable Charge, according to the bell of his Judgment.

Note. — It shall not be lawful for any Grand Jury to present a larger Sum than Twenty Shillings for each Mile Stone, or Thirty Shillings for each Finger Pott.

Form of Accounting Affidavit for ereSing Mile Stones or Finger Pojls.

WHEREAS the Sum of was presented at the Ailizes, in the

j Year to be expended in erecting Mile Stones or Finger Potts

[as the case may be-\ being at the Rate of for each Mile Stone or Finger Pott, on tLe Road

leading from to; all which Mile Stones or Finger Potts were to be erected in

the Barony or Half Barony of Now I do swear. That I have faithfully and

honestly expended the Sum of in the Execution of the Work for which the fame was presented,

and that the Work is effectually executed, and was finished on the Day of

58 G. 3. c. 69.

Persons rated to the Poor, though not Parishioners, may vote in Vestry according to the Value of the Premises rated.

Clerk or Agent of Corporation, &c. may vote in Vestry according to the Value of the Premises rated.

58 G. 3. c. 69. 5 J-

Nonpayment of Rates to disqualify from being present or voting in Vestry.

CAP. LXXXV.

An Act to amend and correct an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for the Regulation of Parish Ve(tries in England., [7th July 1819.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for the Regulation of ( W Parish Vejlriesy and it is expedient to amend the fame Be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, any Person who shall be atteffed and rated for the Relief of the Poor in respect of any annual Rent, Profit or Value arising from any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments tttuate in any Parish, in which any Vestry shall be holden under the said recited Act, although such Person shall not reside in or be an Inhabitant of such Parish, shall and may lawfully be present at such Vestry, and such Person shall have and be entitled to give such and so many Vote or Votes at such Vestry, in respect of the Amount of such Rent, Profit or Value, as by the said Act, any Inhabitant of such Parish present at such Vestry might or ought to have and be entitled to give in respect of such Amount, and to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Person were an Inhabitant of such Parish; any thing in the said recited Act to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any Corporation or Body Politic or Corporate or Company shall be charged to the Rate for the Relief of the Poor of such Parish, either in the Name of such Corporation or of any Officer of the said Corporation, it shall and may be lawful for the Clerk, Secretary, Steward or other Agent duly authorised for that Purpose of such Corporation or Body Politic or Corporate or Company, to be present at any Vestry to be holden in the said Parish under the said recited Act; and such Clerk, Secretary, Steward or Agent, shall be entitled to give such. and so many Vote or Votes at such Vestry, in respect of the Amount of the Rent, Profit or Value of such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, as by the said Act any Inhabitant atteffed to such Rate present at such Vestry might or ought to have and be entitled to in respect of such Amount; any thing in the said recited Act to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

III. And Whereas by the said Act it was intended to be enacted that no Person should be present at or

vote at any Vestry who mould have refused to pay any Assessment that had become due and had been demanded

of such Person, but the Word*and9was by Mistake so inserted in the said Act, as to make the fame in ' that respect ambiguousNow, to rectify such Mistake, be it further enacted, That no Person who shall have refused or negTefted to pay any Rate for the Relief of the Poor which shall be due from and shall have been demanded of mm, shall be entitled to vote or to be present in any Vestry of the Parish for which such Rate shall have been made, until he shall have paid the fame; nor shall any such Clerk, Secretary, Steward or Agent, be entitled to be present or to vote, nor shall be present or vote, at any Vestry in such Parish, unless all Rates for the Relief or the Poor, which shall have been atteffed and charged upon or in respect of the annual

Rent,

A.D. 1829. 59 GEORGII III. C. 85, 86. 959

Rent, Profit or Value, in right of which any such Ckrk, Secretary, Steward or Agent frail claim to be prefect and vote, which frail be due, and which frail hare been demanded at any time before the Meeting of such Vestry, frail have been paid and satisfied.

CAP. LXXXVI.

An Act for regulating the Exercise of the Right of Common of Pasture in the New Forest, in the County of Southampton; for repealing certain Parts of Two Acts passed in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth and the Fifty second Tears of His present Majesty; and for the better CdkSion and Recovery of the Gale Rents in the Forest of Dean, in the County of Glouctjler.

[7th July 2819.]

WHEREAS considerable Inconvenience and Injury is sustained, and much Damage done to the young c y, timber and to the Herbage in the New Forest) in the County of Southampton) by Persons not having Rights of Common in the said Forest turning Horses, Cattle, and other Beads to depasture in the said Forest, and by other Persons having Rights of Common, on the said Fore It suffering their Horses, Cattle and other Beads to remain thereon during the Winter Season or Hayning time, contrary to Daw % and it is expedient that additional Remedies ihoold be provided to prevent such Damage and Injury: And Whereas an Act

was passed in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for the better Pre- & 40 G. 3.

servation of Timber in the New Fored, in the County of Southampton, and for ascertaining the Boundaries of the c. 86.

said Forest and of the Lands of the Crown within the same: And Whereas an Act was passed in the Fifty^g. 3. c.i6i#

second Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for enabling His Majesty to grant Leafu under certain

Circumstances, and for the better carrying into JZffeS the Provisions of an Act passed in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Year of His present Majesty, touching the Formation of a Map of the New Fored, is the County of Southampton, and continuing and extending other Provisions of the said Act; for further appropriating the Monies artfen or to arise from the Sale of certain Crown Lands under the Authority of divers A3s af Parliament; and for annexing certain Lands within the Forest of Rockingham to His Majesty's Manor cf King's Cliffe 5 and for enabling the Commissioners of the Treasuryto appropriate small Portions of Land for Ecclfiastical Purposes: And Whereas it is expedient to repeal so much of the said Acts as subjects the Regarders, Under Foresters, Under Keepers,

4 or other Officers of the said Forests, to Forfeiture and Deprivation of their Offices for the Offences in the said Aft8 mentioned: And Whereas it is necessary to provide for the better Collection and Recovery of the annual Competitions usually called Gale Rents or Gawle Rents, now due and in Arrear, or which may hereafter become due to His Majesty, in His Majesty's Fored of Dean9 in the County of Gloucester: ' May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act it Officers of the frail and may be lawful for any Regarder, Groom Keeper, Forester, Under Forester, or other Officer of the New Forest New Forest, in the County of Southampton* to seize any Horse, Mare or Gelding, or any other Cattle or Bead empowwwl belonging to any Person or Persons not having or being entitled to Rights of Common of Pasture on the said Forest, found depaduring thereon at any time of the Year 5 and also to take and seize any Horse, Male or depasturing Gelding, or any other Cattle or Bead belonging to any Person or Persons having and being entitled to Right thereon, of Common of Pasture on the said Forest, which shall be found depaduring therein during the Winter Season'or Hayning time; (that is to say), between the Twenty third Day of November and the Fourth Day of May yearly, and every such Horse, Mare or Gelding, or other Bead so seized, to impound in New Park or such other Place within the said Forest as the Verderors thereof or any Two of them frail from time to time appoint, and every such Horse, Mare, Gelding or other Bead to keep impounded until redeemed by the Owner or Owners thereof, on Payment of the Penalties herein after imposed, and of the Expences (if any) incurred in the Keep of the said Horse, Mare, Gelding or other Bead.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Owner or Owners of every Horse, Mare, Gelding or other Bead PenaltiMfcr so seized and impounded, shall forfeit and pay the several Penalties following; (that is to say, ) OtBmeman

Every Person not having or being entitled to Right of Common of Pasture on the said Forest, who frail having Right be convicted before the Verderors of the said Forest, or any Two of them, or in the Court of Attachments of Common, of the said Forest, of turning out or suffering to depasture in the said Forest at any time in the Year, any Horse, Mare, Gelding or other Beast of which such Person frail be the Owner, the Sum of Ten Shillings First Offence, for each Horse, Mare, Gelding or other Beast so turned out or found depasturing, and the Sum of Sixpence for each Day such Horse, Mare, Gelding or other Beast frail be unredeemed by such Person after the fame frail be seized and impounded 5 and if such Person frail be convicted a Second time of turning out or suffering Second Offence, to depasture in the said Forest at any time of the Year, the fame or any other Horse, Mare, Gelding or other Beast of which such Person frail be the Owner, the Sum of Twenty Shillings for each Horse, Mare or Gelding, or other Beast so turned out or differed to depasture, and the Sum of Sixpence for each Day such Horse,

Mare, Gelding or other Beast frail be unredeemed by such Person after the fame frail be seized and impounded;

and if Inch Person frail be convicted a Third time, or any subsequent time, of a like Offence, such Person Third Offence.

shall forfeit andpay for each Horse, Mare, Gelding or other Beast so turned out or found depasturing, the Sum of Thirty Shillings, and the further Sum of Sixpence for each Day the fame frail be unredeemed:

And every Person having or being entitled to Right of Common of Pasture in the fad Forest, who frail be On Persons convicted before the Verderors of the said Forest, or any Two of them, ortn the Court of Attachments of the having Right said Forest, of turning out or suffering to depasture in the said Forest, 'during the Winter Season or Hayning of Common, time hereinbefore speoitied, any Horse, Mare, Gelding or other Beast of whiaPfuch Person frail be the Owner, the Sum of Seven Shillings for each Horse, Mare, Gelding or other Beast so turned out or found depasturing First Offence.

in

940

Second Offence.

Third Ofienoe.

Penalties how to be recovered.

If Produce of Sale of Beast not sufficient, then Distress on Offender's Goods.

Owners of Beasts, on paying Penalty, &c. may have Beasts returned.

Application of Penalties.

Proviso for Laws of the Forest relating to Rights of Common.

39 & 40 G. 3. c. 86. §13.

5» G. 3. c. 161. §14. repealed.

But Verderon may fine Re-gaiders. Under Foresters, &c. for Misconduct.

Officers herein named may distrain for Gale Rents or Gawle Rents, due to His Majesty.

G. 86. 59° GEORGII III. A.D. 1819.

in the said Forest, and the Sum of Sixpence for each Day such Horse, Mare, Gelding or other Beast shall be unredeemed by such Person, after the same shall be seized and impounded; and if such Person shall be convicted a Second time of turning out or suffering to departure in the said Forest during the Winter Seafori or Hayning time, the fame or any other Horse, Mare, Gelding or Beast of which such last mentioned Person shall be the Owner, the Sum of Fourteen Shillings for each Horse, Mare or Gelding, or other Beast so turned out or found depasturing, and the Sum of Sixpence for each Day such Horse, Mare or Gelding, or other Beast shall be unredeemed after being seized and impounded; and if such Person shall be convicted a Third time, or any subsequent time, of a like Offence, such Person shall forfeit and pay for each Horse, Mare, Gelding or other Beast so turned out or found depasturing during the Winter Season or Hayning time, the Sum of Twenty one Shillings, and the further Sum of Sixpence for each Day the same shall be unredeemed after being seized and impounded.

III. And be it further enacted, That all the said Penalties hereinbefore imposed shall and may be recovered before the Verderors of the said Forest, or any Two of them, or in the Court of Attachments of the said Forest; and in case any Penalty or Penalties so recovered shall not be paid forthwith, it shall be lawful for the Verderors of the said Court before whom such Penalty shall be recovered, or any Two of the Verderors, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, and directed to the Officer or Officers appointed or to be appointed to execute the Judgments and Orders of the said Court for the said Forest, to cause the Horse, Mare, Gelding or other Beast in respect of which such Penalty or Penalties shall be recovered, to be publicly fold, and the Amount of such Penalty or Penalties recovered, together with the Costs of Sale, to be retained and paid out of the Proceeds of such Sale, returning the Overplus (if any) to the Owner of the Horse, Mare, Gelding or other Beast so fold; and in case the Sum or Sums of Money obtained from the Sale of any Horse, Mare, Gelding or other Beast, shall not be sufficient to satisfy the Amount of the Penalty or Penalties recovered against the Owner or Owners thereof, it shall and may be lawful for the Verderors or the said Forest, or any Two of them, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, directed as aforesaid, to cause the Remainder of such Penalty or Penalties to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels, together with all Costs and Charges attending such Distress and Sale, returning the Overplus (if any) on demand, to the Owner of such Goods and Chattels.

IV. Provided-always, and be it enacted, That if the Owner of any Horse, Mare, Gelding or other Beast so impounded as aforesaid, shall forthwith on Conviction pay the Penalties aforesaid in respect of the fame, together with the Costs (if any) of the Keep thereof, then and immediately on such Payment, such Horse, Mare, Gelding or other Beast so impounded shall be restored to the Owner or Owners thereof.

V. And be it further enacted, That all the said Penalties hereinbefore imposed shall, when recovered, be by the Verderors or other Person or Persons receiving the fame, forthwith paid over to the Under Steward of the said Forest, to be applied in defraying the Expences attending the Execution of any Laws relating to the said Forest, as the Verderors of the said Forest, or any Two or more of them, shall at a Court of Attachments of the said Forest direH: Provided always, and it is hereby declared, that nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed, deemed or taken to extend, to repeal or annul any of the Laws now existing in regard to the Exercise of the Right of Common of Pasture, or any other Rights of Common in or upon the said Forest; but that all such Laws shall remain and continue in full Force and EffeU, and shall and may be carried into Execution in such and the like manner as if this Act had never been passed.

VI. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited Acts of the Thirty ninth and Fortieth and Fifty second Years of His Majesty's Reign, as subjects certain Officers therein mentioned to Forfeiture and Deprivation of their Offices for the Offences in the said Alts mentioned, shall be and the fame is and are hereby repealed and made void: Provided always, and it is hereby declared, that nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed, deemed or taken to extend, to repeal or annul so much of the said Alts, or either of them, as enalts that it shall be lawful for the Verderors of the said Forest, or any Two of them, to enquire into the Conduit and Behaviour of the Regarders, Under Foresters, Groom Keepers, or other Officers of the said Forest in the said Offices 5 and that if the said Verderors shall find that any of the said Regarders, Under Foresters, Groom Keepers or other Officers have been guilty of any of the Offences in the said Acts mentioned, that then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the said Verderors or any Two of them, (having due Proof made before them on Oath of any such wilful Alt, Neglect, Omission or Default in the said Alts mentioned), to set and impose a Fine not exceeding the Sum of Ten Pounds on such Regarder, Under Forefler, Groom Keeper, or other Officer for every such his wilful Alt, Neglect, Omission or Default, to be received and applied as therein mentioned, but that all such Powers shall remain and continue in full Force and Effect, and shall and may be carried into Execution in such and the like manner as if this Act had never been passed.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Person who now does or who shall be appointed to and hold the Office of Gaveller or Keeper of the Gawle, called The Gawle above the Wood* within the Forest of Dean, in the County of Gloucester, and the Office of Keeper of the Gawle under the Wood* within the said Forest for the time being, from and after the passing of this Act, to recover and levy any Sum or Sums of Money now due and owing, or which shall hereafter become due and payable to His Majesty, from any Person or Persons, for and in respect of the annual Compositions usually called Gale Rente or Gawle Rente, payable within the said Forest, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons from whom such Compositions are or shall be due and owing, wheresoever the same shall be found, together with the Costs and Charges of such Distress and Sale, as in the Nature of a Distress for Rent; and in case the Goods and Chattels distrained shall be replevied by the Owner or Owners thereof, and a Suit or Action in Replevin shall be brought, and prosecuted or commenced against the said Gaveller, or the Person or Persons making such Distress, it shall and may be lawful for the Person holding the said Office of Gaveller

to

A.D. 1819. 59° GEORGII III. C. 86, 87.

to plead to the said Action, or to avow the taking the said Goods and Chattels, and for the Person or Persons making such Distress to make cognisance as the Bailiff of the said Gaveller for the time being for the making the said Distress, alleging in such Avowry or Cognisance, that the said Distress whereof the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs complained, was made by Authority of and according to the Purport of this Act, for so much Gale Rent or Gawle Rent due from the Plaintiff to the said Gaveller, as Gaveller of the Forest of Dean, without expressing or Rehearsal of any other Matter; to which Avowry or Cognisance the Plaintiff shall be admitted to plead that the Defendant did take the said Distress of his own wrong, without any such Cause alleged by the Defendant; whereupon the Issue in such Action shall be joined, and upon the Trial of that Issue the whole Matter to be given by both Parties in Evidence according to the very Truth of the same.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Principal Gaveller for the time being of the said Forest of Dean, to sue for and recover any Arrears or Sums now due, or at any time hereafter to grow or become due, from any Person or Persons for and in respect of any such Compositions as aforesaid, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record; and all such Actions shall be brought in the Name of the Principal Gaveller for the time being of the said Forest of Dean; and in all such Actions it shall be sufficient for the Plaintiff to declare that the Defendant or Defendants is or are indebted to him the said Plaintiff as Principal Gaveller of the Forest of Dean, for so much Money due and owing as Gale Rent or Gawle Rent, from the Defendant or Defendants to the Plaintiff as such Principal Gaveller, without setting forth any other Special Matter; and no such Action or Suit shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of the Person in whose Name the same shall be so brought or commenced.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Sum and Sums of Money to be recovered by the Person being Principal Gaveller of the said Forest of Dean, either by Distress or Action, under the Authority of this Act, for any such Compositions as aforesaid, shall be recovered for the Use of His Majesty, and shall be accounted for and applied by the said Gaveller, as he is now bound by Law to account for and apply all Gale Rent or Gale Money received by him.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to prevent His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, from proceeding by Information in His Court of Exchequer, or any other Court, for the recovering of any such Compositions as aforesaid, or any Arrears thereof, in any Cases in which it shall be thought expedient so to do.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced against any Person or Persons, for any thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this Act, either in the New Forest or the said Forest of Dean, such Action or Suit shall be commenced within Three Calendar Months next after the Matter or Thing done, and shall be laid in the proper County; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action may plead the General Issue, and give the Special Matter in Evidence for his or their Defence; and if upon a Trial a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her or their Action or Prosecution, or Judgment shall be given against him, her or them, upon Demurrer or otherwise, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs awarded to him or them against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

CAP. LXXXVII.

An Act to grant to His Majesty certain Duties of Excise in Ireland on Malt.

[12th July 1819.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies, have freely and

voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto Your Majesty the Duties herein after mentioned, and do most

humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, ana Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That within and through that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland there shall be granted, raised, levied, collected, paid and satisfied unto and for the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, the several Duties of Excise following; that is to say.

For and upon every Barrel of Malt containing Four Bushels Winchester Measure, which shall have been or shall be in the Stock, Custody or Possession of any Person in Ireland on or after the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty, and which shall have been charged or chargeable with the Duty payable thereon under or by virtue of any Act or Acts in force in Ireland immediately before the passing of this Act, a Duty of Four Shillings and Eight pence British .Currency, in addition to the Duty with which such Malt shall have been so charged or chargeable under any such Act or Acts:

For and upon every Barrel of Malt containing Four Bushels Winchester Measure, which at any time or times from and after the said Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty, shall be made of Barley, or any other Corn or Grain in Ireland, by any Person or Persons whomsoever, or for which any Person shall be chargeable with Duty by Law, whether the same shall be or shall not be for Sale, the Sum of Fourteen Shillings British Currency, and so proportionably for any greater or less Quantity, to be paid by the Maker or Makers thereof respectively, in lieu of all Duty payable thereon under or by virtue of any Act or Acts in force in Ireland immediately before the passing of this Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty, there shall be charged on all Malt, and on all Beer or Ale and Spirits made or distilled in Great Britain, and imported from thence into Ireland, the Countervailing Duties following, in lieu arid full Satis-59 Geo. III. 6 E faction

941

Pleading.

Principal Gaveller may recover Gale Rent or Gale Money by Action in a Court of Record.

Gaveller to recover for Use of His Majesty, and to account,

&c.

Proviso for proceeding by Information, for recovering Compositions.'

Limitation of Actions.

[General Issue.]

[Treble Costs.]

Malt in Stock, on or after Jan. 1820, additional Duty of 4s. 8d. per Barrel.

Malt made after tfiat Day, a Duty of 14s. per Barrel in lieu of other Irish Duties.

Countervailing Duties on Importation of Malt, &c. into Ireland.

942*

Halt, 14s. per Barrel.

Beer, 9s. 9<L per Barrel.

British Spirits, imported irom G. R, into Ireland, 6s, per GaUonu

Drawback of.,

Duties on Exportation from Ireland to G. B.

Drawbacks on Male &c. exf pasted to any other Place thanG. B* 14s. per Barrel for. Malt, 'and 9s. 9d. for Bear,

Drawback on, ' Exportation of Spirits, warehoused 6d. per Gallon; on Spirits not warehoused, exported to any Place except G. B. 6s. per Gallon.

Officer to take

an Account of Stock of Malt on or after Jan. 5, 1820, and of Corn, &c. in Process on the said jth Jan.

Returns made by Officer to Collector of Excise of Quantity of Malt and Com in Process, and Amount of additional Duty.

Return to be a Charge.

Allowance far Dry. Afafc

Maltster charged 9s. 4d. per Barrel for Malt chargeable for Month ending Jan. j, .: 1820; but in.

C. 87. 59 GEORGII III. A.D. 1819.

faction of all Countervailing Duties whatever payable upon, such Malt* or oh such Beer or Ale or Spirits* under or by virtue of any Ad or A&b of Parliament in force in Ireland immediately before the passing of this Act; that is to say*

For and upon every Barrel of Malt made in Great Britain, and imported directly from thence into Ireland, the Sum of Fourteen Shillings British Currency:

For and upon every Barrel of Beer or Ale, containing Thirty two .Gallons, brewed or made in Great Britain, and imported from thence into Ireland, the Sum of Nine Shillings and Nine pence British Currency:

For and upon every Gallon Irish Wine Measure of Spirits which shall be made, or distilled in Great Britain, and which shall be imported from Great Britain into Ireland, at a Strength not exceeding that of One to Four over Hydrometer Proof (being, according to Law, Twenty one per Centum above Proof by Sites,* Hydrometer), the Sum of Six Shillings British Currency, and so in proportion for any less Degree of Strength, aot being less tliari that of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof (being, according to Law, Seven per Centum above Proof by Sikes9& Hydrometer):

And that upon the Exportation from Ireland to Great Britain of any Malt or Beer or Ale made or brewed in Ireland respectively, there shall be allowed and given a Drawback equal in Amount to the Countervailing Duty hereby granted on .Malt, and on Beer or Ale made in Great Britain, and imported from thence into Ireland

III. And be it further enacted, That in lieu andinstead of all farmer Drawbacks on.Malty or on Beer or Ale made in Ireland, and exported to .any other Place than Great Britain, there shall be paidito every Person who shall legally export from Ireland to any other Place than Great Britain, any Malt or any Strong Beer or Ale made or, brewed in Ireland from Malt, on which the Duties payable under this Act shall have been* fully paid and satisfied, the Drawbacks or Allowances following; that' is to fayr For every Barrel of such Malt the Sum of Fourteen Shillings British Currency; and for every Barrel of such Beer or Ale, the Sum of Nine iShillings and Nine pence British Currency.

IV. And be it further enacted, That upon the Exportation of any Spirits made or distilled in Ireland from Corn or Grain, malted or unmalted, which shall have been or shall be warehoused in Ireland, and which shall be exported from thence to Great Britain, or elsewhere, there shall be allowed and paid a Drawback of Sixpence and no more upon every Gallon of such Spirits, for and in respect of the Duty paid on the Malt used and con fumed in the making of such Spirits, in lieu and instead of all Drawbacks allowed or made payable on such Spirits in respect of such Duty by any Act or Acts in force in Ireland; and that on all Spirits dif- tilled from Corn in Ireland, on which all Duties imposed by Law thereoahave been paid, and which shall be exported from thenee otherwise than from His Majesty's Warehouses to any Place except Great Britain, the Sum of Six- Shillings British Currency for every (jrallon of such Spirits of a Strength not less than that of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, being according to Law Seven per Centum above Proof by Sites98 Hydrometer, in lieu of all Drawbacks allowed or made payable on such Spirit* so exported by any Act or Acts in force in Ireland.

V. And in order to secure the additional Duty of Four Shillings and Eight pence per Barrel on Malt imposed by this Act, be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Officer or Officers of Excise in Ireland, to take an Account of the Quantity of all Malt, ground or unground, which shall be in the Stock, Custody or Possession of any Person in Ireland, on or after the said Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty, and which shall have been charged or chargeable with the Duty payable thereon uader or by virtue of any Act or Acts in force in Ireland immediately before the passing of this Act; and shalllaUb take an Account of the Quantity of all Corn or Grain in Process of being made into Malt, which shall on the said Fifth Day of January be in the Stock, Custody or Possession of any Maltster or Maker of Malt for Sale, or Brewer or Distiller making Malt in Ireland; and every such Officer or Officers shall make a Return in Writing to the Collector of Excise or other Officer ini charge of the respective Districts in which such Malt, or Com in Process of being made into Malt, shall have been or shall be on the said Fifth Day of January, of the just and true Quantity of all such Malt in the Stock, Custody or Possession of such Person, and of the Quantity of Malt by Law chargeable in respect of all Cora on Grain in Process of being made into Malt, in the Stock, Custody or Potteffioit of any such Maltster or Maker of Malt for Sale, or Brewer or Distiller making Malt, and of the Amount of the additional Duty of Four Shillings and Eight pence per Barrel imposed under and by virtue of this Act, as well for all Dry Malt as for all Malt chargeable with Duty in respect of all Cora or Grain in Process of being made into Malt in the Stock, Custody or Pottession of every such Person respectively, on the said Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty-; and every such Return shall be a Charge on every such Person respectively; and every such Officer is hereby required to leave a true Copy of such Return in-Writing under his Hand, with every such Person respectively, or at the Dwelling House or Stores of such Person respectively: Provided always, that in all such Dry Malt there shall be made an Allowance and Deduction from the Accounts so taken by the Officer after - the Rate of Twelve Barrels in every One hundred Barrels of Brown or Porter Malt, and of Five Barrels in every One hundred .Barrels of all other Malt.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the proper Officer of Excise in his Return against any Maltster on Maker of Milt, or Brewer or Distiller making Malt, for the Month ending the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty, shall charge such Maltster or Maker of Malt, Brewer or Distiller making Malt, with the Duty of Nine Shillings and* Four pence British Currency per Barrel imposed and payable upon- Malt under and by virtue of the several Act* in force in Ireland immediately previous to-thfe -laid Fifth 1 Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty, for and in respect of the whole and

entire

A; D.i#i9. 5'9° GEORGII III. C. 87. 94

entire Quantity of Malt with which such Mdltfler or Maker of Malt, Brewer or Distiller making Malt, folfofridg shall by Law be chargeable for the said Month: Provided always, that the Officer of Excise in his Month ms. per

Returns against any Maltster or Maker of Malt, or Brewer or Distiller making Malt, for the Month ending*

the Fifth Day of February One thousand eight hundred and twenty, and in like manner for every subsequCnt arged*

Month, shall charge such Maltster or Maker of Malt, Brewer or Distiller making Malt, with the full Duty of Fourteen Shillings per Barrel imposed on Malt by this Act, for and in respect of the whole and entire Quantity of Malt with which such Maltster or Maker of Malt, Brewer or Distiller making Malt, shall by Law be chargeable for any such Month or Months; any thing herein contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all Malt for the Removal of which from any Place in Ireland, to any other Place within the same, either Coastwise or by Canal or Land Carriage, a Coast Cocket or Permit shall Malt, for which have been granted before the said Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty, and which Fennit, &c. shall arrive at the Place of its Destination on or after the said Fifth Day of January, shall on its Arrival become so^Rc

chargeable with the said additional Duty of Four Shillings and Eight pence for and upon every Barrel thereof, before

and after the fame Rate for any greater or less Quantity; and the Officer or Officers of Excise shall mike a Jan. 5, 1820, Return thereof to the Collector of Excise of the District, or other Officer in Charge of the Collection, in shall, oa ks like manner as is herein directed with respect to the Return to be made by any Officer or Officers of Malt in Arrival on the Stock, Custody or Possession of any Person on the said Fifth Day of January, and such Return shall be a Charge on the Person into whose Custody or Possession such Malt shall come, on or after the said Fifth Day of actional Duty January, and such Person shall be charged with and shall pay the additional Duty for the fame accordingly. of 4s. 8d. per

VIII. And be it further enacted, That ill Persons charged with the additional Duty on Malt of Four Shil- Barrel, lings and Eight pence per Barrel imposed by this Act, shall pay the fameto the Collector of the District, or other Times of Pay-Chief Officer in charge of the Collection of the District, at the times and in manner following; that is to say, "ent of addi* 'One Fourth Part thereof on or before the Fifth* Day of February, One other Fourth Part thereof on or before ^uty the Fifth Day of March, One other Fourth Part thereof on oi^before the Fifth Day of April, and the remaining Barrel.^Fourth Part thereof on or before the Fifth Day of May next after the passing of this Act, unless such Malt shall be sooner removed, in which Case the whole of the said additional Duty shall be paid for all such Malt as shall be so removed before the same shall be removed, and before any Permit for removing or conveying the same shall be granted.

IX. And be it further enacted, That every Person chargeable with the said additional Duty on Malt under Not'paying ad-this Act, who shall not par the additional Duty so charged on all such Malt in manner and at the times directed

by this Act, or who shall remove any such Malt without having paid or cleared the whole of the said additional MaTtwitlmut Duty payable on the Malt so removed, or in whose Stock Account kept by any Officer of Exdife there shall Permit, &c. appear to have been any Decrease of such Malt, Without having obtained from the proper Officer a Permit authoring the Removal of such Malt so deficient, shall be liable to and shall pay double the Amount of such additional Duty chargeable on such Malt, and shall also forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds for each Offence. Penalty.

X. And be it further enacted, That all Monies arising from the several Duties by this Act granted, the Duties carried

necessary Charges of paying and collecting the fame being deducted, shall be carried to and made Part of the° Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain znd Ireland.* un

XI. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases when any of the said additional Duties on Malt payable Malt as well at under this Act by any Person shall be unpaid at the time when such Duties or any Part thereof are by this other KG^Mf Act made due and payable, it shall and may be lawful for the Collector of Excise of the District, or other Officer in charge of the Collection of the District, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to empower any Duty.

Person or Persons to take and distrain any Malt, or any other Goods or Chattels in the Use, Custody or Poi-fession of the Person owing such Duties, and to cause the same to be sold by public Auction; and if after Payment of all Duties and Arrears of Duties due from such Person, together with the Cods and Efcpences of such taking, distraining and Sale, there shall be any Surplus arising from the Sale thereof, such Surplus shall forthwith be tendered and paid to such Person, or his or her respective Representatives: Provided always, After Distress, that when any Malt shall be so taken and distrained, it shall and may be lawftil for such Person, or his or her Malt may* respective Representatives, at any time or times before the Day appointed for the Sale thereof, to .obtain ^"^yalue Permits for conveying all or any Part of such Malt, upon his, her or their paying to the Collector or other paying ue* Chief Officer aforesaid, towards discharging the Duties so due and payable, the real Value of such Malt as he,

(he or they shall desire to remove, and the fame may be removed accordingly 5 and a proper Permit or proper and Permit Permits shall on due Application be given for the fame, in like manner a3 if no such Distress had been made. granted.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the several Drawbacks payable under any Act or Acts in force Former Draw-

immediately before the passing of this Act upon Malt, or upon Beer or Ale or Spirits respectively exported backs to remain from Ireland to Great Britain or elsewhere, 'shall continue to be paid and Allowed on all Malt, and on all Beer on Malt, &c. or Ale or Spirits respectively (b exported, upon which the additional or increased Duty, in respect whereof the e^°[te^!i lipoili increased Drawbacks are given and allowed by this Act, shall not have been fully paid and satisfied: Provided not also, that the increased Drawbacks by this Act made payable shall not be paid or allowed on any Malt, or on

any Beer or Ale or Spirits respectively so exported, unless the Person respectively who shall export such Malt by

or'Beer or Ale respectively shall make Oath that the additional or increased Duties, on account of which such porter, &c. Drawbacks shall be required respectively, have been fully paid and satisfied, and shall aMo perform all such Requi- before increased iites, and comply with such Regulations and Restrictions, asare or shall be required to be perforined and observed Drawback is by Persons exporting any Article whereon any Drawback or Bounty is payable for obtaining the fame. allowed.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That all the said Drawbacks shall be paid tty the Collector of Inland Drawback* Excise and Taxes of the District from which such Malt or Beer or Ale or Spirits shall be exported, out of arty

Money in his Hands, on such Certificate from the Collector, Comptroller or other Chief Officer of the Port

6 E 2 from

944

47 G-3. Sesi.a. c. 16. §7.

From Aug. 5, 1819, Maltsters to pay the Duty within Four Months after the Charge made, unless Malt sooner removed.

[Penalty.]

Provisions in former Acts requiring Payment of Duty within 31 Days, repealed.

Duties and Drawbacks, bow to be levied and paid.

14 & 15 C. a.

(i)

46 G. 3. c. 106.

Powers of former Acts relating to Duties on Malt extended to this Act.

Act altered, Stc. this Session.

Duty on Malt, &c. continued by c. 3. ante, to cease;

except Arrears, &c.

C. 87, 88. 59° GEORGII III. A.D. 1819.

from whence the same shall be exported, as is required by an Act made in the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to grant to His Majesty, until the* Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eighty certain Duties on the Importation, and to allow Drawbacks on the Exportation of certain Goods, Wares and Merchandise, into and from Ireland, in case of Drawbacks on Exportation of Goods, in respect of an internal Duty of Excise paid thereon.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Fifth Day of August One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, every Maltster or Maker of Malt shall pay the Duty which, by any Return or Charge for the Calendar Month ending on the said Fifth Day of August, or for any subsequent Calendar Month, shall appear to have become due and payable in respect of the Malt, with Duty for which such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall be by Law chargeable for any such Month respectively, within Four Calendar Months after the End of the Month for which such Return and Charge shall have been made, unless such Malt shall be sooner removed from the Malt House or Place where the same shall have been kept, in which Case the said Duties shall be paid for all such Malt as shall be intended to be removed before any Permit for removing, carrying or conveying the same shall be granted; and every Maltster or Maker of Malt shall for every Default in Payment of any such Duty within the time aforesaid, forfeit Twenty Pounds, together with a Sum equal to double the Amount of the Duty so returned and charged.

XV. And be it further enacted, That so much and such Parts of any Act or Acts in force in Ireland at the time of the passing of this Act for the Collection of the Malt Duties in Ireland, and regulating the Trade of a Maltster, as requires such Duties to be paid within Thirty one Days, or as inflifts any Penalty for the Non Payment of the fame within such Thirty one Days, shall from and after the said Fifth Day of August be repealed, except so far as the fame relateto the Payment of any Duties chargeable or charged before the said Fifth Day of August.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the several Duties and Drawbacks by this Act granted and allowed and made payable, and all Penalties and Forfeitures under this Act, shall be paid and payable according to the Amount. thereof in British Currency, and shall be raised, levied, collected, paid, sued fol*, recovered and applied in such Manner and under such Powers and Authorities, and by such Ways and Methods, and according to such Rules and Directions, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, as are appointed, directed and expressed for the raising, collecting, paying, levying, allowing and managing any Duties or Drawbacks, or for the Recovery of any Penalties or Forfeitures, m and by an Act made in Ireland in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled An Act for settling the Excise or New Impofl upon His Majesty y His Heirs or Successors, according to the Book of Rates therein inserted; or in and by an Act made in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to provide for the better Execution of the several Acts relating to the Revenues, Matters and Things under the Management of the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, and of the Commissioners of Inland Exctfc and Taxes in Ireland; or in or by any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland, relating to the Duties on Malt, or to the Revenue of Customs and Excise, or either of them, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the fame were herein expressed and enacted, with the like Remedy of Appeal to and for the Party or Parties aggrieved, as in and by the said recited Act made in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, or any other Act or Acts as aforesaid, is provided; and that all and every Act and Acts in force in Ireland, relating to the Duties of JLxcise on Malt, and all Powers, Rules and Regulations, Penalties, Clauses, Matters and Things therein contained, shall extend and be construed to extend to the raising, levying and collecting the several Duties by this Act granted on Malt, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the fame were repeated and re-enacted in this Act.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, amended or repealed by any Act or Acts to be made in this present Session of Parliament.

CAP. LXXXVIII.

An Act to repeal the annual Excise Duties upon Malt, Tobacco and Snuff, continued by an Act of the present Session of Parliament, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof, for the Service of the Year ending the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty.

[12th July 1819.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, towards raising the Supplies uecessary to defray the

Expences of Your Majesty's Government, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto Your Majesty, the several Rates and Duties of Excise herein after respectively mentioned, and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, the Excise Duties upon Malt, and upon Tobacco and Snuff respectively, continued by an Act of this present Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for continuing to His Majesty certain Duties on Malt, Sugar, Tobacco and Snuff in Great Britain, and on Penftons, Offices and Personal Estates in England, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, shall cease and determine, and be no longer paid or payable; save and except in all Cases relating to the recovering, allowing or paying any Arrears thereof respectively, which may at that time remain unpaid 5 or to any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures relating thereto respectively, which shall have been incurred at any time before or on that Day.

A.D. 1819. 59° GEORGII III. C. 88, 89, 90.

II. And be it further enacted, That in lieu of the said Duties hereby repealed, there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid, throughout Great Britain, to and for the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, the several Duties of Excise herein after mentioned; (that is to say),

For and upon every Bushel of Malt which shall on* or after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, and before the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty, be made in Great Britain, from Barley or any other Corn or Grain, or shall be brought from Scotland into England, without a Certificate from the proper Officer, that it hath paid the Duty due thereon of One Shilling for every Bushel thereof, an Excise Duty of One Shilling:

For and upon every Pound Weight of all Tobacco and Snuff (not being Irish Tobacco or Snuff) respectively, imported or brought into Great Britain, on or after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, and before the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty, and of all Tobacco and Snuff respectively, which shall on the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen be in the Warehouse in which the fame was deposited before Payment of the Duty hereby repealed, an Excise Duty of One Shilling:

Provided always, that such Duty on any Tobacco or Snuff duly warehoused shall not be payable on any such Tobacco and Snuff, unless and until any inch Tobacco or Snuff respectively shall, between the Days aforesaid, be taken out of any such Warehouse for the purpose of being used or consumed in Great Britain.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Duties hereby imposed shall be respectively raised, levied, collected, recovered, paid and applied in such and the like manner, and in or by any or either of the general or special Means, Ways or Methods, by which the former Duties respectively hereby repealed were or might be raised, levied, collected, recovered, paid and applied; and the said Persons, Goods, Wares, Merchandise or Commodities by this Act respectively made liable to the Payment of, or chargeable with the said Duties imposed, shall be and the same are hereby made subject and liable to all and every the Conditions, Regulations, Rules, Restrictions and Forfeitures to which such Persons, Goods, Wares, Merchandise or Commodities were

finerally or specisjly subject and liable by the said recited Act; and all and every Pain, Penalty, Fine or orfeiture of any Nature or Kind whatever, for any Offence whatever committed against or in breach of the said recited A£, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament thereby continued and in force for securing the said respective Duties hereby repealed, or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof, and the several Clauses, Powers and Directions therein contained, shall and are hereby directed and declared to extend to, and shall be respectively applied, practised and put in execution for and in respect of the said several Duties of Excise respectively hereby imposed, in as full and ample manner, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if all and every the said Acts, Clauses, Provisions, Powers, Directions, Fines, Pains, Penalties or Forfeitures were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, amended or repealed by any Act or Acts to be passed in this Session of Parliament.

CAP. LXXXIX.

An Act to continue, until the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and twenty four, an Act made in the Fifty seventh Year of His present Majesty, for suspending a Part of the Duties on Sweets or Made Wines. [i2tht/n/y 1819.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fifty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to suspend, until the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, a Part of the Duties on Sweets or Made Wines; and it is expedient that the fame should be continued Be it therefor^ enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act shall be continued until the Tenth Day of 08ober One thousand eight hundred and twenty four.

CAP. XC.

An Act for the Prevention of Frauds in the Duties on Soap; for preserving the Books or Papers called Specimens, left by Officers of Excise on the Premises of Traders; and for requiring more speedy Payment of the Excise Duties on Printed Calicoes.

[12th July 1819.]

WHEREAS it .is expedient to make further Regulations in order to prevent the Evasion of the Duties on Soap, and Frauds relating thereto; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Thirty first Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, all and every Maker and Makers of White, Yellow, Brown or Soft Soap, shall, before he, she or they shall begin to cleanse or take any such Soap from or out of any Copper, Pan or Vessel by him, her or them used for the boiling or making of such Soap, give to the Officer of the Division or Place where such Soap is intended to be cleansed, Notice in Writing of the particular Time and Hour when such Maker of Soap intends to cleanse or take such Soap from or out of such Copper, Pan or Vessel, as herein after mentioned 5 (that isrto say), if such Soap is intended to be cleansed at any Place within the Limits of the Chief Office of Excise in London, then such Notice shall be so given Six Hours next before the time of beginning to cleanse or take such Soap from or out of such Copper, Pan or

Vessel;

945

In lieu of Duties repealed the following to be paid:

Malt is. per Bushel.

Tobacco and Snuff, not being Irish, is. per lb.

Proviso respecting Tobacco and Snuff warehoused.

Duties levied as former Duties.

Powers of former Acts for securing such Duties, extended to this Act.

Act altered, &c. this Session.

57 G. 3. c. hi.

continued.

Notice to be given to Officer of cleansing or taking Soap out of the Copper, $c.

94^ 0* ^o«

39° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1819.

Penalty 100l. In what Case Notice void. Cleansing, &c. without new Notice. Penaltyicpl.

47 G. 3. c. 30. Seas. 2. $ 10.

Other Periods and Regulations specified for cleansing, &c.

Hard Soap,

fiix Frames #nd upwards.

Three Frames and less than Six.

Two Frames and less.

Soft Soap, Twenty Barrels and upwards,

Ten Barrels.

Less than Ten Barrels.

Maker offending, Penalty 501-

Regulations an to making of Yellow or Mottled Soap.

Vessel; and if such Soap isintendedtobe clean fed at any Place out of the Limits aforesaid, then such Notice shall be so given Twelve Hours next before the time of beginning to cleanse or take fetch Soap from or out of such Copper, Pan or Vessel; and if any such Maker or Makers of Soap, shall begin to cleanse as aforesaid any White, Yellow, Brown or Soft*Soap, without giving such Notice as aforesaid, he, she or they shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds; and if any such Maker or Makers shall not begin to cleanse and take such Soap from and out of the Copper, Pan or Vessel as aforesaid, within the Space of Three Hours next after the particular Time or Hour mentioned in any such Notice, then such Notice shall be void and of none Effect; and every Maker of Soap who, after the Expiration of the said Space of Three Hours, shall begin to cleanse or take any Soap from or out of any Copper, Pan or Vessel, without having first given a new and other like Notice as; aforesaid, shall forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

*11. And Whereas, by an Act made in the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of His said present Majesty,

to amend several Laws of Excise in Great Britain relating to the Duties on Salt, Soap, Paper, Coffee, Cocoa

Nuts, Spirits and Glass, and for restoring Seizures in certain Cases, it is amongst other things enacted, that every Maker or Makers of Soap, having begun to cleanse or take his, her or their Soap from or out of any

Copper, Pan or other Utensil, by him, her or them used for the boiling or making of Soap, shall within the

Space of Four Hours from the time of his, her or their having so begun, cleanse and take the whole of his, her or their Soap from or out of such Copper, Pan or other Utensil; and if any Maker or Makers of Soap,> having begun to cleanse or take his, her or their Soap from or out of any Copper, Pan or other Utensil by

him, her or them used for the boiling or making of Soap, shall not, within the Space of Four Houw from the time of his, her or their having so begun, deanfe and take the whole of his, her or their Soap from x>r

out of such Copper, Pan or other Utenfu, such Maker or Makers of Soap so offending shall for every such.

Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of Fifty Pounds: And Whereas the said last mentioned Provisiona have

not been found sufficient to prevent the Frauds thereby intended to have been prevented* Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the said Thirty first Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, so much of the said last mentioned Act as is hereinbefore recited shall be and the fame is hereby repealed, save and except, as to any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture relating thereto which shall have been incurred before or on the said Thirty first Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen; and that from and after the said Thirty first Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, all and every Maker and Makers of Soap who shall begin to cleanse or take any Soap from or out of any Copper, Boiler or Vessel by him, her or them used for the boiling or making of Soap, shall, and he, (he and they is and are hereby required to cleanse and take the whole of the Soap boiled or made in any such Copper, Boiler or Vessel from and out of the fame within the times herein after arespectively mentioned in that behalf; that is to say, .if any Maker of Hard Soap shall begin to cleanse or take any Hard Soap from or out of any Copper, Pan or Vessel, and shall cleanse or put the feme into Six Frames, or more than Six Frames, and shall not cleanse and take the whole of the ftoap boiled and made in such Copper, Pan or Vessel, from and out of the feme within the Space of Three Homes from the time of his having first begun to cleanse or take such Soap from or out of such Copper, Pan or Vessel; and if any Maker of Hard Soap shall begin to cleanse or take any Hard Soap from or out of any Copper, Pan or Vessel, and shall cleanse or put the feme into Three Frames, or less than Six Frames, and shall not cleanse and take the whole of the Soap boiled and made in such Copper, Pan or Vessel, from and out of the fame within the Space of Two Hours from the tinje of his having first begun to cleanse or take such Soap from or out of such Copper, Pan or Vessel; and if any Maker of Hard Soap shall Degin to cleanse or take any Hard Soap from or out of any Copper, Pan or Vessel, and shall cleanse or put the fame into Two Frames, or less than Two Frames, and shall not cleanse and take the whole of the Soap boiled and made in such Copper, Pan or Vessel, from and out of the fame within the Space of One Hour from the time of his having first begun to cleanse or take such Soap from or out of such Copper, Pah or Vessel; and if any Maker of Soft Soap shall begin to cleanse or take any Soft Soap from or out of any Copper, Pan or Vessel which shall contain Twenty Barrels, or Five thousand one hundred and twenty Pounds Weight of Soft Soap, or more, and shall not cleanse and take the whole of the Soap boiled and made in such Copper, Pan or Vessel from and out of the fame within the Space of Three Hours from the time of his having first begun to cleanse or take such Soft Soap from or out of such Copper, Pan or Vessel 5 and that if any Maker of Soft Soap shall begin to cleanse or take any Soft Soap from or out of any Copper, Pan or Vessel, which shall contain Ten Barrels, or Two thousand five hundred and sixty Pounds Weight, and less than Five thousand one hundred and twenty Pounds Weight of Soft Soap, and shall not cleanse and take the whole of the Soap boiled and made in such Copper, Pan or Vessel from and out of the fame within the Space of Two Hours from the time^of his having first begun to cleanse or take such Soft Soap from or out of such Copper, Pan or Vessel; and that if any Maker of Soft Soap shall begin to cleanse or take any Soft Soap from or out of any Copper, Pan or Vessel which shall contain any such Soft Soap, and less than Ten Barrels, or Two thousand five hundred and sixty Pounds Weight of Soft jSoap, and shall not cleanse and take the whole of the Soap boiled and made in such Copper, Pan or Vessel from and out of the fame within the Space of One Hour from the time of h» having first begun to cleanse or take such Soft Soap from or out of such Copper, Pan or Vessel, all and every such Maker and Makers of Soap respectively, shall for every such Offence, in each and every such Case, forfeit and lose the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

III. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Thirty first Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, every Maker of Hard Soap, who shall nuke any Yellow or Mottled Soap, shall, when and so soon as such Yellow or Mottled Soap respectively shall have been cleansed and taken from and out of the Copper, Pan or Vessel in which the fame has been boiled and made, add and put into such Copper, Pan or

Vessel,

A.D. 1819. 59° GEORGII III.

QLgcj 947

Vessel, all the Fob and Skimxmngs winch have been taken out of such Copper, Pan or Vessel, and also-Grease^ in the Proportion of at lead One hundred Weight of Grease for every Ton of Yellow- or Mottled Soap respectWely which such Copper, Pan or Vessid shall be cauputed by the Offifeer to b*il and makty and shall immediately remelt such Grease in such Copper, Pan or Vesselin the Presence of the proper Officer or1 Officers of Excise; and if any Maker or Makers of Soap shall make any Yellow or Mottled Soap, ' and shall not, within the Space of Half an Hour after such Yellow or Mottled Soap shall have been clean fed and taken from and out of the Copper, Pan or Vessel in which the fame has been boiled or made, add and put into such'

Copper, Pan or Vessel. all the Fob and Skimmmgs winch have been taken out of such Copper, Pan or Vessel, and also add freflr Grease in the Proportion aforesaid, or shall not immediately melt such Grease in such Copper, Pan or Vessel, in the Presence of the proper Officer or Officers of Excise, all and every Maker and* Makers Makers of Soap so offending shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred offending, Pounds. PenalV aool.

IV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Thirty first Day of JulyGne thousand eight Lees hundred and nineteen, no Person or Persons whatsoever shall make or manufacture for Sale, or fell any Lees, Soap wwlr Ley or Lye, fit or proper for the making or manufacture of Soap, or shall grind or pound for Sale any Barilla, or fell any ground or pounded Barilla exceeding Twenty eight Pounds Weight of such Barilla at any n(^ 5

one time 5 and if any Person or Persons shall make or manufacture for Sale, or fell any Lees; Ley or Lye, fit rill&'exceed-or proper for the making or manufacture of Soap, or shall grind or pound for Sale any Barilla, ' or fell any ing a81bs. be ground or pounded Barilla exceeding Twenty eight Pounds Weight of such Barilla at any one time, every ground for-Person so offending shall for each and every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds; Sale>ors°ld. and all such Lees, Ley and Lye, and ground or pounded Barilla respectively shall be forfeited, together Penalty of iocL with all Vessel or Packages containing the fame, and shall and may be Seized by any Officer or Officers of Forfeiture. Excise*

4 V. And Whereas, by a Clause in an Act of Parliament passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of Her late 10 Ann. c. 191

Majesty Queen A tint> among other things, for laying Several Duties upon all Soap made in Great Britain, or imported into - the fame, reciting that it might frequently happen that dale or rotten Soap, ' and also the

Cuttings of good Soap (for which the Duties by the said Act should first have been duly paid or charged),

might be put again into the Copper or Pan to be refire(hed or made new, and the Soap newly made from1 the fame, or from a Mixture of the lame with other Ingredients, would be chargeable with a new Duty, by the said Act, it was therefore provided and enacted, that in case such dale or rotten Soap or Cuttings be put into

the Copper or Pan, in the Presence of an Officer for the said Duties to be refreshed or made new as aforesaid,

such Officer should from time to time make an Allowance*of the Duty of the stale or rotten Sdap or Cuttings so put in, and certify every such Allowance upon his Report to be returned to the Head Officer;

any thing therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding: And Whereas, by an Act made in the Eleventh 11 G.r. c. 30.

Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the First, among other things, for more effectual pre- §37*

venting Frauds and Abuses in the Public Revenues, it was enacted, that if any dale or< rotten Soap, or any Cuttings of Soap, in order to the refrefliing thereof, should, from and after the Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand Seven hundred and twenty five, be put into any Making or Makings of Soap, unless of the Intention and designing So to he put fuclv stale or rotten Soap, or Cuttings of Soap, there should be or should have been given, to the Officer of the Division or Place where such putting in was intended to be,

such Notice in Writing as thereinafter was mentioned, and that in every such Caie and Cases whatsoever,

where such putting in should be or should have been without such Notice, the Officer should not certify

such putting in, or any Allowance for or in respect thereof, nor should the Maker or Makers of Soap, in

any such Case or Cases, have or be entitled to have any Allowance or Allowances whatsoever for or in respect of such putting in such stale or rotten Soap, or of such Cuttings of Soap 5 and it was further enacted, that if, from and after the said Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand seven hundred and twenty five,

any Officer or Officers of Excise* or for the said Duties on Soap, should falsely pretend that he or they hath or

have had due Notice in Writing of such putting in of such stale or rotten Soap, or of such Cuttings of

Soap, in any Case and Cases where and in which he or they really and in fact should not have had such due No*

tice in Writing, and should make such Allowance and Allowances as aforesaid, and should falsely certify the fame, every such Officer and Officers, for every Pound Weight of such stale or rotten Soap or Cuttings of Soap

so falsely allowed or certified as aforesaid, should forfeit and lose the Sum of Ten Shillings 5 and every such Mhker or Makers of Soap who should demand, claim, have or take any Benefit or Advantage for or in respect of any such Allowance so falsely made or certified by* fuch1 Officer or Officers, in every such Case and Cases should forfeit and lose the Sum of Ten Shillings for every* Pound Weight of such ftaie or rotten

Soap or Cuttings of Soap as should be claimed, demanded, had or taken by luoh Maker or Makers of Soap, for and in respect of such Allowance so falsely made or certified for by such Officer or Officers: And Whereas the said last mentioned recited Provisions and Clauses bave by a certain Act of Parliament passed in

the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, amongst other, things, for the k G. 3. c. 43.

better securing and further Improvement of the Customs, Excite, Inland and Salt Duties, been repealed, §5«

4 so far only as the fame relates to Hard Soap and the Makers thereof: And Whereas it is expedient to repeal the fame altogether* Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the said Thirty first Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, so much of the said hereinbefore recited Provisiona and Clauses of the said Acts of the Tenth Year of the Reign of Her said late Majesty Queen Anne; and of the Eleventh Year of° Ann.*o* the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the First, as' ftm remains'in force* shall be and the fame is1 »*£ u^hereby repesded^save and except m ail Cases relating to any Fihey1 Penalty or Forfeiture, Fines, Penalties or §37.

Forfeitures repealed.

948 C. 90.

59° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1819.

Forfeitures relating thereto, which shall have been incurred at any time before or .on the said Thirty first Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen.

VI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Thirty first Day of July9 when any Soap exceeding the Quantity of Twenty eight Pounds Weight shall be removed or carried by Land or by Water, the Word u Soap" shall be painted or marked in large and legible Letters, of at least Two Inches in Length, on every Chest, Basket, Box, Cask and Package, wherein such Soap shall be contained; and further, that when any Soap exceeding the Quantity of Twenty eight Pounds Weight shall be removed or carried in any Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, by any Person not being a known and public or common Carrier of Goods and Merchandise from one Part of Great Britain to another, the Word " Soap" shall be painted or marked in large and legible Letters of at least Three Inches in Length, on some conspicuous and uncovered Part of every such Cart, Waggon or other Carriage 5 and all Soap exceeding the Quantity of Twenty eight Pounds Weight, which after the said Thirty first Day of July shall be removed or carried, or removing or carrying, m any Chest, Basket, Box, Cask or Package, not having the Word " Soap" painted or marked thereon in large and legible Letters of at least Two Inches in Length, or which shall be removed or carried,

m or removing or carrying, by any Person not being a known and public or common Carrier of Goods and

Havin^in Pos- Merchandise from one Part of Great Britain to another, in any Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, not having the Word " Soap" painted or marked in large and legible Letters of at least Three Inches in Length,

on some conspicuous and uncovered Part of such Cart, Waggon or other Carriage, shall be forfeited, together with the Chest, Basket, Box, Cask or other Package containing the fame, and the Boat or Vessel, Horse or Horses, or other Cattle, Waggon, Cart or other Carriage made use of in the Removal or Carriage of the fame, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise; and the Person or Persons in whose Custody or Possession such Soap shall be found, or who shall be or shall have been employed or concerned in the Removal or Carriage thereof, shall forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

VII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Thirty first Day of July, every Melter of Tallow, Fat, Grease or Kitchen Stuff, not being an entered Maker of Candles, shall give Notice in Writing at the Office of Excise of every House, Workhouse, Room and Place made use of by him or them for the melting, rendering or keeping of any Tallow, Fat, Grease or Kitchen Stuff, within the Compass or Limits whereof such House, Workhouse, Room or Place respectively shall be situate, before he, she or they shall so make use of any such House, Workhouse, Room or Place; and it shall and may be lawful for any

Officer to enter Officer or Officers of Excise to enter every House, Workhouse, Room and Place, entered or made use of by any

and take Ac- Melter or Melters of Tallow, Fat or Grease, for the melting, rendering or keeping of Tallow, Fat, Grease and

Kitchen Stuff, or any or either of them, and to inspect and survey and take an Account of all Tallow, Fat, Grease and Kitchen Stuff, and other Materials, in the Custody or Possession of any Melter or Melters thereof, and to take any Sample thereof respectively or of any Part thereof, not exceeding One Pound for each such Sample, paying for the same at the current Value thereof; and if any Melter of Tallow, Fat, Grease or Kitchen Stuff, shall make use of any House, Workhouse, Room or Place, for the melting, rendering or keeping of any Tallow, Fat, Grease or Kitchen Stuff, without having first made Entry of such. House, Workhouse, Room and Place respectively, at the Office of Excise within the Compass and Limits Having Barilla, whereof the same shall be situated; or if any such Person or Persons, not being an entered Soap Maker or &c. not being Makers, shall have in his, her or their Custody or Possession any Barilla, Kelp, Black Ashes or any Leys, k1* or 5 or ifany Person or Persons shall at any time obstruct or hinder any Officer or Officers of " Excise in or from entering any House, Workhouse, Room or Place, entered or made use of by any Melter or Melters of Tallow, Fat, Grease or Kitchen Stuff, for the melting, rendering or keeping of any Tallow, Fat, Grease or Kitchen Stuff, or in or from inspecting, surveying or taking an Account or Sample aforesaid, of any Tallow, Fat, Grease or Kitchen Stuff or other Materials, Barilla, Kelp, Black Ashes, Lees, Ley or Lye, in the Custody or Possession of any Melter or Melters thereof, such Melter or Melters and Person and Persons respectively so offending, shall for each and every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of Two

In the Removal of Soap exceeding 28 lbs. the Word " Soap'* to be put on the Package.

Soap removed, &c. in Package not so marked, forfeited with Package.

session or removing, &c. such Soap. Penalty iool.

Melters of Tallow, not being entered Candle Makers, to give Notice to Officer of Melting Places.

count and Samples, &c.

Melter using unentered Houses, &c*

Maker, or obstructing Officer.

Penalty 200l.

and Barilla, &c. hundred Pounds; and all Barilla, ftelp, Black Ashes, Lees, Ley or Lye, found in the Possession of any such forfeited. Person or Persons, not being an entered Soap Maker or Makers, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be

seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Thirty first Day of July, all and every Maker and Makers of Soap shall, upon demand, receive from the proper Officer of Excise a Book or Books, to be prepared with proper printed Forms and Titles for the Purposes herein after mentioned, and to be kept by every such Maker of Soap in some public and open Part of his, her or their entered Premises; and that from and after the said Thirty first Day of July9 no Soap exceeding Twenty eight Pounds Weight shall be sold, sent out or delivered by any such Maker of Soap to any Person or Persons whatsoever, without being U1^accompanied by a Certificate filled up and cut out progressively from the printed Forms of such Certificates sold, UexcMding contained in such Book as aforesaid, signed by such Maker of Soap felling, fending out or delivering the

a8 lbs. and fame, or some Person or Persons on his, her or their behalf, certifying the Date thereof, the Quantity,

corresponding Quality, Sort or Kind of such Soap, to whom fold, from whose Stock delivered, and that the Duty has been

Entry made. paid or secured to be paid thereon; and that the Maker of Soap felling, fending out, or delivering any

Soap exceeding Twenty eight Pounds Weight as aforesaid, shall at the same time make a correspondent Entry Books kept thereof, containing the fame Particulars, in such Book as aforesaid; and that such Book, with such Entries

Remlse>n and mac*e thereon as aforesaid, shall at all times from the Hour of Six of the Clock in the Morning until the

subject6to^Hour of Seven of the Clock in the Evening, lie open and exposed in the entered Premises of such Maker of

Inspection of Soap as aforesaid, to the Perusal of any Officer or Officers of Excise, and shall be delivered and given up

Officer. by

Soap Makers to receive Books containing Certificates to be filled up and sent out with every Quantity of Soap

A.D. 1819. 59° GEORGII III.

C^Oi

by such Maker of Soap as aforesaid to any Officer or Officers of Excise, upon demand 5 and if any Maker

or Soap shall fell, send out or deliver ^ny Quantity of Soap exceeding Twenty eight Pounds Weight at any offending, one time, unaccompanied by such Certificate as aforesaid, or without making such Entry in such Book as aforesaid, or shall convey away or conceal any such Book or Books as aforesaid, or cancel, obliterate, destroy or tear out any Leaf or Leaves therefrom, or Entry or Entries therein, or shall make any false Entry or Entries therein, or shall oppose, molest, obstruct or hinder any Officer or Officers of Excise in inspeCTing any such Book or Books, or any such Entry or Entries therein as aforesaid, or shall at any time neglect or refuse, when required, to deliver or rive up to any Officer or Officers such Book or Books as aforesaid, all and every such Maker of Soap so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of Penalty aocl. Two hundred Pounds; and all Soap exceeding Twenty eight Pounds Weight removing or removed without and Snap for-being accompanied by a true and lawful Certificate, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any elted*

Officer or Officers of Excise, and the Person or Persons removing, carrying or conveying the fame, or who Aiding, &c. shall be or shall have been employed or concerned, or aiding or assisting therein, or in whole Custody the fame penalty 2odL shall be found, shall forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons who shall at any time be found Officers may removing or attending and directing the Removal of any Soap from one Part of Great Britain to any other demand In-Part thereof, or shall have received any Soap so removed for Sale, shall, upon the Demand of any Officer or Officers of Excise, produce the fame, and such Certificate as aforesaid, to such Officer or Officers, to be by him or them examined and inspected, and to compare such Quantity and Quality of Soap with such Certificate ac-Certificate accompanying or which accompanied the fame on such Removal; and if any such Person or companying it Persons shall refuse or neglect, upon such Demand, to produce any such Soap or Certificate as aforesaid, Refusing or or to suffer and permit such Inspection, Examination, and compare as aforesaid, or shall hinder or obstruct obstructing any Officer or Officers of Excise therein, or in executing any of the Powers of this Act, every such Person Officer, and Persons shall for every such Offence severally forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds^ and in every such Case all such Soap shall be forfeited, together with the Boat, Vessel, Cart, Waggon and other Penalty 2coL Carriage, Horse, Horses and other Cattle conveying or removing the fame, 'shall be forfeited, and shall and and Forfeiture ' may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise of SoaP» &c.

X. And Whereas it is usual for the Officers of Excise to leave on the Premises of the Traders and Specimens for

Manufacturers under their Survey, certain Books or Papers commonly called Specimens, for recording therein recording En-

the Entries in the Books of such Officers of the State of the Manufactory, and the Accounts and Particulars

4 of Survey taken by them from time to time at such Traders or Manufacturers: And Whereas such

Practice has-been found beneficial to the Revenue, and it is expedient to prevent the Removal, Obliteration or Manufacturer*.

Destruction of such Excise Specimens Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for any Officer or Officers of Excise to leave and ^epofit in any House,

Workhouse, Room or Place, entered or made use of by any Trader or Traders, Manufacturer or Manufacturers, under or subject to the Survey of any Officer or Officers of Excise, a certain Book or Paper commonly called a Specimen, and at all times to have free Access to such Book or Paper as last aforesaid 5 and if any Person or Persons, not being an Excise Officer, shall, remove, convey away or conceal any Book or Removing Paper commonly called a Specimen, or shall injure, damage or destroy the fame, or deface or obliterate any Entry de7

or Entries therein, or shall oppose, molest, obstruct or hinder any Officer or Officers of Excise in or from or having free Access to, or in or from inspecting any such Book or Paper commonly called a Specimen, or in officer from making any Entry or Entries therein, or in removing or taking away any such Book or Paper as last inspecting, Sec. aforesaid, as to such Officer and Officers respe6Uvely shall seem meet, the Person or Persons so offending shall Penalty 200L for each and every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

XI. And Whereas by an Act made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of Her late Majesty Queen Anne, for, 10 Ann*

amongst other things, laying several Duties upon Soap and Paper, and upon certain Silks, Calicoes, Linens

and Stuffs, printed, painted or stained, it was enacted, that all and every Person and Persons who shall print, $ 7*

paint, stain or dye as aforesaid any Silks, Calicoes, Linens or such Stuffs as in the said Act mentioned in Great Britain, shall from time to time, within Six Weeks after he, she or they shall make or ought to have made

such Entry as in the said Act mentioned* clear off all the said Duties which shall be then due or remain unpaid for all such Silks, Calicoes, Linens and Stuffs as shall have been printed, painted, stained or dyed by him, her

or them respectively as aforesaid, upon pain of forfeiting for every Default therein, Double the Sum of the fame Duties whereof the Payment shall be so neglected; and that no such Person, after such Default in Payment made, shall deliver or carry out, or cause to be delivered or carried out, any such printed, painted, stained

or dyed Goods, until he hath paid and cleared off his Duty, on pain to forfeit Double the Value of the Goods

so delivered or carried out: And Whereas it is expedient that the Duties payable for or in respect of printed,

stained, painted or dyed Silks, Muffin, Calicoes, Linens and Stuffs, shall be cleared off and paid by and at

the End of every Six Weeks* Be it therefore enacted, That so much of the said Act as is hereinbefore

recited, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed; and that from and after the Thirty first Day of July One repealed,

thousand eight hundred and nineteen, all and every Person and Persons who shall print, paint, stain or dye any Persons print-Silks, Muffin, Calicoes, Linen or Stuffs, in Great Britain, shall by or at the End of every Six Weeks clear ing, &c. Silks, off and pay all the Duties which shall during such Six Weeks have been charged upon such Person or Persons &c- ciear the

respectively, or shall then remain unpaid, for all such Silks, Muffin, Calicoes, Linens and Stuffs respectively

as shall have been printed, painted, stained or dyed by him, her or them respectively, upon pain of forfeiting, lx e for every Default therein, Double the Sum of the said Duties whereof the Payment shall be so neglected; aid j)eiiVerin<r that no such Person, after making default of such Payment, shall deliver or carry out, or cause to be delivered without clear-59 Geo. III. 6 F or ing Duties.

9&°

[Penalty.]

Pecovery and Application of Penalties.

Powere of IS C. i. c. 14* or any Act relating to Excise, extended to this Act.

S9 G. 3. c. 91.

c. 81, ante.

§r.

"When it shall appear that the Directions of a Court of Equity are requisite, Commissioners may certify the Particulars to Attorney General, who may apply summarily, or commence a Suit in the Court of Chancery, or Court of Exchequer, &c.

limitation of Appeal from Order or Decree therein.

Master of the Rolls or Vice Chancellor may hear such Petition, &c»

No Appeal from Decree of Lord Chan-

C. 90, 91. 59° GEORGII III.A.D. 1819.

or carried out, any such printed, painted, stained or dyed Goods, until he has paid and cleared'off the whole of such Duties, upon pain of forfeiting Double thtf Value of the poods so delivered'or carried out.

XII. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures hereby imposed, and not ather-wifedirected by this Act, shall be sued /or, recovered, levied or mitigated by such Ways, Means or Methods as any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture may be sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated by any Law or Laws of Excite, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in auy of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively 5 and that One Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture shall be to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them who shall inform, discover or sue for the fame.*

XIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Powers, Directions, Rules, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things, which in and by an Act made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His fest* Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled An Act for taking away the Courts of Wards and Liveries, and Tenures in Capite, and by Knights Service and* Purveyance^ and for fettHng a Revenue upon His Majesty in lien thereof; or by any other Law or Laws now in force relating to His Majesty's Revenue of Excise, are provided and established for managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating or recovering, adjudging or ascertaining the Duties thereby granted or any of them, other than in such Cases for which other Penalties or Provisions are made and prescribed by this Act, shall be practised, used and put in execution in and for the Purposes of this A 6k, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if all and every the said Powers, Rules, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things were particularly repeated and re-enacted in this present Act.

CAP. XCI.

An Act for giving additional Facilities in Applications to Courts of Equity, regarding the Management of Estates or Funds belonging to Charities.

[12th July 1819.]

WHEREAS an Act was Rafted in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for appointing Com*

rmjftoners to enquire concerning Charities in England for the Education of the Poor; and certain Commissioners were appointed for the Execution of the said Act: And Whereas an Act hath passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to amend an Act of the last Session of Parliament for appointing Commissioners to enquire concerning Charities in England, for the Education of the Poor, and to extend the Powers thereof to other Charities in England and Wales, whereby the Numbers and Powers of the Commissioners were extended: And Whereas it is expedient that'additional Facilities should be afforded for Applications to the Courts of Equity regarding the Management of Estates or Funds appropriated to Charitable Purposes; Be it therefore enacted j)y The seing's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, ancTCommons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That whenever, upon any Examination or Investigation taken or had by and before the Commissioners appointed or to be appointed under the Authority of the before mentioned Acts, any Case shall arise or happen in which it shall appear to the said Commissioners that the Directions or Orders of a Court of Equity are requi*' site for the remedying of any Neglect, Breach of Trust, Fraud, Abuse or Misconduct in the Management of any Trust created for any Charitable Purposes as aforesaid, or of the Estate3 or Funds thereto belonging, or for ths regulating the Administration of any such Trust, or of the Estates or Funds thereof, it shall and may* be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, if they shall think (it, to certify the Particulars of such Case in Writing under their Hands to His Majesty's Attorney General, and thereupon it shall be lawful for His Majesty's Attorney General, if he shall so think fit, either by a summary Application in the Nature of a Petition, or by Information, as the Case may require, to apply to or commence a Suit in His Majesty's High Court of Chancery, or to or in His Majesty's Court of Exchequer fitting as a Court of Equity, fitting and setting forth the Neglect, Breach of Trust, Fraud, Abuse or Misconduct, or other Cause of Complaint or Application, and praying such Relief as the Nature of the Case may require 5 and when such Petition or Suit is instituted in the said Court of Exchequer, it shall be lawful for that Court to proceed in the hearing and deciding of the fame, according to the due Course of the said Court; and any Order or Decree of the lame Court in such Proceeding shall be fingi and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, unless the Party or Parties who shall think himself or themselves aggrieved thereby shall within One Year after the time when such Order or Decree shall have been made and entered by the proper Officer, prefer an Appeal from such Order or Decree to the House of Lords; and* when such Petition or Suit is presented or commenced in the said High Court of Chancery, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Chancellor, L<?rd Keeper or Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal, and they are hereby required, to order and direct such Petition or Suit to be heard and determined either before the Matter of the Rolls or Vice Chancellor, as to the said Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners shall feern meet; and thereupon the Matter of the Rolls or Vice Chancellor shall proceed to hear and to rehear, if to him it shall appear necessary, and to determine the fame; and all Decrees, Orders and Acts of the Matter of the Rolls and Vice Chancellor made and, done therein, shall be deemed and taken to be respectively Decrees, Orders and Acts of the said Court of Chancery, and be executed accordingly, subject nevertheless in every Case to be reversed, discharged or altered by the Lord Chancellor, Lord Iveeper or Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal for the time being; and no such Decree or Order shall be enrolled, until the fame be signed by the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper oV Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal for the time being.

II. And be it further enacted, That when any Appeal shall be made to the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal, from any Order or Decree of the Matter of the Rolls or Vice

Chancellor,

A.D. 1819' 59° GEORGII III. CL y 9

Chancellor, made in any Mattel aforesaid, the Decree or Order which shall ibe made on such Appeal by the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal, shall be final and conclttfive, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and no Appeal frorri such Decree or Order of the Lord Chancelldt, Lord Keeper or.Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal, to the House of* Lords, shall be allowed or entertained.

III. And be it further enacted, That no Petition or Information presented, filed or prosecuted under this Act, nor any Answer thereto; nor any Depositions, Interrogatories, Affidavits or Proceedings, nor any Order or Decree upon the fame, or in relation thereto; nor any Copies of any such Petition, Information, Answer, Depositions, Interrogatories, Affidavits, Order or Decree, nor of any other. Proceedings whatsoever under this Act, shall be subject or liable to the Payment of any Stamp Duty whatever.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person summoned to appear before any Two or* more of the said Commissioners shall wilfully omit or refuse to appear before such ComAii(Honors, or to bring or to produce any Deed, Paper or Writing, Instrument or other Document, in his, her or their Possession, Custody or Power, and which he, she or they shall be required by the Precept of such Commissioners to produce, relating wholly to the Estates or Funds which shall be the Subject of Inquiry before such Commissioners, or to the Receipt or Application, or Nonapplication or Misapplication thereof, or to the State of the Schools or Charities which shall be the Subject of Inquiry before such Commissioners, or the true Copy of any Part or Parts of any Deed, Paper, Writing or other Instrument, (and which Copy any Two of such Commissioners are hereby empowered to require by such Precept, ) or shall refuse to be sworn, or being a Quaker to affirm, or beipgfworn, or being a Quaker having affirmed, shall refuse to answer to and before the said Commissioners, of any Two of them, or to answer fully any lawful Question on Oath or Affirmation touching or concerning any Matter or Thing relating to such Estates or Funds as aforesaid, or to the State of such Schools or Charities as aforesaid (except in Cases excepted by the said first recited Act), every such Person so refilling to comply with any such lawful Requisitions of the said Commissioners, shall be liable to the Payment of such Fine to His Majesty, as the Court of King's Bench or the Court of the Exchequer, on Application made by or on the behalf of the said Commissioners, or any Two of them, or by His Majesty's Attorney General for the time being, shall think fit to set and impose, which Fine the said Court of King's Bench or Court of Exchequer is hereby authorised and empowered to set and impose according to their Discretion respectively, and to enforce Payment of the fame by Attachment or otherwise, in such manner as the said Courts respectively may do in Cases of Contempt of the fame Courts*

V. And be it further enacted, That whenever it shall appear to the Trustees of any Free School, Hospital or other Charitable Institution or Donation within the Provisions of this Act, that the Statutes or Regulations thereof are insufficient for the secure and due Administration of the Funds thereto belonging, it shall be lawful for such Numbers of them as are by the said Statutes or Regulations empowered to do any Ad, by and with the Content of any Five or more of the said Commissioners, to present a Petition to the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal, or to the Court of Exchequer fitting as a Court of Equity, praying such Relief as the Nature of the Cate may require; and the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper and Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal, and the said Court of Exchequer, are hereby authorised and empowered to give such Directions, and to make such Order touching the Matter of the said Application, as to them respectively shall seem fit; which Order shall be final and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, unless the Party or Parties who shall think himself or themselves aggrieved thereby shall, within Two

f Years after the time when such Order shall have been made and entered by the proper Officer, prefer an Appeal from such Order to the Houfo of Lords, to whom it is hereby enacted and declared that an Appeal shall lie from such Order.

CAP. XCII.

An Act to enable Justices of the Peace in Ireland to act as such, in certain Cases, out of the Limits of the Counties in which they actually are; to make Provision for the Execution of Warrants of Distress granted by them; and to authorise them to impose Fines upon Con (tables and other Officers for Neglect of Duty, and on Matters for 111 Usage of their Apprentices. [lath July 1819.]

WHEREAS the Administration of Justice in Ireland is frequently obstructed for want of resident JufW tices of the Peace, and might be much furthered in case the Justices acting for Two or more adjoining Counties were enabled to act for the fame, if personally present in either of those in which they act, as they are by Law enabled to do in Great Britain : Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act it shall and may be lawful for any Justice or Justices of the Peace, .acting as fudh for any Two or more Counties, being adjoining Counties, in Ireland, to act as a Justice or Justices of the Peace in all Matters and Things whatsoever concerning or in anywise relating to any or either of the said Counties; and that all and every .Act and Acts of such Justice or Justices of the Peace, and the Act and Acts of any Constable or other Officer in obedience thereto, shall be as valid, gdbd and effectual in the Law, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if such Act or Acts of the said Justice or Justices had been done in the County or Counties to which such or Act more particularly relate; and all Constables and other Officers of the said County or Counties, xo which such Act or Acts relate, are hereby authorised and required to obey the Warrants, Orders, Directions, Act and Acts of such Justice or Justices so granted, given and done, and to do and perform their several Offices and Duties, under the Pains and Penalties to which any Constable or other Officer may be liable for a Neglect of Duty: Provided always, 'that such Justice or Justices be .personally resident in One of the said

6 F 2 Counties

95*

cellar, to «ptn Appeal.

Proceedings not subject to Stamp Duty.

Persons refusing to appear before Commissioners, or to produce Deeds, or refusing to answer Questions upon Oath, to (Exception), liable to be fined by Court of King's Bench or Exchequer.

How* Payment of Fine enforced.

Where Regulations of Charity are.insufficient for ft due Administration of the Funds, Trustees may apply by Petition to Chancery or Exchequer sitting in Equity for Relief.

Limitation of Appeal.

Justices of the Peace in Ireland may apt for adjoining Counties, provided they are resident in one of them.

Constables, &c. to obey Warrants, &c.

952

Manner of directing Warrants.

Constables, &c. may carry Offenders before such Justices, and otherwise act as if Justice were resident within the County.

Obstruction.Constables, &c.

[Penalty.]

Sheriffs, &c. j may convey Offenders through adjoining Counties.

Escaping pr aiding Escape.

[Penalty.]

Justices for Counties at large may act within any adjoining City being a County of itself.

Proviso as to Matters arising within the same City.

Justices in Special or Petty Sessions may impose Fines upon Constables, &c. for Neglect of Duty, and on Masters for 111 Usage of Apprentices having paid icL or under.

Levied by Distress.

Application of Fines.

C. 92. 59° GEORGII III. A.D. 1819.

Counties at the time of doing such Act or Acts: Provided also, that the Warrants, Orders or Directions, so to-be given and granted, be directed and given in the first Instance to the Constable or other Officer of the County to which the fame more particularly relate.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for any Constable or other Peace Officer in Ireland, or for any other Person or Persons apprehending or taking into custody any Person or Persons offending against Law, and whom they lawfully may and ought to apprehend and take into custody, by virtue of his or their Office or Offices, or otherwise howsoever, to convey and take the Person or Persons so apprehended or taken into custody as aforesaid, to any Justice or Justices of the Peace acting for the said County, and present in such adjoining County as aforesaid 5 and the said Constables and other Peace Officers, and all and every other Person or Persons, are hereby authorised, empowered and required in all such Cases so to act in all things as if the said Justice or Justices of the Peace was or were resident within the said County to which they respectively belong 5 and all and e\*ery Person or Persons obstructing or hindering the said Constables or other Peace Officers in the Execution of their respective Offices in the said County or Counties adjoining as aforesaid, shall be and are hereby made liable to the fame Pain3 and Penalties for such Obstruction and Hindrance of the said Officers in the Execution of their respective Offices, as if the fame had been committed in the County for which the said Constables or other Peace Officers were appointed to act.

III. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for any Sheriff in Ireland, and for any Person or Persons deputed by him, or acting under his Authority, and for any Constable or other Peace Officer in Ireland, or any other Person or Persons lawfully taken into or having in his or their Custody respectively, any Person or Persons offending against Law, and whom he or they may or might lawfully convey to Gaol, or any Place of safe Custody, to convey or take the said Person or Persons so in custody as aforesaid, into and through arfy Part or Parts of the said County or Counties so adjoining, in their Way to such Gaol or Place of safe Custody within the County wherein such Offence wat done or committed; and all and every Person or Persons escaping from such Custody as aforesaid, or aiding or shifting such Escape or Escapes, or rescuing such Person or Persons so in custody as aforesaid, shall be subject to the like Pains and Penalties for such Escape or Escapes, and for such Aid and Assistance so given as aforesaid, and for such Rescue and Rescues, as if the said Escape or Escapes had happened, (or such Aid and Assistance had been given, or such Rescue or Rescues had been made, in the County wherein such Offence was done or committed.

IV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act it shall and may be lawful for any Justice or Justices of the Peace acting for any County at large in Ireland, to act as such at any Place within any City or Town being a County of itself, and situate within, surrounded by, or adjoining to any such County at large 5 and that all and every such Act and Acts, Matters and Things done by such Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said County at large, within such City or Town, shall be as valid and effectual in the Law as if the fame had been done within the said County at large, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend to give Power to the Justices of the Peace for any County at large, not being Justices for such City or Town, or any Constable or other Officer acting under them, to act or intermeddle in Any Matters or Things arising within any such City or Town, in any manner whatsoever.

4 V. And Whereas it is expedient to give such and the like Powers to Justices of the Peace in Ireland, to impose Fines upon Constables and other Peace and Parish Officers within their respective Jurisdictions, for Neglect of Duty in their respective Offices, or for Disobedience of the Warrants or Orders of such Justices, and also to impose Fines upon Mailers of Apprentices for 111 Usage of their Apprentices, and also to make such Provision for the Execution of Warrants of Distress granted by Justices, as are by Law given and made in Great Britain* Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act it shall and may be lawful for any Two or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace in Ireland, assembled at any Special or Petty Sessions of the Peace, upon Complaint being made upon Oath before them of any Neglect of Duty, or of any Disobedience of any lawful Warrant or Order of any Justice or Justices of the Peace, by any Constable or other Peace or Parish Officer, or upon Complaint made to such Two or more Justices upon Oath by or on the behalf of any Apprentice to any Trade or Business whatsoever, whether bound Apprentice by any Parish or Township or otherwise (provided that not more than the Sum of Ten Pounds be paid upon the binding of such Apprentice), against his or her Matter or Mistress of any 111 Usage of such Apprentice by such Matter or Mistress (fucri Constable or other Officer, Matter or Mistress having been duly summoned to appear and answer such Charge or Complaint), to impose upon Conviction any reasonable Fine or Fines, not exceeding the Sum of Forty Shillings, upon such Constable or other Officer, Master or Mistress respectively, as a Punishment for such Disobedienpe, Neglect of Duty or III Usage, and by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any Two or more of such Justices assembled at any Special or Petty Sessions as aforesaid, to direct such Fine or Fines, if not paid, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so offending, rendering the Overplus (if any), after deducting the Amount of such Fine or Fines, and the Charges of such Distress and Sale, to such Offender or Offenders; and such Fine or Fines which may be imposed upon any such Constable or other Officer as aforesaid, shall be applied and disposed of for the Relief of the Poor of the Parish, Township or Place where the Offenders shall respectively reside, at the Discretion of the Justices imposing the fame; and such Fine or Fines which may be imposed upon any such Master or Mistress shall, at the Discretion of the Justice imposing the fame, be either so applied and dii-posed of as aforesaid, or be otherwise paid and applied to or for the Use and Benefit of such Apprentice, for or towards a Recompence or Compensation for tbs Injury which may have been by him or her sustained by

reason

A.D. 1819. 59° GEORGII III. C. 92, 93, 94.

reason of such 111 usage as aforesaid; and if any Person (half be aggrieved, by the Imposition of such Fine or Fines as aforesaid, or by any Order or Warrant of Distress for raising and levying the fame, or by the Judgment or Determination of the said Justices, or by any Act to be done in the Execution of such Warrant of Distress, such Person or Persons so aggrieved shall and may appeal to the next General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held for the County, County of a City or County of a Town, within which such Person shall reside; of which Appeal Ten Days Notice at the least shall be given; and for want of such Distress such Person or Persons shall be committed to the House of Correction for any Space of time not exceeding Ten Days.

VJ. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person acting under any such Warrant of Distress as aforesaid, shall be deemed a Trespasser ab initio by reason of any Irregularity or Informality in such Warrant, or in any Proceedings thereon; but any Person aggrieved by the issuing or Execution of such Warrant, may recover the special Damages thereby by him or her sustained in an Action of Trespass or on the Case, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record in Ireland.

VII. And Whereas Warrants of Distress granted by Justices of the Peace are in many Instances ineffec- tual, by reason of the Goods and Chattels of the Persons against whom such Warrants are granted, being out of the Jurisdiction of the Justice granting the fame; Be it therefore enacted, That in 5l Cases where any Penalty, Forfeiture, Fine or other Money may, by the Warrant of any Justice or Justices of the Peace in Ireland, be directed to be levied by Distress. and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of any Person or Persons, if sufficient Distress cannot be found within the Limits of the Jurisdiction of the Justice, granting such Warrant of Distress, on Oath thereof made by One Witness, before any Justice of the Peace of any other County, County of a City or Town, Town Corporate or Place (which Oath shall be by him certified by Indorsement on such Warrant), such Penalty, Forfeiture, Fine or other Money, or so much thereof as may not have been before levied or paid, shall and may, by virtue of such Warrant or Indorsement, be raised and levied by the Person or Persons to whom such Warrant of Distress shall have been originally directed, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Person or Persons in such other County, County of a City or Town, Town Corporate or Place; and the Money arising by such Distress and Sale shall be applied and disposed of for such Purposes and in like Manner as if sufficient Goods and Chattels of such Person or Persons had been found within the JurisdicticJn of the Magistrate originally granting such Warrant; and if no such Distress can be found, such Offender or Offenders shall and may be forthwith proceeded against accoi^ling to Law: Provided always, that no Justice, who shall indorse any Certificate upon or authorise the Execution of any such Warrant of Distress, which may not have been granted within his Jurisdiction, shall be answerable or accountable for any Irregularity which may have been committed or done in or about the obtaining or granting of such Warrant of Distress.

CAP. XCIII.

An Act to continue for One Year, and from thence until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, an Act, made in the Fifty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, to make Provision for securing the Profits of the Office of Clerk of the Pleas of His Majesty's Court of Exchequer in Ireland..[l2th July 1819.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the Fifty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled

An Act to make Provision for securing for a time to be limited, the Profits of the Office of Clerk of the Pleas of His Majesty's Court of Exchequer in Ireland, which was to continue in force for Two Years from the passing thereof, and from thence until the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and it is

expedient that the said Act should be continued for a further time; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Act shall be and the fame is hereby continued, and shall be and remain in force from the End of this present Session of Parliament for One Year, and from thence until the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said recited Act and this Act may be amended, altered or repealed by any Act to be passed in this present Session of Parliament.

CAP. XCIV.

An Act to explain and amend Two Acts, passed in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth and Forty seventh Years of His present Majesty, concerning the Disposition of certain Real and Yerfbnal Property of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors.^_ [12th July 1819.]

WHEREAS an Act passed in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act concerning the Disposition of certain Real and Personal Property of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and also of the Real and Personal Property of Her Majesty, and of the Queen Consort for the time being: And Whereas an Act passed in the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for explaining and amending an Act passed in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Year of His present Majesty, concerning the Disposition of certain Real and Personal Property of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and also of the Real and Personal Property of Her Majesty, and of the Queen Consort for the time being: And Whereas it was in the said last recited Act enacted, that in all cases in which His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, had or (hodld in right of His Crown, or of His Duchy

953

Apped.

Want of Distress Imprisonment.

Proviso for Irregularity in Proceedings, &c.

In what Case Distress may be levied in Places out of* Jurisdiction of justice granting Warrant.

How Money arising by Distress applied.

Justices indorsing Warrants of Distress, not answerable for Irregularity in granting them.

56 G. 3. c. la*.

continued.

Acts amended, &c. this Session.

39 & 40 0.3. c. 88.

47 G-S* «-4.

5

&94* 59° GEORGII ' 111. A.D. 1819.

4 of Lancaster, become entitled to any Freehold or Copyhold Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or

Hereditaments, either by Escheat for want of Heirs, or by reason of any Forfeiture, or by reason that the fame had been purchased by or for the Use of or in trust for any Alien or Alien*, it should be lawful for His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, by Warrant under his or their Sign Manual, or under

the Seal of the Duchy or County Palatine of Lancaster, according to the Nature of the Title to such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments respectively, to direct the Execution of any Trulls or Purposes to which the fame might hare been directed to be applied, and to make Grants of such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or* of any Rents or Profits then due and in arrear to His Majesty in respect thereof, respectively, to any Trustee or Trustees or otherwise, for the Execution of any such Trusts or Purposes, or to any Person or Persons for the purpose of restoring the same to any of the Family of the Person or Persons whose Estates the fame have been, or of carrying into Effect any intended Grant, Conveyance or Devise of any such Person or Persons in relation thereto, or of rewarding any Person or Persons making Discovery of any such Escheat, or of His Majesty's Right and Title thereto, as to His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors respectively, should seem fit: And Whereas Doubts have arisen in certain Cases of Grants by His Majesty under the said recited Acts; and it is expedient that those Doubts should be removed: And Whereas it is expedient that the Provision of the said recited Act should be enlarged and extended, for the purpose of enabling His Majesty to make Grants in certain other Cases : Be it* therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of

His Majesty the fame, That in all Cases in which His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, hath or shall, in right of His Execudon erf Crown, or of His Duchy of Lancaster, become entitled to any Freehold or Copyhold Manors, Messuages,

Trusts of Lands Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, either by Escheat for want of Heirs, or by reason of any Forfeiture,

escheated, &c. or by reason that the fame have been or shall be purchased by or for the Use of or in trust for any Alien or Aliens, it shall be lawful for His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, by Warrant under his or their Sigu Manual, or under the Seal of the Duchy or County Palatine of Lancaster, according to the Nature of the Title to such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments respectively, to direct the Execution and may grant of any Trusts or Purposes to which the fame may have been directed to be applied, and to make Grants of same to Trus- such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or any Parts thereof, or of any Rents or tees for that Profits then due and in arrear to His Majesty in respect thereof respectively, to any Trustee or Trustees or toeTther Pur0" otherwise, for the Execution of any such Trusts or Purposes, or to any Person or Persons, for the purpose

e er c- of restoring the fame tp any of the Family of the Person or Persons whose Estates the fame had been, or of

carrying into Effect any intended Grant, Conveyance or Devise of any such Person or Persons in relation thereto, or of rewarding any Person or Persons, or his, her or their Family, making discovery of any such

Escheat, or of His Majesty's Right and Title thereto, as to His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, /hall

seem fit, or to make any Grant or Grants of such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or any Part or Parts thereof, to any Person or Persons, or his, her or their Family, making such Discovery as aforesaid, or being of the Family or considered or adopted as Part of the Family of any Alien or Aliens, or to any Person or Persons whose Estate or Property the fame Hereditaments have been, or being of the Family or considered or adopted as Part of the Family of any such last mentioned Person or Persons, and his or their Heirs and Assigns, unconditionally, or in consideration of Money to be paid either at or before the Execution of such Grant or Grants, or at any time or times subsequent thereto, and to such Person or Persons as His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, shall be pleased to direct, and such Money, if not paid at the Execution of such Grant or Grants, to be a Charge upon the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments which shall be so granted, and to.be secured by way of Mortgage or Trust, or in any other manner, as His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, shall think proper or be advised, and such Money to.or to a Trustee be applied for any of the Purposes of this Act; or to make any Grant or Grants of such Manors, to sell. Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or any of them, unto any Trustee or Trustees, his or their

Heirs and i^fligns, in trust to be sold in such manner as His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, shall be Application of pleased to direct; and that it shall be lawful for His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, to direct the Rents Rents and Pur- and Profits of any such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, and the Money to arise chase Monies, by any ga]e or gales, or to be produced by any of the Means aforesaid, to be applied in Payment of any Costs, Charges and Expences incident to any Commission or Commissions for finding the Title of His Majesty, and to the making of any such Grant, and for carrying the fame or any Trusts or Provisions thereof into Execution, or in rewarding any Person or Persons, or the Family of any Person or Persons, making a Discovery of any such Escheat, Forfeiture or Purchase by an Alien, or of His Majesty's Right and Title thereto^or in discharging the whole or any Part of any Debt or Debts due from any Alien, or any Person or Persons whose Estate or Property any such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments have been, or for the Use and Benefit, in whole or in part, of any such Alien, or of his or her Family', or any Part thereof, or of any Person or Persons adopted or considered by such Alien as Part of his or her Family, or of any Person or Persons whose Estate or Property any such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments have been, or his or their Family, or any Part thereof, or of any Person or Persons adopted or considered by such Person or Persons as Part of his or her Family, or for all or any Former Grants^Purp0^8 aforesaid, as to His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors respectively, shall seem fit; and all by the Crown Grants heretofore made by His Majesty, which would, under the Provisions of this Act, be good, valid and confirmed. effectual, shall be and are hereby confirmed, and are hereby declared to be as good, valid and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame had been made under the Powers, Provisions and Authorities of this Act, and as if such Powers, Provisions and Authorities had been in foil force and effect at the time of making

such

poses herein specified;

954

A.D. 1819. 59° GEORGII III. C. 94, 95, 96, 955

such Grants; any tking in the said recited Alb, or any other AH heretofore made, to the contrary not- wkhftaading.

II. And be it further erased, That the Purchaser or Purchasers of any Manors, Lands, Tenements or Purchasers not Hereditaments, fold under the Authority of this Aik, or any Person or Persons paying any Sum or Sums of

Money under the Authority of the same, or in pursuance of any Grants to be made by virtue thereof, shall not be bound to fee to the Application or be answerable for the Misapplication or Nonapplication of the Money.

Monies paid by them respectively.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in every Case where airy Surplus shall remain of Surplus ^aid to any Monies which may arise from any such Sale or Sales, or which shall be paid under the Authority of this

All, by any Person or Person a, after fstisfying all such Purposes as shall have been ordered and directed by venue.

His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, under the Provisions of this Act, shall be paid to the Commissioners of the Land Revenue for the yme being, to be applied by them in the fame Way and Manner as the Money arising from the Sale of any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, of or belonging to His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, is by the several AHs now in force for the Management and Improvement of the Land Revenue of the Crown, or any of them, directed to be applied and disposed of.

CAP. XCV.

An Act for confirming ancient Separations of Towns Corporate from Parishes, in regard to the Maintenance of the Poor.

[12th July 1819.]

WHEREAS various Towns Corporate or Franchises situate within one or more Parish or Parishes, and

not co-extensive with the said Parish or Parishes, have heretofore and for a long time past been Separately assessed from the Parish or Parishes in which they are situate for the Relief of the Poor, and Overseers of the Poor for such Town or Franchise have been appointed distinlf and apart from the Overseers of the Poor appointed for such Parish'or Parishes; And Whereas such Separate and distinH Afltfffments and Appointments of (Jverfeers

have, in many Cases, been made without sufficient Authority, and yet, by reason of the long Continuance erf' the said Separation, the Towns Corporate or Franchise cannot now be reunited to the Parish or Parishes in which they are situate without manifeff Inconvenience and Hardship : r Be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this Separation of present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act

ali such Separation of Towns Corporate or Franchises from the Parish or Parishes in which they are situate, together with the Separate and distinH Appointment of Overseers of the Poor, shall be deemed and taken pointment of to be lawful to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, in the same manner as if the said Separation or Division Overseers had taken place under the Authority of an Act made in the Forty third Year of the Reign of Queen EB % a- lawful. heth, intituled An Act for the Relief of the Poor: Provided always nevertheless, that nothing in this Act con- 43 Elia. c. a. tained shall render legal or confirm any Separation of a Town Corporate or Franchise. from the Parish or Parishes Proviso where in which such Town Corporate or Franchise is situate, in respect to the Maintenance of the Poor or the Appointment of Overseers of the Poor, in any Case whtfre.it shall appear that such Separation has commenced within Sixty Years before the passing of tKis AH.

CAP. XCVI.

An Act to facilitate the Trials of Felonies committed on Stage Coaches and Stage Waggons, and other such Carriages; and of Felonies committed on the Boundaries of Counties. [i2fh/«/y 1819.]

WHEREAS Felonies are frequently committed on Stage Coaches, Stage Waggons, Stage Carts, and other such Carriages, employed in carry ing and conveying Goods, Wares and Merchandise, travelling on the several Highways in various Parts of the United Kingdom, as well by breaking open the Calks and Packages containing such Goods, Wares and Merchandise, as in various other Ways: And Whereas such Felonies frequently remain undeteHed until the Arrival of such Carriages at the Place of their Destination, and

in consequence of such Highways leading through several Counties, it can seldom be known within what County such Felonies may have been actually committed, and Offenders frequently escape unpunished from DefeH of Proof that the Felony with which they are charged was actually committed within the County in which such Offenders may be indiHtfd; ' For Remedy thereof, be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, in Indictments for any IndiHment for any Felony committed on any Stage Cogch, Stage Waggon, Stage Cart, or other such Felonies com-Carriage whatever, employed orufed in carrying or conveying Goods, Wares and Merchandise, or in \frhich any loaches such Goods, Wares or Merchandise shall be, in or upon any Highway in any Part of the United Kingdom of jjOW

Great Britain and Ireland, it shall be sufficient to allege that such Felony was committed within any County or

City through any Part whereof such Stage Coach, Stage Waggon, Stage Cart, or other such Carriage shall have passed in the Course of the Journey during which such Felony shall have been committed; and in all Cases

where any Highway shall form the Boundary' of any Two Counties, it shall be sufficient to allege, that such

Felony committed as aforesaid was committed in either of the said Counties through which or any Part whereof such Stage Coach, Stage Waggon, Stage Cart, or other such Carriage shall have passed in the Course of the

Journey during which such Felony shall have been committed; and every such Felony shall and may be inquired Where Fetotiy'

of, tried and determined in the County or City within which the fame Felony shall be so alleged to have been "*7*trie<*

committed; and all and every Person and Persons who shall be convicted of any such" Felony lo to be inquired

of tried and determined as aforesaid, shall be subject and liable to all such Pams of Death, and other Pains,

Penalties

How Indictments shall be laid for Felonies committed on the Boundaries of Counties;

and where Felony may be triedj

46 G. 3. c. 54.

51 G. 3. c. 23.

Si-

58 G. 3. c. 98.

Offences declared by 51 G. 3. c. 13. to be Felonies or Misdemeanors, committed by any of His Majesty's Subjects in Africa, not being within the Jurisdiction

0.96, 97. 59° GEORGII III. A.D. 1819.

Penalties and Forfeitures, as such Person or Persons convicted of such Felony would have been subject and liable to, in case such Felony had been inquired of, tried and determined in the County in which the fame Felony was actually committed; any Law, Statute or Usage to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

II. And Whereas Felonies, are sometimes committed on or so close to the Boundaries of Two or more

Counties, that the Offenders escape unpunished from the Defect of Proof, that the Felony with which they are charged was actually committed within the County in which such Offenders may be indicted* Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, in any Indictment for any Felony committed on the Boundary or Boundaries of Two or more Counties, or within the Distance of Five hundred Yards of any such Boundary or Boundaries, it shall be sufficibnt to allege that such Felony was committed in either or any of the said Counties; and every such Felony shall and may be inquired of, tried and determined in the County within which the fame Felony shall be so alleged to have been committed; and all and every Person and Persons who shall be convicted of any such Felony so to be inquired of, tried and determjped as aforesaid, shall be subject and liable to all such Pains of Death, and other Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures, as such Person or Persons so convicted of such Felony would have been subject and liable to, in case such Felony had been inquired of, tried and determined in the County in which the fame Felony was actually committed; any Law, Statute or Usage to the contrary m anywise notwithstanding.

CAP. XCVII.

An Act to extend the Provisions of an Act made in the Forty sixth Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for the more speedy Trial of Offences committed in dislant Parts upon the Seas, to the Trial of Offences committed in Africa against the Laws for abollftiing the Slave Trade.

[12th July 1819.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Forty sixth Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for 4 W the more speedy Trial of Offences committed in dislant Parts upon the Stas, it is enacted, that all Treasons,

Piracies, Felonies, Robberies, Murders, Conspiracies and other Offences of what Nature or Kind soever,

committed upon the Sea, or in any Haven, River, Creek or Place where the Admirals or Admiral have Power, Authority or Jurisdiction, may be inquired of, heard, determined and adjudged according to the Common Course of the Laws of this Realm uled for Offences committed upon the Land within, this Realm,

and not otherwise, in any of His Majesty's Islands, Plantations, Colonies, Dominions, Forts or Factories,

under and by virtue of the King?s Commission or Commissioners under the Great Seal of Great Britain, to be directed to any such Four or more discreet Persons as the Lord Chancellor of Great Britain, Lord Keeper or Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal of Great Britain for the time being, shall from time to time think fit to appoint; and that the said Commissioners or any Three of them shall have such and the like Powers and Authorities for the Trial of all such Murders, Treasons, Piracies, Felonies, Conspiracies and other Offences, within any such Islands, Plantations, Colonies, Dominions, Forts or Factories, as any Commissioners appointed or to be appointed according to the Directions of the Statute of the Twenty eighth

Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, by any Law or Laws now in force, have or w ould have for the Trial of the said Offences within this Realm: And Whereas by an Act made in the Fifty first Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for rendering more ejffedual an Act made in the Forty seventh Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for the Abolition of the Slave Trade, the carrying away or Removing from any Part of Africa of any Person or Persons whatsoever as a Slave or Slaves, and the wilfully shipping, em barking, receiving, detaining or confining on board any Ship, Vessel or Boat, any Person or Persons for the purpose of his or their being so carried away or removed, and divers other Offences against that'Act and other Acts for abolishing the Slave Trade, are declared respectively to be Felonies and Misdemeanors, and the Offenders, their Aiders and Abettors, are respectively made liable to such Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures, as are therein mentioned and provided; but the Provisions thereby made for the Trial of such Felonies and Misdemeanors, when committed by British Subjects m Africa, have been found to be inconvenient and ineffectual: And Whereas by an Act made in the Fifty eighth Year of His Majesty's Reign,

intituled An Act to expldin and amend an Act passed in the Fifty frjl Year of His Majesty's Reign, for rendering more effectual an Act made in the Forty seventh Year of His Majesty's Reign, for the Abolition of the Slave Trade,

4 it is enacted, that all Offences declared by the said Act of the Fifty first Year of His Majesty's Reign to be Felonies or Misdemeanors, committed or which shall be committed on the High Seas, or in any Port, Sea,

Creek or Place where the Admiral has Jurisdiction, may be inquired of, tried and determined under and by virtue of any Commission already issued, or here&fter to be issued, according to the Directions of the said recited Act of the Forty sixth Year of His Majesty's Reign: And Whereas Offences which by the said recited Act of the Fifty first Year of His Majesty's Reign, are declared to be Felonies or Milaemeanors, have been or* may be committed by British Subjects in Africa, either on Shore or in Rivers, or other Places where the Admiral has no Jurisdiction, and it may be impossible in .such Cases to bring the Offenders to Justice under any of the said recited Acts, or any other Laws now in being, without great Inconvenience, Expence and Delay; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That each and every Offence declared by the said Act of the Fifty first Year of His Majesty's Reign to be a Felony or Misdemeanor, committed or which shall be committed by any Subject or Subjects of His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, in Africa, or in any of she Rivers, Ports or Harbours thereof, not being a Place where the Admiral has Jurisdiction, and not being within the Local

Jurisdiction

A.D. 1819. 59° GEORGII III. C. 97, 98. 957

Jurisdiction of any Ordinary Court of a British Colony or Settlement in Africa competent to try such Offence, of an Admiral, may be inquired of, tried and determined under and by virtue of any Commission already issued, or hereafter to &.c* may* be issued, according to the Directions of the said recited Act of the Forty sixth Year of His Majesty's Reign. tned Cam"

mission, agreeably to 46 G. 3.

c. 54.

CAP. XCVIII.

An Act to limit the Continuance of the Operation of the several Acts for imposing Fines upon Town-lands and Places in Ireland, in respect of Offences relating to the unlawful Distillation of Spirits; and to amend the said Acts; and to provide for the more effectual Prevention or Suppression of such Offences.

[12th July 1819.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the Continuance of the Operation of the several Acts for imposing

Fines upon Townlands and Places in Ireland, in respect of the unlawful Distillation of Spirits, should

bd limited, and that the said Acts should be amended; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That an Act made in the Fifty fourth Year S4 G, 3. c. 150.

of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to consolidate and amend the Regulations contained in several

A3s of Parliament for imposing and levying of Fines upon Parishes, Townlands and other Places, in ref pc 3 of the

unlawful Distillation of Spirits in Ireland; and also so much of an Act made in the Fifty fifth Year of His 55 G. 3. c.ia.

present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to amend several A3s relating to Fines in respect of unlawful Distillation $ 1'

in Ireland, to the warehousing of Spirits, and to the securing the Duties of Excise on Spirits distilled, and on Hides

and Skins tanned in Ireland, as relates to Fines upon Townlands and Places in Ireland; and also so much of an Act made in the said Fifty fifth Year, intituled An Act to amend the Lawsfor imposing and levying f Fines 55 G. 3. c. xji.

in respect of unlawful Distillation of Spirits in Ireland, as relates to Fines on Townlands and Places in Ireland;

and also so much of an Act made in the Fifty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to 56 G. 3. c. no.

make certain Provisions for modifying the several A3s for imposing and levying of Fines in respect of unlawful $ 3*

Distillation of Spirits in Ireland, as relates to Fines on Townlands and Places in Ireland, shall continue in force continued as in the several Counties, Counties of Cities and Counties of Towns in Ireland, until and upon the last Day of h.ere"| men* the several Summer Assizes respectively, in the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty, and no longer; uoned> and that from and after the last Day of the said Summer Assizes respectively, all and every the Clauses and Provisions in the said recited Acts, relating to Fines on Townlands and Places in Ireland, shall cease and and then to determine, except in Cases herein after provided for, and except so far as relates to the levying, recovering, applying, mitigating, paying and accounting for such Fines as shall have been imposed under the said recited Acts, at any time before the End of the said Summer Assizes; which Fines shall and may be levied, recovered, applied, mitigated, paid and accounted for, according to the Powers and Directions of the said recited Acts, or any of them, but subject to the Provisions of this Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act it shall not be lawful for the Fines in re-Court or Judge at any Assizes for any County or County of a City or Town in Ireland, or at any presenting spectof Heads Term in the County or County of the City of Dublin, to fine any Parish, Townland, District, Division or

Place whatever in Ireland, in any Sum of Money or Penalty for or in respect of any Head or Worm only, or Stijk^ repealed-any Head and Worm only of a Still being found in any Parish, Townland, Manor, Lordship or Place whatever, within such County, or County of a City or Town, any thing in the said recited Act made in the Fifty notwithstand-fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, or in any Act for amending the Laws for imposing and in84 G# 3* levying of such Fines, or in any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland, to the contrary notwithstanding; and c' I*°9 that all and every the Provisions in the said recited Act of the Fifty fourth Year aforesaid, and in any other The said Act Act or Acts in force in Ireland, contained with respect to any Information concerning the finding any such 54 G. 3. c. 150. Head or Worm or Head and Worm of any unlicensed Still, so far as relates to the imposing or levying of any Fine or Fines on any Parish, Townland, District or Division, on such Account only, shall from and after the herein men-passing of this Act be and the same are hereby repealed. tioned.

III. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act it shall and may be lawful for Commissioners the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, from time to time to direct, that the Whole of any of Excise and Fines which may at any time before the passing of this Act have been imposed on any Parish, Townland or Taxes, may District, (other than such Fines in respect of Heads or Worms of Stills which are by this Act repealed, ) or p^t °* of any such Fines as may hereafter be imposed on any Townland or District, in respect of the unlawful (Exception^or Distillation of Spirits, under the several Acts in force in Ireland for the Suppression of illicit Distillation, ot* suspend L^y that any Part or Proportion only of such Fines, may be from time to time levied on the Parishes, Townlands thereof

or Districts on which such Fines (except as aforesaid) shall have been or shall be imposed, or that the levying of any such Fines, or any Part thereof, may be suspended; and that the levying of such Fines, or any Part thereof, or the Suspension of such Levy, shall take place at such times and in such manner, and under such Rules and Regulations, as the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes shall think fit to make in that behalf, subject to such Orders and Directions as shall be from time to time given or made by the Lord High Subject to Treasurer, or the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and 5?*

Ireland, or any Three of them. Treasury.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Fine or Fines which at any time before the passing of this Fines not to be

Act shall have been imposed, or which at any time after the passing of this Act shall be imposed, on any Parish, 1 1

levied after Three Years,

Townland, District or Place, under the said recited Act, or any Act or Acts for the Suppression of illicit and Fines Distillation in Ireland, nor any Part thereof, shall be levied off any such Parish, Townland, District or Place, at levied within any time after the Expiration of Three Years next after the last Day of the Assizes or presenting Term at Three Years 59 Geo. III. 6 G which remitted.

558 C. 98.

59° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1819.

Persons convicted of certain Offences declared Misdemeanors by former Acts,

punished by Fine*or Imprisonment, in Discretion of the Court;

notwithstanding 5a G. 3. c. 97. 55 G. 3. c. 151.

Proclamation may be made by Lord Lieutenant that an extraordinary Establishment of Police for preventing illicit Distillation is required; and thereupon a Chief Magistrate shall be appointed.

[Proviso.]

One or Two. Chief Magistrates may be appointed for Two adjoining Counties or Parts thereof;

which such Fines shall have been or shall be respectively imposed, any thing in this Act, or in any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland, to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding; but that all such Fines, and all and every or any Part thereof which shall not be levied before the Expiration of such Term of Three Years, shall be and the same are hereby declared to be remitted, pardoned and released, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

V. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Person or Persons shall be convicted, under any Act or Acts in force in Ireland at the time of the passing of this Act, of a Misdemeanor, for the Offence of making use of any unlicensed Still, Still Head or Worm, or for distilling, or for having or keeping in his Possession any such Still, Still Head or Worm, or for making any Low Wines, Singlings or Spirits, or for brewing, making or fermenting any Worts, Wash or Pot Ale, wherewith or with intent to difl.il Low Wines, Singling* or Spirits, without having a Licence in force pursuant to Law for distilling; or for the Offence of being found passing in any Part of Ireland, knowingly and willingly having in his, her or their Custody or Possessionany Spirituous Liauors distilled in Ireland, on which all Duties payable by Law shall not have been duly paid, or for which, if the Quantity shall exceed One Gallon, a proper Permit shall not be obtained for the Removal thereof; or for the Offence of being found passing in any Part of Ireland, knowingly and willingly having in his or her Care, Custody or Poflemon, any unlicensed Still, Still Head, Worm or Appendage of a Still, (except removing from or to a Brazier's, or Maker or Mender of Stills, under a proper Permit) 5 or for the Offence of having any Malt, ground or unground, or any Corn or Grain wetted or steeped to be made into Malt, found in his, her or their Custody or Possession, mch Person not being entitled by Law to have the fame in'his, her or their Custody or Possession; or for the Offence of being found piling in any Part of Ireland, knowingly and willingly having in his, her or their Possession any Malt, ground or unground, upon which all Duties payable by Law thereon shall not have been paid, or for the Removal of which a proper Permit shall not have been granted; or for the Offence of being found passing in any Part of Ireland, knowingly and willingly having in his, her or their Custody any Corn or Grain wetted or steeped, wherewith or with intent to make the lame into Malt; in every Case of Conviction for such Offences or any of them, the Court or Judge before whom the Offender shall be convicted, shall, in lieu of any Punishment to which any such Offender is subject under any Act or Acts in force in Ireland, sentence such Offender to pay such Fine pot less than the Sum of Forty Shillings and not exceeding the Sum of One hundred Pounds, or to undergo Imprisonment for not less than One Calendar Month and not exceeding Six Calendar Months, or to inflict either or both of such Punishments as such Court or Judge shall think proper; and in case such Court or Judge shall sentence any such Offender to pay any Fine, such Court or Judge shall also sentence such Offender, in default of the Payment of such Fine, to be imprisoned for any time not less than One Calendar Month, and not exceeding Six Calendar Months, unless such Fine shall be sooner paid; any thing in an Act made in the Fifty second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to amendfeveral Acts relating to the Revenue of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland; or in the said Act made in the Fifty fifth Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to amend the Laws for imposing and levying of Fines in respect of unlawful Distillation of Spirits in Ireland, or in any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland, to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

VI. And for the better Prevention and Suppression of Offences against the Laws relating to illicit Distillation in Ireland; be it enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, by the Advice of the Privy Council of Ireland, to declare by Proclamation from time to time, when and as often as Occasion shall require, that any County, or County of a City or County of a Town in Ireland, or any one or mqre Barony or Baronies, or Half Barony or Half Baronies, in such County at large, or any Part or Parts or District or Districts of any such County, or County of a City or County of a Town respectively, to be specified in such Proclamation, is or are in such State with respect to the Prevalence of Offences against any Laws for the Suppression or Prevention of illicit Distillation, as to require an extraordinary Establishment of Police; and thereupon it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, by Warrant under Hand and Seal, to appoint one Chief Magistrate for the purposes of this Act, for such County, or County of a City or County of a Town, or for any one or more Barony or Baronies, or Half Barony or Baronies, or Part or Parts or District or Districts, of or in any such County, or County of a City or County of a Town, which may require such Establishment, so that there shall not be more than one such Chief Magistrate for any one County, County of a City or County of a Town, and so that if there shall be more than one such Barony or Half Barony, or more than one such separate and distinct Part or District, there may be either one or more such Chief Magistrate or Magistrates, not exceeding one for each Barony or Half Barony, or separate and distinct Part or District, as shall seem best; and the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, shall have full Power from time to time to remove any such Chief Magistrate, and upon such or any Vacancy or Vacancies, to appoint one or more Chief Magistrate or Magistrates, either according to the fame Arrangement, or to any other which the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, shall think proper to make as aforesaid.

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That whenever it shall happen that the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or (governors of Ireland, and the Privy Council, shall by any Proclamation or Proclamations declare any Two adjoining Counties, whether One of them be a County of a City or County of a Town or not, or any Districts situate in such Counties respectively, to require an extraordinary Establishment of Police under this Act, for the Prevention-or Suppression of Offences relating to illicit Distillation, it shall and may be lawfi^) to and for the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the thtae being, -in his or their Discretion, to appoint in manner hereinbefore mentioned, either One or Two Persons to be-Chiqf Magistrate or Chief Magistrates for such adjoining Counties or Districts, or in and for each of1 such

Ctomtie*

A.D. 1819. 59° GEORGII III. C. 98.

Counties or District* respectively, as to such Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors shall feemmost fitting and expedient; and incase only one such Chief Magistrate shall be appointed for such aborning Counties or Districts, it shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, from time to time to appoint in which of such Counties such Chief Magistrate shall reside.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That every Chief Magistrate who shall be appointed under this Act, shall, before he shall proceed to act in the Execution of this Act, take the Oath required to be taken by Justices of the Peace in Ireland, before any Justice of the Peace of any County, County of a City or County of a Town, for which or for any Part 01 which he shall be appointed Chief Magistrate as aforesaid, which Oath such Justice of the Peace is hereby authorised and required to administer; and on being so duly sworn, such Chief Magistrate shall be, to all Intents and Purposes, a Justice of the Peace in and for each County, County of a City or County of a Town, for the Purposes of this Act, for which or for any Part of which he shall be so appointed, and in and for each and every County, County of a City and County of a Town adjoining to such County, County of a City or County of a Town, for which or for any Part of which such Magistrate shall be so appointed; and every such Chief Magistrate appointed under this Act, shall be constantly resident and present in the County, or in one of the Counties for which he shall be so appointed, according to the Directions of the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland; save and except when he shall be authorised by the Permission of such Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors for the time being, to depart therefrom.

IX. And be it further enacted, That every such Chief Magistrate, while he shall hold the said Office, shall have and receive a Salary not exceeding Five hundred Pounds Sterling by the Year, and rateably for any lefTer Period, and shall have a suitable House, Furniture and Outhouses within the County or Place for which he shall be so appointed Chief Magistrate, and in or adjoining to such House a suitable and proper Office for the Discharge of his Business, the fame respectively to be paid and provided in manner herein after mentioned 5 and such House, Out Offices and Office of Business to be such as the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being shall direct and approve.

X. And be it further enacted, That each and every Justice of the Peace resident in the County, County of a City of County or a Town wherein such Chief Magistrate shall be so appointed, shall be aiding and assisting for the Purposes of this Act, in such their Capacity of Justice of the Peace, to such Chief Magistrate; and every such Justice of the Peace shall, during the Residence of such Chief Magistrate, deliver or cause to be delivered to such Chief Magistrate, as speedily as the Nature of each Case shall admit. Notices setting forth the Particulars of all and every Examination, Information or Intelligence which he shall take or receive concerning any Offence against any Act or Acts for the suppressing of illicit Distillation committed or intended to be committed within the County, County of a City, County of a Town or District, for which such Chief Magistrate shall be so appointed.

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, to appoint, for the Aid and Support of every such Chief Magistrate, and to remove, at his or their Pleasure, such and so many Chief Constables and Sub Constables as such Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors shall think proper; provided always, that there shall not in any Case be more than One such Chief Constable, nor more than Fifty such Sub Constables, for any one Barony or Half Barony, or for any County of a City, or County of a Town, or for any District of less Extent than any Barony or Half Barony of the County in which any such District may be situate; and that there may be any such lesser Number as to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors for the time being may seem necessary and proper from time to time; and it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, also to order such Arms and Accoutrements, Saddles and Bridles, to be delivered from His Majesty's Stores to such Chief and Sub Constables, and also to order such Horses for the fame, to be purchased and provided for such Chief and Sub Constables or any of them, as Occasion may require, and as such Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors shall think proper; and every such Chief Constable and all such Sub Constables shall attend such Chief Magistrate, and shall obey and execute his lawful Warrants, Orders and Commands in the Execution of this Act, and shall not attend any other Magistrate or Magistrates of any such County, unless by the express Orders of such Chief Magistrate; and it shall be lawful for every such Chief Constable and Sub Constable, and every such Chief Constable and Sub Constable are hereby authorised and empowered to take and apprehend all Offenders against any Acts in force for the Suppression of illicit Distillation, and to seize, take and carry away or destroy all Stills and Parts of Stills, Worms, Utensils for distilling Wash, Pot Ale, Low Wines and Singlings, and all Corn, Malt and Spirits liable to Seizure and Forfeiture, under any Act or Acts for the Suppression or Prevention of illicit Distillation, and to do all other lawful Matters and Things for the Prevention and Suppression of illicit Distillation, and for the Apprehension and Punishment of such Offenders, as shall from time to time be directed and required by such Chief Magistrate.

XII. And be it further enacted, That every Chief Constable and Sub Constable who shall be appointed under this Act, shall, before he shall do any Act in his said Office, take and subscribe the Oath following:

J j4. B. do swear, That I will well and truly serve our Sovereign Lord the King, in the Office of

1 Constable, in the County [or Counties, as the case may be] of for the Suppression

( and Prevention of Offences relating to illicit Distillation, without Favour or Affection, Malice or Evil

Will; and that I will well and truly execute, according to Law, all Warrants and Precepts to me directed

from Cm D. Chief Magistrate of the said County [or Counties, as the case may he] or from any other Person who may be appointed such Chief Magistrate for the said County [or, for the said Counties, as the

6 G 2*case

959

if but One, Lord Lieutenant may appoint residence.

Magistrate before acting to be sworn before a Justice;

and to be resident.

Salary to Chief Magistrate of 5ocI. a Year, and a House, &c.

Resident Justices to be aiding the Chief Magistrate, and to deliver in Examinations, &c.

Lord Lieutenant to appoint, See, for Support of Chief Magistrate a Chief Constable, and not more than 50 Sub Constables in each District.

Arms, &c. for Constables.

Duty of Chief and Sub Constables.

Oath of Chief and Sub Constable;

960

to be administered by and subscribed in Presence of Chief Magistrate.

Chief and Sub Constables to be resident.

Salary to Chief Constable 1501. and to Sub Constables 50l. a Year.

Chief Magistrate to return Monthly to Lord Lieutenant a State of the County for which he shall be appointed, and of Seizures, &c.

No Fines in respect of illicit Distillation to be imposed on Townlands where such Magistrates shall be appointed.

J4 G. 3. c. 150.

Grand Jury may make and sign Representation to the Lord Lieutenant when any County is in such a State as to require its being put under Fines who shall thereupon declare that such Fines are imposed;

and thereupon the said Acts (Exception) to continue in force.

C. 98.

59° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1819.

case may be-] in the Place and Stead of the said C.D. 5 and I will well and truly, according to my Power,

Knowledge and Ability, do and execute all other things belonging-to the Office of a Constable appointed

to assist such Chief Magistrate, so long as I shall continue in the said Office.*

And every such Oath shall be administered by and subscribed in the Presence of the Chief Magistrate, under whose Orders such Chief Constable or Sub Constable shall be placed, which Chief Magistrate is hereby authorised and required to administer and attest the fame; and thereupon every such Chief Constable and Sub Constable shall have all the Powers of a Constable, and be to all Intents and Purposes a Constable of and in the County, County of a City or Town, and of and in each and every County, if more than one, for which or for any Part of which such Chief Constable or Sub Constable shall have been so appointed, and in and for each and every County, County of a City and County of a Town adjoining to such County, County of a City or County, of a Town, for which or for any Part of which such Chief Constable or Sub Constable shall be so appointed; and every such Chief Constable and Sub Constable shall be constantly resident and present in the County, or one of the Counties, in or for either of which' he shall be so appointed, according to the Direction of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, save and except when he shall be authorised, by the Permission of such Chief Magistrate, to depart therefrom.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That there shall be paid to every such Chief Constable a Salary not exceeding One hundred and fifty Pounds by the Year, and to every such Sub Constable a Salary not exceeding Fifty Pounds by the Year, and rateably to each and every of the said Persons foi any lesser Period, m manner herein after mentioned 5 and they shall have suitable Lodgings provided for them in case the same shall be thought necessary, and shall be directed by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That every such Chief Magistrate shall, once in every Calendar Month, and oftener if necessary, make a Return in Writing, signed by himself, to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being; and in such Return there shall be set forth a true and accurate Account of the State of the County, County of a City or Town, Bardny, Half Barony, District or Place for which such Chief Magistrate shall be so appointed, .with respect to the State of illicit: Distillation therein; and of all Seizures made of any Still or Part of a Still, Worm or other Utensil for distilling, or of any Wafti, Pot Ale, Low Wines or Singlings, or Malt, Corn or Spirits, and of the Apprehension

of any Offenders, and of all other Measures taken by him, or with his Knowledge or Privity, for or towards the Prevention or Suppression of illicit Distillation there, and of the Conduct of the Chief and Sub Constable* under his Orders, and of all other Matters and Things which may contribute to the Prevention or Suppression of illicit Distillation as aforesaid.

XV. And be it further enacted, That whenever a Chief Magistrate of Police shall be appointed for any County, County of a City or County of a Town, Barony or Half Barony or other District, under the Authority and for the Purposes of this Act, no Fine shall be incurred by or imposed on any Townland or Place within such County, County of a City or County of a Town, Barony, Half Barony or District, for or in respect of any Offence against any Act or Acts in force in Ireland for the Suppression of illicit Distillation, which mail be committed in such Townland or Place during such time as such Chief Magistrate shall be appointed and act for the County, County of a City or Town, Barony, Half Barony or other District within which such Townland or Place shall be situate; any thing in the hereinbefore recited Act of the Fifty fourth Year of His Majesty's Reign, or in any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Grand Jury of every County, County of a City and County of a Town in Ireland, from time to time at any Assizes or presenting Term after the passing of this Act, and either before, at or after the Summer Assizes which shall be in the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty, or the major Part of such Grand Jury, such major Part not being less than Twelve in Number, upon Consideration of the State of such County, County of a City or Town, with respect to the Prevalence of illicit Distillation therein, or in any Barony, Half Barony or other District thereof, to make a Representation in Writing, ligned with their Names, to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, that such County, County of a City or County of a Town, or any Barony, Half Barony or other District therein to be specified in such Representation, is in such a State as to render it expedient that the Townlands or other Places therein Should be subject and liable to the Imposition of Fines in respect of Offences against the Laws in force for the Suppression or Prevention of illicit Distillation, for such Period as shall be specified in such Representation; ana it shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, by the Advice of the Privy Council of Ireland, upon such Representation, to declare by Proclamation, that from and after any Day to be mentioned in such Proclamation, such Fines as are imposed and made payable under the Authority of the several hereinbefore recited Acts of the Fifty fourth, Fifty fifth, and Fifty sixth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, shall be incurred by and imposed and levied on any Townland or Place within such County, County of a City or County of a Town, Barony, Half Barony or District, as shall be specified in such Representation, for or in respect of any Offence against any Act or Acts in force in Ireland for the Suppression of illicit Distillation which shall be committed in such Townland or Place after the Day so mentioned in such Proclamation, and during such Period as shall be mentioned in such Proclamation, not exceeding the Period mentioned in such Representation; and the several Provisions of the said several hereinbefore recited Acts, (except as repealed by this Act, ) shall thereupon be and remain and continue in force, and be revived and have Effect against such Townlands and Places during the Period mentioned in such Proclamation; any thing in this Act contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

A.D. 1819. 59° GEORGII III. C. 98. 961

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Grand Jury, at any Representation Assizes or presenting Term, in like manner to make a Representation to the Lord Lieutenant, or other be made Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, that the State of any County, County of a City or County of a f*or ahorteiiin* Town, or any Barony or Half Barony thereof, or Didrift therein, which shall by such Proclamation have tjme 0£ been made subject to such Fines, is such as to render it expedient that the Period specified in such such Fines. Proclamation should be shortened, and should cease and determine at any Day to be mentioned in such Representation, or that the Didrift specified in such Proclamation should be diminished, as the Case may to

such Grand Jury appear to require; and the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Lord Lieuto-Ireland shall thereupon declare, by Proclamation, that such Period shall ce^fe and determine on the Day nant may mentioned in such Representation, or that such Didrift shall be diminidied according to such Representation; and thereupon all and every the Clauses and Provisions in the said recited Acts of the Fifty fourth, Fifty cease. fifth, and Fifty sixth Years aforesaid, relating to such Fines, shall cease and determine, except only so far as relates to the levying, recovering or applying, mitigating, paying and accounting for such Fines as shall during such Period have been imposed under the said recited Acts, which Fines shall and may be levied, recovered, applied, mitigated, paid and accounted for according to the Powers and Directions of the said recited Acts, or any of them, and of this Act.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever, in consequence of any Representation of any Grand While Town-Jury any such Proclamation shall be issued, whereby any Townland or Place within any County, County of land> under a City or County of a Town, or within any Barony or Half Barony thereof, or District therein, shall be subject to the Imposition of such Fines in manner aforesaid, it shall not be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or Magbtrate, &c. other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, to appoint any Chief Magistrate or Chief Constable or to be appointed. Sub Constable under the Authority of this Act, nor for any Chief Magistrate or Chief Constable or Sub nor to act under Constable to act or continue to act within such County, County of a City, County of a Town, Barony, Act;

Half Barony or District so proclaimed, during the time that the Townlands or Places within the same shall be so subject to the Imposition of such Fines, any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary notwith-

standing; and in case any Chief Magistrate, Chief Constable or Sub Constable shall have been previously and if previ-

appointed under the Authority of this Act in such County, County of a City or County of a Town, ouslyappointed,

Barony or Half Barony, or District, the Office of all and everj Chief Magistrate, Chief Constable and "

Sub Constable therein, shall cease and determine, and every such Chief Magistrate, Chief Constable and cease

Sub Constable respectively, shall forthwith cease to hold and exercise such Office therein.

XIX. Provided also, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Lieutenant, Lord Lieute-or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, for the time being, by the Advice of the Privy Council nant may de" of Ireland, to declare by Proclamation, that any County, County of a City or County of a Town, 'or cJare ^7 ^>ro" any Barony or Half Barony or District, in which a Chief Magistrate and an Establishment of Police shall a^J^ounty iT* be resident and acting for the Purposes of this Act, is restored to gdod Order, so as not to require the restored to good Continuance of the Establishment of such Police; and that such Establishment shall be discontinued accordingly, Order.

from and after any Day to be mentioned in such Proclamation.

XX. And be it further enacted, That whenever any such Proclamation for the Discontinuance of such After such Pro-jrolice Establishment, in either of the Cases hereinbefore mentioned, shall extend to the whole County, or to all such Part or Parts thereof as had been subject to such Establishment of Police, then and from ^»ase to thenceforth the Office of all and every such Chief Magistrate, Chief Constable and Sub Constable therein, act, &c.; shall cease and determine, and every such Chief Magistrate, Chief Constable and Sub Constable therein, shall forthwith cease to hold and exercise such Office respectively; but if any Part or District shall remain in a but if any Part State to require the Continuance of such Establishment of Police, then and from thenceforth every such Chief Magistrate, and each and every such Chief Constable and Sub Constable under the Authority of such to

Chief Magistrate, shall continue to act for such Part or District, unless it shall be otherwise ordered by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being: Provided always* Lord Lieute* that it shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time nant may leaBCn being, to reduce the Number of Sub Constables in any such proclaimed District, from-time to time, at any time whatever, when and as to him or them shall seem fitting and expedient.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Money to be

Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland fer the time being, to order such Sum or Sums of Money as he or advanced out of they shall think proper, to be advanced and paid out of the Produce of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland arising in Ireland, for the Payment of the several Salaries and frying Salaries the Proportions thereof, or Allowances hereinbefore directed to be paid and given to the several Chief and other Magistrates, Chief Constables arid Sub Constables, and of all Rate3 and Taxes, and of all other Costs and Charges. Charges of the Houses and Appurtenances to be provided for such Chief Magistrate as aforesaid, and for purchasing and providing any Horses with their Saddles and Bridles which Occasion may require, or which shall or may be found necessary for the several Chief Constables and Sub Constables, and for all other reasonable and necessary Costs, Charges and Expences of the several Establishments under this Act, at such times and in such* manner, and in such Proportion between Two adjoining Counties under the fame Chief Magistrate, and under any such Rules and Regulations, as such Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors, or his or their Chief Secretary, shall from time to time order and direct.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That upon the Production to the Grand Jury at any Assizes or Half of Sum presenting Term, for any County, County of a City or County of a Town in Ireland, of the Certificate of the Chief Secretary for the time being of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Yvmdto bo Ireland, or of his or their Under Secretary for Civil Affairs, of the Amount of Money advanced and paid kried on

out

County or Baronins.

Application

thereof.

Where Doubts arise on Proclamation, &c. common Reputation to be Evidence. When good Order is restored, Arms, &c. to be delivered up by Chief and Sub Constables, &c. How Constables* Horses in .such Case disposed of.

Constables not delivering up Arms, Ac*

Penalty act Irish Currency*

37 O.3.C. 51.

(*>

3* c. 45.

43 G. 3-C-44-

44 G. 3. c. ax. 54 O. 3. 0.130. <5 G. 3. c. 41. 5$ G. 3. c. 48. 5& G. 3. c. 60. cw 14, ante*

37 G. 3. c. 51. (I.) as amended t43 G. 3.

e* 44* and

59 G. 3- c.a*

continued.

C. 98, 99. 59° GEORGII III. A.D. 1819.

out of the Consolidated Fund, by order of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors, for Expences incurred in carrying this Act into Effect in any such County, County of a City or County of a Town, or in any Part or Parts thereof respectively, according to such Proportion as shall be specified in such Certificate, it mall be lawful for such Grand Jury and they are hereby required to present, to be raised off such County, County of a City or County of a Town, if the whole thereof shall have been proclaimed under this Act, or otherwise off the Barony or Baronies, Half Barony or Half Baronies, or District or Districts which shall have been so proclaimed, and within which this Act shall have been carried into Execution, the Amount of One half of the Sum mentioned in such Certificate; #and the Ajnount of such Sum shall, when raised, be paid by the Treasurer of such County, County of a City or County of a Town to the Collector of Excise for the District, to be by him applied in like manner as any other Public Money in his Hands; and no other Presentment shall be fiated by the Judge or Court at such Assizes, until such Presentment shall have first been made by the Grand Jury thereat.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That if on any Occasion, or in any Court of Law or Equity, Civil or Criminal, any Question shall arise concerning any Proclamation under this Act, or the Appointment or Qualification of any Chief Magistrate or other Officer, common Reputation shall be deemed, taken and received as sufficient Evidence of every such Matter, unless by contrary Evidence a reasonable Doubt shall be raised as to the Truth of such Reputation.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That when and as soon as any County, County of a City, County of a Town, Barony, Half Barony or District shall be declared to be restored to good Order as aforesaid, all and every the Arms and Accoutrements, Saddles and Bridles, which shall have been delivered to such Chief Constables or Sub Constables, and as shall thenbe remaining, shall be forthwith delivered into His Majesty's Military Stores, to be preserved for future Use, or to such Person or Persons, and at such time and Place, and to be kept and disposed of in other Places for the Purposes of this Act, in such manner as the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland for the time being shall direct or appoint; and that all Horses which may have been found necessary to be provided for the Chief Constable or Sub Constable, shall either be sold at such Time and Place as the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland for the time being shall direct, and the Produce thereof paid to the Treasurer of the County, to be applied to the County Charge, or such Horses shall be disposed of in such other manner, for the Purposes of this Act, as such Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors shall direct.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person who shall be appointed a Chief Constable or Sub Constable under this Act, shall not within One Week after he shall ceale to hold such Office, deliver over any Arms and Accoutrements, Horse, Saddle or Bridle supplied to him under this Act, to his Successor in such Office, if such. there shall be, and if not, then to such Person and at such Time and Place as shall be directed by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being; every such Person so offending shall, for such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds Irish Currency, to be recovered by Civil Bill, in the Court of proper Jurisdiction, by any Person who shall sue for the same.

CAP. XCIX.

An Act to continue, until the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty three, the Restrictions on Payments in Cash by the Bank of Ireland, and to direct the gradual Resumption of Cash Payments by the said Bank.

[12th July 1819.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Thirty seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for confirming and continuing for a limited time, the Refiridions contained in the Minute of Council of the Second Day of March One thousand seven hundred and ninety seven, on Payments in Cash by the.Bank; and by an Act made in the Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in the Forty second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, the said recited Act of the ParHa-

ment of Ireland, of the Thirty seventh Year aforesaid, was further continued; and by an Act made in the Forty third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, the said recited Act of the Parliament of Ireland, of the Thirty seventh Year aforesaid, was further continued, and was also amended; and by several Acts, passed in the Forty fourth, Fifty fourth. Fifty fifth, Fifty sixth and Fifty eighth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, the said recited Act of the Parliament of Ireland, of the Thirty seventh Year of His Majesty's Reign, and the said recited Act of the Forty third Year, amending the lame, have been further continued,

and are now in force: And Whereas an Act was passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled An

4 A3 to refrain, until the End of the present Scjfon of Parliament, the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland from making Payments in the Gold Coin of the Realm, under certain Notices given by them: And Whereas it is expedient that the Restrictions on Payment in Cash by the said Bank should be continued beyond the time to which such Restrictions are at present limited, and that a definite Period should be fixed for the termination of such Restrictions, and that preparatory Measures should be taken with a View to facilitate and insure, on the Arrival of that Period, the Payment of the Promissory Notes of the Bank of Ireland in the legal Coin of the Realm; 9 Bo it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said hereinbefore recited Act of the Parliament of Ireland of the Thirty seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, as the fame is amended by the said Act of the Forty third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for continuing and amending the fante, and also the said hereinbefore recited Act of this present Session of Parliament, and each and every of the said Acts, shall be, and the fame and every of them is and are hereby further continued, and shall have Continuance until the First Day

A.D. 1819. 59° GEORGII III.

C.

99*

9^3

Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty three; and that from and after the said First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty three, the Restrictions on Payments in Cash under the said several Act a shall finally cease and determine.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That at any time on or after the Fifth Day of April One thousand Between eight hundred and twenty, and before the First Day of November One thousand eight hundred and twenty,

whenever any Person shall tender to the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, any Note or Notdsg2C^of the said Governor and Company payable on demand, to an Amount not less than the Price or Value of pay standard Sixty Ouncea of Gold, calculated after the Rate of Four Pounds One Shilling British Currency, at an Ex- Gold for Notes change at Par, for every Ounce of Gold, and shall require such Note or Notes to be paid in Standard Gold, tendered to an the Governor and Company of the said Bank of Ireland shall, upon demand, pay and deliver to the Person tendering such Notes, such Quantity of Gold, of the Fineness declared by Law to be the Standard of and for after the lawful Gold Coin of the Realm, the fame having been first allayed and damped at the Assay Office in Rate of Dublin, or at His Majesty's Mint in London, as shall at the said Rate of Four Pounds One Shitting British 4l. is. British Currency, at an Exchange at Par, for every Ounce of such Gold, be equal to the Amount of the Notes so per oz. presented for Payment.

III. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That at any time on of after the First Day of November One Between

thousand eight hundred and twenty, and before the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and Nov. 1, 182c, twenty one, whenever any Person shall tender to the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, any '

Note or Notes of the said Governor and Company payable on demand, to an Amount not less than the Price Payments shall or Value of Sixty Ounces of Gold, calculated after the Rate of Three Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Six- be made in pence British Currency, at an Exchange at Par, for every Ounce of Gold, and shall require such Note or Gold after the Notes to be paid in Standard Gold, the Governor and Company of the said Bank of Ireland shall, upon R* demand, pay and deliver to the Person tendering such Notes, such Quantity of Gold, of the Fineness

declared by Law to be the Standard of and for the lawful Gold Coin of the Realm, the fame having been* n 1 perox* first allayed and damped at the Assay Office in Dublin, or at His Majesty's Mint in London, as shall at the said

Rate of Three Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Sixpence British Currency, at an Exchange at Par, for every Ounce, be equafto the Amount of the Notes so presented for Paynrfent.

IV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That at any time on or after the First Day of June One thou- Between sand eight hundred and twenty one, and before the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and ^une x» twenty three, whenever any Person shall tender to the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland> any "2 ^such* Note or Notes of the said Governor and Company payable on demand, to an Amount not less than the Price payments shall or Value of Sixty Ounces of Gold, calculated after the Rate of Three Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Ten be made in pence Halfpenny British Currency, at an Exchange at Par, for every Ounce of Gold, and shall require such Gold calcu-Note or Notes to be paid in Standard Gold, the Governor and Company of the said Bank of Ireland shall, latC(* a*ter upon demand, pay and deliver to the Person tendering such Notes, such. Quantity of Gold, of the Fineness ^ate declared by Law to be the Standard of and for the lawful Gold Coin of the Realm, the fame having been first British peroL allayed and damped at the Assay Office in Dublin, or at His Majesty's Mint in London, as shall at the said

- Rate of Three Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Ten pence Halfpenny British Currency, at an Exchange at Par, for every Ounce of such Gold, be equal to the Amount of the Notes so presented ror payment.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Governor and Company of the said But the Bank Bank of Ireland, at any time between the said Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and twenty, between April and the said First Day of November One thousand eight hundred and twenty, to pay and deliver to any Person who shall present Notes of the Governor and Company of the said Bank, such Quantity of Gold of such Fine- anYi^twXJen°*ness as aforesaid, and assayed and damped as aforesaid, as shall be equal to the Amount of the Notes so pre- 3 fented, at any Rate less than Four Pounds One Shilling British Currency, at an Exchange at Par, and not and June r, less than Three Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Sixpence British Currency, at an Exchange at Par, for every 1821, may Ounce of such Gold; and in like manner at any time between the First Day of November One thousand eight W1 hundred and twenty, and the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, to pay and ^edoi^vintf deliver such Gold at any Rate less than Three Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Sixpence British Currency, at an Days'1"*

Exchange at Par, and not less than Three Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Ten pence Halfpenny British Cur- Notice in the' rency, at an Exchange at Par, for every Ounce of such Gold: Provided always, that the Governor and Dublin'Gazetta. Company of the said Bank of Ireland shall give Three Days Notice in the Dublin Gazette of their Intention to make such Payments after such Rates, specifying the Rates at which such Payments shall be made: Provided also, that it shall not be lawful for the Governor and Company of the said Bank of Ireland, at any time after the making such Payments at the Rates mentioned in any such Notice, to pay or deliver any such Gold at a Rate higher than the Rate mentioned in any such Notice, any thing in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland shall not Payment* not be required or compelled to pav or deliver any such Gold except in Ingots or Bars of the Weight of 10 bfe required Sixty Ounces each, assayed and stamped as aforesaid, any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary not-^withstanding.

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, if Bank may

they shall see fit, may at any time on or after the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty W in C11 two, pay or exchange the lawful Coin of the Realm for any Note or Notes of the said Governor and Company payable on demand; any Provisions in the said before recited Acts, or in this Act, to the con- une 1, 1*

trary notwithstanding.

964

Fractional Sums of less than 4O8. to be paid in Silver.

Until June r, 1823, Bank to deliver to Privy Council in Ireland Weekly Accounts of Average Amount of their Notes in Circulation;

and also a Quarterly Account to be published in the Dublin Ga-sette.

So G.J. c. 103. §47*

In default of Appointment of Chaplains by the Grand Jury, or if Chaplain do not act, Lord Lieutenant to appoint them.

Such Appointment effectual as if made by Grand Jury.

C. 99, 100. 59° GEORGII III. A.D. 1819.

VIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Governor and Company of the said Bank of Ireland to pay any Fra&ion less than Forty Shillings of any Sum so demanded above the Value of Sixty Ounces, in the lawful Silver Coin of the Realm, or in Tokens of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland shall, from time to time after the passing of this Act, and until the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty three, cause a true and perfect Account in Writing to.be taken, and attested by the proper Officer, of the average Amount of all Promissory Notes and Bills of the said Governor and Company which shall be in Circulation during every Week, from Monday till Saturday both inclusive, distinguishing die respective Denominations and Values of the several Notes and Bills, and the average Amount of the Notes and Bills of each Denomination and Value respectively so in Circulation, and to cause such Account to be transmitted and delivered to one of the Clerks of His Majesty's Privy Council in Ireland, on the Tuesday in every Week next ensuing the Saturday to which such Account shall be made up; and the Governor and Company of the said Bank of Ireland shall also from time to time, in like manner, cause an Account to be taken and attested of the average Amount of ail Promissory Notes and Bills of the said Governor and Company which shall be in Circulation, during every Quarter of a Year ending on the Fifth Day of July, the Tenth Day of 0 Sobery the Fifth Day of January, and the Fifth Day of Aprtl9 in every Year, after the passing of this Act, and until the said First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty three, distinguishing the respective Denominations and Values of the several Notes and Bills of each Denomination and Value respectively, and to cause such Quarterly Account to be published in the Dublin Gazette, within One Week next after the End of each Quarter respectively.

CAP. C.

An Act to amend an Act of the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, relating to Prisons in Ireland.

[12th July 1819.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Fiftieth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, idtituled An Act for repealing the several Lavas relating to Prisons in Ireland, and for re-ena3ing such of the Provisions thereof as have been found usefuly with Amendments, it is amongst other things enacted, that it shall and may

be lawful for each and every Grand Jury in Ireland, and they are thereby required, at any Assizes or Pre- fen ting Term, to appoint a proper and discreet Person, being duly ordained in Holy Orders, and of the 1 Established Church, to be Chaplain of the several Gaols, Bridewells, Houses of Correction, or other Prisons*

' of and in their respective Counties, Counties of Cities and Counties of Towns; and that it shall and may

be lawful for every such Grand Jury, if they shall be so required by the Court, also to appoint a proper and discreet Person, being a Protestant Dissenting Minister, to be Protestant Dissenting Chaplain thereof;

and also if they shall be To required by the Court to appoint a Priest or Clergyman of the Roman Catholic ' Church, to be Roman Catholic Chaplain: And Whereas it may happen that Grand Juries may omit to make effectual Appointments under the Directions of the said recited Act; and it is expedient to provide

for the Appointment of such Chaplains, in case of any such Omission by any Grand Jury : Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if it any time after the passing of this Act any Grand Jury at any Assizes or Presenting Term, after having been required by the Court or Judge at any such Assizes or Presenting Term to appoint a proper Person to be Chaplain, or Protestant Dissenting Chaplain, or Roman Catholic Chaplain, to any Gaol, Bridewell, House of Correction, or other Prison in their respective Counties, Counties of Cities or Counties of Towns, pursuant to the Directions of the said recited Act, shall omit to make an effectual Appointment or Appointments of such Chaplain or Chaplains respectively, before the last Day of such Assizes or Presenting Term; or in case any Chaplain nominated and appointed by such Grand Jury shall not, within One Calendar Month next after such Nomination, actually take upon him to exercise and perform, or shall not continue duly and regularly to exercise and perform the Duty to and for which he shall be so appointed by such Grand Jury; then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, to appoint a proper and discreet Person, being either a Minister of the Established Church, or a Protestant Dissenting Minister, or a Priest or Clergyman of the Roman Catholic Church, as the case shall require, to fill the Office or Offices of such Chaplain, or Protestant Dissenting Chaplain, or Roman Catholic Chaplain, to such Gaol, Bridewell, House of Correction or other Prison or Prisons; and that all and every such Chaplain and Chaplains, so appointed by such Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors, shall hold and exercise the Office or Offices of Chaplain, or Protestant Dissenting Chaplain, or Roman Catholic Chaplain, or any or either of them, as fully and effectually in all respects and to all Intents and Purposes, and with all the same Rights, Powers, Privileges and Advantages, and subject to the fame Controul and Liability of Removal, as if such Chaplain or Chaplains respectively had been appointed to such Office or Offices by the Grand Jury, according to the Direction of the said recited Act, and shall be entitled to such Salaries, to be presented by Grand Juries, to such Amount and in such manner as is directed by the said recited Act; any thing in the said recited Act or any other Act or Acts» or any Law, Usage or Custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

A.D. 1819. 59° GEORGII III.

0. IOIjI 02

9^5

CAP. Cl.

An Act to enlarge the Powers of an Act passed in the Fifty sixth Year of His present Majesty, relative to the Transportation of Offenders, to continue until the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and twenty one.

[12th July 1819.]

WHEREAS by several Acts of Parliament passed in the Twenty fourth. Fifty fifth and Fifty sixth 4 W Years of His present Majesty's Reign, His Majesty hath been empowered, by and with the Advice of His Privy Council to declare and appoint Places and Parts beyond the Seas to which Felons and other Offenders convicted before certain Courts in England and Wales, and adjudged to be*transported beyond the Seas, shall be transported: And Whereas by the said Act of the Fifty sixth Year aforesaid, intituled An Act to amend several Laws relative to the Transportation of Offenders, to continue in force until the First Day of May

One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, certain Provisions are now in force for regulating the Mode of contracting for the Transportation of such Offenders, and for transporting them, and for their temporary Confinement on board of Ships and Vessels in Rivers, or within the Limits of any Port or Harbour in England or Wales, and for the Treatment of such Offenders, and for their Punishment in case of their being found at large, without lawful Gause, before the Expiration of the Term for which they shall have been ordered to be transported: And Whereas by the Laws in force in some Parts of His Majesty's Dominions beyond England and Wales, Offenders convicted of certain Offences are liable to be punished by Transportatio/i beyond the Seas, and other Convicts adjudged to suffer Death in such Parts of His Majesty's Dominions have received or may receive His Majesty's most gracious Pardon upon Condition of

Transportation beyond the Seas, and there may be no Means of transporting such Convicts to any of the Places appointed by His Majesty in Council in that Behalf, without first bringing them to England: And Whereas such Convicts do not fall within the Provisions of the said recited Act of the Fifty sixth Year aforesaid; and it is fit that further Provision in respect thereto should be made; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That whenever any Convict adjudged to Transportation by any Court or Judge in any Part of His Majesty's Dominions beyond England and Wales, or any Convict adjudged to suffer Death by any such Court or Judge, and pardoned on Condition of Transportation, have been or shall be brought to England in order to be transported, it shall and may be lawful to imprison any such Offender in any Place of Confinement on board any Ship or Vessel provided under the Authority of the said last recited Act, until such Convict shall be transported, or by the Expiration of the Term of his Transportation, or otherwise, shall be entitled to his .Liberty; and that One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State shall appoint some Person to contract for the Transportation of such Convict, which Person shall contract accordingly, in like manner as Justices of the Peace are directed in and by the said last recited Act to contract for the Transportation of Offenders convicted within their respective Jurisdictions 5 and that so soon as every such Convict shall be imprisoned on board any such Ship or Vessel, all the Provisions, Rules, Regulations, Clauses, Authorities, Powers, Penalties, Matters and Things contained in the said recited Act of the Fifty sixth Year aforesaid, concerning the safe Custody, Confinement, Treatment and Transportation of any Offender convicted in England or Wales, and concerning the Punishment of any such Offender being found at large before the Expiration of the Term of his Transportation, shall extend and be construed to extend to every Convict who may have been or may be hereafter adjudged to Transportation by any Court or Judge in any Part of His Majesty's Dominions beyond England and Wales, and to every Convict adjudged by any such Court or Judge to suffer Death, and pardoned on condition of Transportation, and brought to England in order to be transported, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if such Convict had been convicted and sentenced at any Session of Gaol Delivery holden for any County within England,

II. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to any Conviction before any Court or Judge of those Parts of the United Kingdom called Scotland and Ireland,

III. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue and be in force until the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, and no longer.

CAP. CII.

An Act for further regulating the Appointment of Gamekeepers in Wales.

[12th July 1819.]

WHEREAS there are now several Districts and Lands, within the Principality of Wales, which are not known to be comprehended within the Boundaries of any Manors, Lordships or Royalties 5 and there are also several other Districts and Lands within the Principality, which formerly belonged to or formed Part or Parts of such Manors, Lordships or Royalties, but which have been alienated therefrom or enfranchised by the Lord or Lords for the time being of such Manors, Lordships or Royalties, and many of such Districts and Lands are very extensive: And Whereas the Owner or Owners 01 such Districts and Lands cannot, nor can any other Person or Persons appoint any Gamekeeper or other Servant to kill Game on such Lands for the Use of the Owner or Owners thereof, without subjecting such Gamekeeper or other Servant to the Penalties imposed by divers Acts of Parliament made for the Preservation of the Game; which Regulations and Enactments have tended greatly to the Encouragement of Poachers and other idle and disorderly Persons, to destroy the Game

within such Districts of the said Principality : ' For Remedy whereof, it is expedient that it be enacted: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this

59 Geo. III. 6 H present

56 G.3. c, % 7,

S*.

Convicts adjudged, by Courts out of England, to Transportation, and Convicts pardoned on Condition of Transportation, may, when brought to England, until Transportation be imprisoned on board of Ships, &c.

Secretary of State may appoint Contractor for Transportation.

Not to extend to Convictions in Scotland and Ireland.

[Continuance of Act.]

f-, 966

Persons possessing certain Property may appoint Game-keepers.

Gamekeepers not subject to Penalties under former Acts.

No Power to grant Licences to shoot in Manors, &c. unless Lands enfranchised, &c. without Licence of Owner of Manor. '

9 Airae, o. 25.

S'*

Lords, Ac* of eatansive Manors and Stewards of the Onownmay appoint Game-keepers for Districts.

Persons granting Appointments may annul same, and grant others in lieu thereof. Proviso respecting Persons killing Game, without Certificate;

and the Crown.

10 & 11 W.3.

c. 6. §4*

C. 102, 103. 59° GEORGII III. A.D. 1819.

present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the First Day of August next, it shall and may be lawful to and for all and every Persons and Person, being seised in Fee or as of Freehold, or otherwise beneficially entitled in his, her or their own Right, of and in any Lands situate and being within the said Principality, of the full and clear annual Rent of Five hundred Pounds, and not being within the Bounds of any Manor, Lordship or Royalty, or being within the Precinct or Bounds of any Manor, Lordship or Royalty, shall have been or shall be enfranchised or alienated therefrom; or to appoint by any Writing or Writings under his, her or their Hand or Hands, a Gamekeeper to preserve, or to course, hunt, shoot at or.kill Game, for the Use of the Person or Persons who shall make, such Appointment, in, over and upon such his, her or their Lands, and in, over and upon the Lands of every other Person or Persons who shall, by Licence in Writing under his, her or their Hand or Hands, authorise him, her or them to appoint a Gamekeeper or Gamekeepers, or other Servant or Servants, to preserve, course, hunt, shoot at or kiH Game in, over and upon the Lands of the Person or Persons not being within the Bounds of any Maaor, Lordship or Royalty, so granting such Licence.

II. And be it further enacted, That every such Gamekeeper having such Appointment as aforesaid, during the Continuance of such Appointment shall not be made subject or liable to any Penalties imposedby any former Statutes of this Realm, for having any Game in his or their Custody or Possession, or for coursing, hunting, shooting at or killing Game, on or upon any Lands mentioned in his or their Appointment or Appointments, and whereon the Person or Persons making such Appointment or Appointments has or have any Power, Licence or Authority to make or grant any Appointment or Appointments by virtue of this Act: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend or give, or be construed to extend or give, any Power or Authority to any Person or Persons to make or grant'any such Appointment or Appointments, Licence or Licences, to course, hunt, (hoot at or kill Game in, over or upon his, her or their Lands, situate or being within the Precinct or Boundary of any Manor, Lordship or Royalty, unless such Lands shall have been enfranchised or alienated therefrom, without the Licence or Consent in Writing of the Proprietor or Proprietors of such Manor, Lordship or Royalty, haring the Right to pursue and kill Game in, upon or over such Lands, first had and obtained; and where in any exiiting Lease or Demise, or Agreement for demifing any Lands, the Lessor or Lessors, Landlord or Landlords thereof, hath or have not reserved the Right or rower of hunting, shooting or sporting, when no such Appointment or Appointments, Licence or Licences, shall be valid, so as to authorise any such Gamekeeper or Gamekeepers, Servant or Servants, to enter upon any such Lands, to preserve, course, hunt, shoot at or kill Game thereon, without the Consent in Writing of the Person or Persons in the actual Possession of such Lands firfbhad and obtained.

III. And Whereas the Manors, Lordships and Royalties, within the said Principality, are in many*Instances extremely extendve, and comprehend very large Tracts of Country: And Whereas by an Act«pafi*ed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled An Act for making the AS of the Fifth Tear of Her Majesty's Reign, for the better Pres creation of the Game, perpetual, and for making the same more cffcSual, it is among other things enabled, that only One Gamekeeper shall be appointed to kill Game within any One Manor: And Whereas such Restriction hath, on account of the Extent of the said Manors, Lordships and Royalties, been found extremely inconvenient, and tended greatly to the Destruction of the Game within the said Principality; Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Lords and Ladies of such Manors, Lordships and Royalties, and the Stewards of the Crown for such Manors, Lordships.and Royalties as appertain to His Majesty within the said Principality, shall be, and they are hereby authorised respectively to nominate and appoint Gamekeepers for such Districts and Divisions of their respective Manors, Lordships and Royalties, as they shall think fit; and that each and every Gamekeeper, so appointed, shall have the like Powers, Privileges and Authorities within such District or Division as any Gamekeeper appointed for the whole of a Manor hath or would have by virtue of any Act now in force; Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall be construed to authorise the Appointment of more than One Gamekeeper for the fame District or Division, and that all Appointments under this Act shall be registered with the Clerk of the Peace in like manner, and be subject to all other Regulations which are enacted with respect to the Appointment of Gamekeepers of Manors by, any Act now in force.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for all and every Persons and Person, who shall or may grant or make any Appointment or Appointments, Licence or Licences, by virtue of this Act, to revoke, annul or render void all and every such Consent, Appointments and Appointment, Licences and Licence, and to grant or make other Consent or Contents, Appointments or Licences in lieu thereof, as often as to him, her or them, shall seem proper.

V. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend the Protection of this A A, to any Person or Persons killing Game without a Certificate taken out or purchased, accordingc* the Provisions of the Act now in force respecting Game Certificates, or in any manner to affect the Rights x>f His Majesty or His Successors, or of any other Person or Persons, in, to or over any Manor, Lordship or Royalty, within the said Principality.

CAP. CUT.

An Act to repeal so much of Two Acts as require certain Accounts to be laid before Parliament* and to amend an Act of the Twenty sixth Year of His present Majesty, relative to laying an Account before Parliament. [iath July 18(9.]

WHEREAS* by an Act passed in the Tenth >and. Eleventh Years of the Reign of His Majesty King William the Third, intituled. .An. AS Jo enlarge the Trade to Raffia, it is enacted, that the Oommil-

boners of His Majesty's Customs shall at'every Session of Parliament lay before both Houses a true

Account

e

A.D. 1819. 59° GEORGII III. C. 103^ 104*/ 9*7'

n&n W. 3.

c. so. $7,

repealed.

26 G. 3. c. 41.

§ 19-

repealed;

and Account of Vessels to be presented by proper Officer instead of Commissioner!-

Account in Writing under their Hands, of what Naval Stores shall have been imported into this Kingdom, by any Persons trading to Russia: And Whereas by another Act passed in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of His said Majesty King William the Third, intituled An Act for the more effectual employing the Poor9 by encouraging the Manufaduret of this Kingdom, the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs are empowered and enjoined to lay before the Parliament, within the First Week of every Sessions thereof, a true Account containing the Particulars of all .Wrought Silks, Bengals and Stuns mixed with Silk or Herba, of the Manufacture of Persia, China or East India, and all Calicoes painted, dyed, printed or stained there, which have been brought into and carried out of the Warehouses. approved of by them: And Whereas it no longer appears necessary, that the said Accounts mentioned in the afore-recited Acts should be laid before Parliament; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the afore-recited Acts as requires the said Accounts to be laid before the Parliament, shall be and the same are hereby repealed.

II. And Whereas by another Act passed in the Twenty sixth .Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, i intituled An Act for the further Support and Encouragement of the Fisheries carried on in the Greenland Seas,

and Davis's Streights 5 it is enacted, that the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs for England and

Scotland respectively, shall at the beginning of every Session of Parliament, lay before both Houses of Parliament au Account in Writing under their Hands, of what Number of Ships or Vessels have been employed in 1 the Whale Fishery to Davis's Streights and the Greenland Seas, with their respective Names and Burthens,

' from whence they were fitted out, and at what Port in Great Britain they were discharged, and also what

Quantity of Oil or Blubber or Whale Fins each Ship or Vessel shall have imported: And Whereas it has been usual in other Instances for the proper Officers who prepare such Accounts, to lay the fame before both Houses of Parliament Be it further enacted, That io much of the said recited Act as requires the said Account to be laid before Parliament, by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs for England and Scotland respectively, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed; > and that the said Account shall in future be presented by the proper Officer who prepares the fame agreeably to the Directions contained in the said recited Adit.

CAP. CIV.

An Act to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty, certain Laws of Excise, with regard to Crown Glass and Flint and Phial Glass; and to alter certain Laws with regard to Flint Glass.

[12th July 1819.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the Laws herein after mentioned should be further continued and

amended Be it therefore enacted by The Fling's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of an Act of Parliament made in the Forty ninth Year of the 49 G. 3. c. 63. Reign of His present Majesty, for repealing the Duties on the Materials used in making Spread Window as continuedty Glass and Crown Glass, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof, and for the better Collection of the C'

said Duties, as was by certain Acts made in the Fifty first, Fifty second, Fifty third, and Fifty fourth Years 33 c.io

of the Reign aforesaid continued to the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, and by 54 G. 3. c. 97*.Two other AAs made in the Fifty sixth and Fifty eighth Years of the Reign aforesaid revived and further 5 6 G. 3. c.i. continued until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, shall be and the fame is 5 % *.3. c. 21.

hereby further continued, and shall be, remain and continue in force from the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty. July 5, 1820.

II. And be it further enacted, That an Act of Parliament made in the Fifty first Year of the Reign of His 5l q9 3>

present Majesty, for repealing the Duty on the Materials used in making Flint and Phial Glass, and for granting, as continued by until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and twelve, other Duties in lieu thereof 5 and for the said Acts, continuing and amending an Act passed in the Forty ninth Year of His Majesty's Reign, for repealing the f!irt^rJJIU Duties on the Materials used in making Spread Window Glass and Crown Glass, and for granting other j^u Duties in lieu thereof, and for the better Collection of the said Duties; which was by certain AAs made in y

the Fifty second, Fifty third, and Fifty fourth Years of the Reign aforesaid, continued until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, and by Two other Acts made in the Fifty sixth and Fifty eighth Years of the Reign aforesaid revived and further continued until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, shall be and the fame is hereby further continued, and shall be, remain and continue in force from the said. Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty.

III. And be it further enacted, That all and every Maker and Makers of Flint Glass and Phial Glass shall, and Makcw of Flint he, (he and they is and are hereby required, at his, her and their own Expence, to find and provide and make or GU» lawful Entry of proper and sufficient Boxes or Vessels, for the purpose of containing all the Chest Metal and Box«Tor#Ve»- Waste Glass and Skimmings produced on each Weekly Making of Flint Glass and Phial Glass, and shall from

time to time, .a8 the fame is produced on such Weekly Making, forthwith put and place in such Boxes or Vessels therein all tb* < all the Chest Metal and Waste Glass and Skimmings; of each particular Weekly Making of Flint Glass and Chest Metal Phial Glass, and keep and continue the fame in the particular Box or Vessel, Boxes or Vessels, in which the and Waste fame shall be so put and placed, except when taken out daily for the purpojfe of being picked and sorted, in.-

which Case the same shall be so taken out in the Presence of and weighed by the proper Officer of Excise, and WeSdy shall be kept separate and apart from all other Glass of any other. Weekly Making until the fame is weighed. Making; and

6 H 2 taken so keep the

968 C. 104.

59° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1819.

to be picked in the Presence of the Officer, who shall take an Account of every Weekly Making, &c. Maker offending as herein mentioned.

same, except taken account of, and reweighed as provided by Law for and in respect of manufactured Flint Glass; and when when taken out and fQ soon as each such Weekly Making of Glass shall be finished, shall produce the same to be weighed and taken account of by the proper Officer, and re weighed by the Supervisor of Excise, as provided by Law for and in respect of manufactured Flint Glass, and shall reflux the fame and every Part thereof in the next, or next but one, succeeding Charge of his or their Pot or Pots for making Flint or Phial Glass; and if any Maker or Makers of Flint Glass or Phial Glass shall negleCf or omit to find or provide proper and sufficient Boxes or Vessels for the purpose in that behalf aforesaid, or to put or place as aforesaid in One or more of such Boxes or Vessels all the Chest Metal and Waste Glass Skimmings of each particular Weekly Making of Flint Glass or Phial Glass, or to keep or continue the fame and every Part thereof in such Box or Vessel, Boxes or Vessels, in which the same shall be put and placed as aforesaid, as and when the same are produced in the Manufacture of the Glass of such Weekly Making, except as aforesaid, until the same shall be weighed and taken account of by the proper Officer, and reweighed by the Supervisor of Excise, as provided by Law for and in respect of manufactured Flint Glass; or shall neglect or omit, when and so soon as any Weekly Making of Flint Glass or Phial Glass is finished, to produce the fame, together with the Metal laded out at the End of every such Weekly Making of such Glass, to the proper Officer, to be so weighed and taken account of, and reweighed by the Supervisor as aforesaid; or shall mix, put or place any other Chest Metal, or Broken or Waste Glass, or Skimmings or other thing, with the Chest Metal or Waste Glass and Skimmings of any particular Weekly Making of such Glass; or shall produce to the Officer to be weighed and taken account of, or to the Supervisor to be re weighed as aforesaid, any other Chest Metal, or Broken or Waste Glass, or other thing, except such Skimmings and Laded Metal as aforesaid, with the Chest Metal or Waste Glass and Skimmings and Laded Metal of that particular Weekly Making of Glass; or shall produce to be weighed or reweighed as aforesaid any Chest Metal or Waste Glass or Skimmings or Laded Metal which has before been weighed and taken account of, or reweighed as aforesaid 5 or shall convey away or conceal or not reflux such Chest Metal or Waste Glass, Skimmings or Laded Mttal, or any Part thereof, at such time and in such manner as aforesaid, all such Chest Metal, Broken or Waste Glass, and Skimmings, Laded Metal, and other thing shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise 5 and all and every Maker and Makers of Glass so offending shall, for each and every such Offence, severally forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

IV. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Officer or Officers of Excise shall weigh the Vessels, Vessels of Flint Articles and Utensils of Flint Glass or Phial Glass of any particular Weekly Making, he and they shall also or Phial Glass weigh the Chest Metal and Waste Glass and Skimmings of that Weekly Making, and also the Metal laded out at the End thereof; and if the Weight of the Articles, Vessels and Utensils of Flint Glass or Phial Glass of any particular Weekly Making of Flint Glass or Phial Glass respectively, together with the Weight of the Chest Metal and Waste Glass, Skimmings and Laded Metal aforesaid, of the fame Weekly Making, so produced and weighed, or reweighed as aforesaid, shall not amount to Ninety eight Parts of every hundred Parts 8 Parts of 100 £ro^8 Qliantity all the Metal, Materials and Preparations which shall have been in the Pot or Pots

Parts of gross ma<k ule of in that Weekly Making, according to the best and highest Gauge which shall or may have been Quantity of taken of the Fluxed Metal thereof by any Officer or Officers of Excise, the Maker or Makers of such Glass

Metal put into shall be deemed and taken to have made and manufactured Articles of Flint Glass and Phial Glass of equal

Pot, Deficiency Weight to the Weight of such Deficiency below Ninety eight hundred Parts of the gross Quantity of such charged with Fluxed Metal as last aforesaid, and shall be charged with and pay Duty for the same as if such last mentioned Articles had been produced to and weighed by the proper Officer of Excise: Provided always, that no such Deficiency shall of itself, and without any Proof of the fraudulent Removal or Concealment of any Part of the Glass of any Weekly Making of Glass, subject any such Maker as aforesaid to any Penalty for having fraudulently removed or concealed the Glass so deficient.

Makers to keep V. And be it further enacted, That all and every Maker or Makers of Flint Glass or Phial Glass shall, sufficient Scales and he, she and they is and are hereby required to keep sufficient and just Scales and Weights at the Place or and Weights JPlaces where he, she or they shall make or manufacture any Flint Glass or Phial Glass, and shall at his, her

or their own Expence find, provide and affix fit and proper Hooks or Staples, and also permit and suffer any Officer or Officers of Excise to use the fame for the purpose of weighing and taking an Account of and reweighing the Chest Metal, Broken and Waste Glass, which shall at any time be in the Possession of such Maker and Makers, and shall at all times (when requested by the Officer so to do) by himself or themselves, or by a sufficient Number of his, her or their Servants, give all needful and necessary Help and Assistance to any Officer or Officers of Excise in weighing and taking a just and true Account of or reweighing such Chest Metal, Broken or Waste Glass; and if any such Maker or Makers shall neglect to keep such Scales and Weights, or either of them, or shall not at his, her or their own Expence, find, provide and affix, in manner aforesaid, such fit and proper Hooks or Staples as aforesaid, or shall not permit or suffer any Officer or Officers of Excise to use the fame, or shall at any time refuse or neglect to give such Help and Assistance as aforesaid, every such Maker or Makers of Glass mall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds; and if any Maker or Makers of Glass, or his or their Servants, shall in the weighing or reweighing of any Chest Metal or Waste Glass, make use of, or cause or procure or suffer to be made use of, any nilfe, unjust or inefficient Scales, Weight or Weights, or shall practise any Art, Device or Contrivance by which any Officer or Officers of Excise mail or may be hindered in or prevented from taking and ascertaining the just and true Weight of any such Chest Metal, Broken or Waste Glass, then and in every such Case such Maker or Makers shall for each and every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, with all such false, unjust or inefficient Scales and Weight or Weights respectively, and the same shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise.

Penalty 200l. If in weighing

of Weekly Making, and Chest Metal, &c. Weight produced shall not amount to

[Proviso.]

Duty.

for Officers taking Account, and assist them in weighing Metal/

Maker neglecting, &c.

or hindering Officer, &c. Penalty iocL

Using false Weights, &c.

Penalty yocL

A.D. 1819. 59° GEORGII III. C. 104, 105. 969

No Penalty for not refluxing Chest Metal, Sec. declared to Supervisor to be Refuse Glass; or for not refluxing Coloured or Stained Glass dll next Making, or the next but one following.

No Duty for Deficiency of Glass occasioned by unavoidable Loss of Metal.

No Penalty for not refluxing Metal laded out of the Pot, if kept separate^ &c.

[Continuance of Act.]

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no such Maker as aforesaid shall be compelled to reflux or incur any Penalty for not refluxing any Chest Metal, Skimmings or Broken or Waste Glass that shall be mixed with and constitute Part of the weighed and reweighed Chest Metal, Skimmings or Broken or Waste Glass of any Weekly Making of Glass as aforesaid, and which such Maker or his Foreman or principal Ser-

vant shall {hew and declare to the Supervisor, at the time of the reweighing of the Chest Metal, Skimmings,

Broken or Waste Glass of such Weekly Making of Glass, to be Refuse Glass, and unfit for immediate Manufacture, and shall afterwards pick and separate from the Rest of the Chest Metal, Skimmings, Broken or Waste Glass of such Weekly Making of Glass; and that no such Maker as aforesaid shall be compelled to reflux or incur any Penalty for not refluxing any Coloured or Stained Glass so reweighed as aforesaid, until his or her next Making, or next Making but one, of the like Coloured or Stained Glass; and that no such Maker as aforesaid shall be subject or liable to pa^ Duty for any Deficiency of Glass produced, weighed and reweighed, as the Produce of any Weekly Making of Glass as aforesaid, which has arisen and been occasioned by the unavoidable Loss of the Metal through the sudden cracking or breaking of any Pot at the time the fame is charged with and contained such Metal, and which shall be satisfactorily shewn and proved to the Officer at the time the same shall so happen 5 and that no such Maker as aforesaid shall incur any Penalty by reason of his or her not refluxing at the tinie aforesaid any Metal laded out of the Pot into Water, provided such Metal shall be weighed and reweighed separate, and be lodged in and kept in some Room or Place separate and apart from all other Broken or Waste Glass, and under the immediate Survey and Inspection of the Officer of Excise, until all such Laded Metal shall be, under Notice in Writing delivered to the proper Officer, and in his Presence, put into the Pot to be refluxed as aforesaid; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue in force until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty.

CAP. CV.

An Act for granting to His Majesty an additional countervailing Duty on Spirits extracted in England or Ireland respectively, and imported into Scotland; and for repealing the additional Duty on Licences taken out by Retailers of Sweets in Great Britain: and for exempting from all countervailing Duties the Leather and Glass of Carriages brought by Persons for private Use from Ireland into Great Britain, or from Great Britain into Ireland. [l2th July 1819.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in this Session of Parliament, for granting to His Majesty certain addi- c. 53. ant*. 4 W tional Duties of Excise on Tea, Coffee and Cocoa Nuts, Tobacco and Snuff, Pepper, Malt and British Spirits, and consolidating the fame with the former Duties thereon; and for amending the Laws of Excise relating thereto; an Excise Duty of Four Shillings and Nine pence Halfpenny is imposed and granted for and upon every Gallon English Wine Measure of all Spirits extracted in England, and imported or brought from thence into Scotland, of a Strength not exceeding Seven per Centum above Hydrometer Proof, and so in proportion for every higher Degree of Strength not exceeding the Strength of Ten per Centum above Hydrometer Proof; and another Excise Duty of Five Shillings and Three pence Halfpenny is imposed and granted for and upon every Gallon English Wine Measure of Spirits which shall be extracted in Ireland, and imported or brought from thence into Scotland, at a Strength not exceeding Seven per Centum above Hjrdrometer Proof, and so in proportion for every greater Degree of Strength not exceeding Twenty one per Centum above Hydrometer Proof: And Whereas the respective Duties so imposed and granted do not extend to or include a Duty of Eight pence Halfpenny payable for every Gallon of Spirits of the Strength of Seven per Centum above Proof extracted in Scotland, for Consumption in Scotland; and the respective Duties before recited are in consequence thereof in that Amount less than just countervailing Duties on the Importation on such Spirits as aforesaid For Remedy whereof be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid to and for the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, for and upon every Gallon English Wine Measure of all such Spirits imported as aforesaid respectively, the further and additional Duty of Excise of Eight pence Halfjpenny over and above the Duties aforesaid respectively imposed and granted by the said recited Act; and the said Duty hereby imposed shall be raised, levied, collected and paid under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, in the same manner and subject to the fame Conditions and Regulations to which the Duties hereinbefore recited are respectively made subject; and all such Spirits so imported, and the Person or Persons importing the fame, shall for and in respect of the Duty hereby imposed be and are hereby made subject and liable to all and every the Conditions, Regulations, Restrictions, Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures to which the like Goods and Person and Persons are respectively subject by the said recited Act, or by any other Act or Acts of Parliament for securing the Duties of Excise; and all the Monies arising from the Duty by this Act imposed (the necessary Charges of levying and accounting for the fame excepted), shall from time to time be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, and shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

II. And Whereas by an Act made in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for granting to His Majesty until the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, additional Duties of Excise in Great Britain on Sweets, Tobacco, Snuff, and Excise Licences, it was, amongst other things,

enacted, that every Retailer of British made Wines or Sweets should for and upon every Licence to be taken

out

Sched. A-

c. 53. ante, Sched. B.

Additional Duty of 8fd per Gallon on Spirits made in England or Ireland imported into Scotland; to be under Commissioners of Excise in Scotland

Application of Duty.

SS G- 3- c. 30. Sched A. continued by c. 3*. ante.

97°

j5G.3c.n3.

s

No Countervailing Duty on Leather or Glass employed in Construction of Carriages brought into G. B. or Ireland for private Use.

Charges made for Dudes by this Act repealed, discharged.

0.105, 106. 59° GEORGII III. A.D. 1819.

i out by any such Retailer in Great Britain, according to the Laws in such case made and provided, pay the*Annual Sum of Two Pounds Four Shillings; and which said Act was further continued by aaAd made in the present Session of Parliament until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty two;

' And Whereas it is expedient to repeal so much of the said recited Acts as relate to the Payment required to ' be made on the taking out any such Licence as aforesaid; Be it therefore enacted, 'That from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, so much of the said Acts as is hereinbefore recited shall be, and the fame is and are hereby repealed.

III. And Whereas by an Act made in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for,

amongst other things, exempting the Leather and Glass of Carriages belonging to certain Persons, imported from Ireland for private Use, from Duty, it was enacted, that from and after the First Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, no countervailing Duty shall be paid or payable for or in respect of the Leather actually worked up and employed in the Construction of and composing a Part of any Coach, Lan*.4 dau, Chariot, Landaulet, Chaise or other Wheel Carriage of or belonging to any Officer of State in Ireland or any Member of either of the Two Houses of Parliament, which shall be imported into Great Britain from Ireland for the foie and entire Use of such Officer of State or Member of either House of Parliament respectivelyj and not as Merchandise or for Sale, nor for or in respect of the Glass actually worked up and employed in the Construction of and composing a Part of any such Coach, Landau, Chariot, Landaulet, : 4 Chaise or other Wheeled Carriage: And Whereas it is expedient to extend the Exemption from all countervailing Duties to every Coach, Landau, Chariot, Landaulet, Chaise and other Wheel Carriage of and belonging to any Person or Persons travelling from Great Britain into Ireland, or from Ireland into Great Britain reciprocally, and which shall be brought from Great Britain into Ireland, or from Ireland into Great Britain respectively, for the private, foie and entire Use of such Person or Persons, and not as Merchandise or for Sale Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, no countervailing Duty shall be paid or payable in Great Britain or Ireland respectively, for or in respect of the Leather actually worked up and employed in the Construction of and composing a Part of any such Coach, Landau, Chariot, Landaulet, Chaise or other Wheel Carriage as aforesaid, or for or in respect of the Glass actually worked up and employed in the Construction of and composing a Part of any such Coach, Landau, Chariot, Landaulet, Chaise or other Wheel Carriage which shall be so brought into Great Britain or Ireland respectively, by any Person or Persons as aforesaid; any thing in any other Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners of Excise in England and Scotland, and Commissioners of Customs in Ireland respectively, or any Three or more of them respectively, are hereby authorised and empowered to cause any Sum or Sums of Money which shall have been charged as such Duty or Duties.for or in respect whereof the Duties by this Act repealed, and which shall not before the passing of this Act have been actually collected, received or paid, to be discharged from and out of the Books and other Documents containing any Entry or Entries of or relating to any such Charge or Sum or Sums of Money.

CAP. CVI.

55 G. 3. c. 19. §4-

Sched. A.

Instead of said Duty within, the Towns herein mentioned, a Duty of 15l. and is. in the Pound on the Amount.

An Act. to amend the several Acts for securing the Payment of the Duties of Excise upon certain - Licences, and regulating the issuing of such Licences; and for securing the Duties upon Spirits distilled by licensed DifUllers in Ireland.

[12th July 1819.]

WHEREAS in and by an Act made in the Fifty fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to grant certain Duties of Excise upon Licences for the Sale, of Spirituous and other Liquors by Retail, and upon Licences to Persons dealing in Exciseable Commodities, in Ireland, in lieu of the Stamp Duties payable upon such Licences; and to secure the Payment of such Excise Duties, and to regulate the issuing of such Licences; and to discourage the immoderate Use of Spirituous Liquors in Ireland, and by the Schedule thereto annexed, a Duty or Sum of Twenty two Pounds British Currency, together with the Sum of One Shilling in the Pound on the Amount of such Duty, is granted and imposed upon any Licence to any Person to sell Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Porter, Ale, Cider or Perry, Metheglin or Mead, by Retail, in any Place within the Towns following (among others); that is to say, Athlone, CaJUehar, Ennis, Enni/iillen, Galway, Kinfale, Lisburne, Longford, Mallow, New Ross, Tipperary and Tralee, and within One Mile of the Market House or Market Place therein respectively: And Whereas it may be expedient that such Licences should, in certain Cases, be granted for the Sale of Spirituous and other Liquors in the said Towns and Places on Payment of a less Sum than the said Sum of Twenty two Pounds* Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons to have or obtain, at his, her or their Desire, a Licence to sell Spirituous Liquors, Wiue, Beer, Porter, Ale, Cider or Perry, Metheglin or Mead, by Retail, in any Place within the Towns of Athlone, Cajllebar, Ennis, Enniskillen, Galway, Kinfale, Lisburne, Longford, Mallow, New Ross, Tipperary and Tralee, or within One Mile of the Market House or Market Place therein respectively, on Payment of the Sum of Fifteen Pounds British Currency, together with a further Sum after the Rate of One Shilling in the Pound on: the Amount thereof, and no more; any thing in the said recited Act, or in the Schedule thereto- annexed, or in any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland for amending the said Act, or for the regulating the granting of such Licences, to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding; subject nevertheless to all such Rules, Regulations*and Restrictions, Directions, Provisions, Clauses, Matters and Things, with respect to the obtaining of such

Licence,

A; D. iSig. 59° GEORGII III. C. 106.

Licence, as are contained and set forth in any of the said Acts and in this Act, so far aft the same are confident and compatible with each other; and save so far as the same are not repealed or altered by this A A: Provided always, that any Person on whose Licence such Sum of Fifteen Pounds shall be paid shall be authorised to sell Spirituous Liquors in any Quantity not exceeding Twenty Gallons at any one time, and no more: Provided also, that if any Person in the said Towns and Places shall pay the full Sum of Twenty two Pounds payable under the said recited Acts, or if any Person in any of the said Towns and Places, having paid the said Sum of Fifteen Pounds, shall pay such additional Sum as shall make the whole Duty paid by such Person amount to Twenty two Pounds British Currency, together with a further Sum in both Cases aftfcr the Rate of One Shitting in the Pound on the Amount of such Twenty two Pounds, or on such additional Sum aft the case may be, fu<m Person shall be authorised to (ell Spirituous Licjuors in any Quantity not exceeding Twenty five Gallons at any one time, and no more, pursuant to the Provisifons of the said recited Act.

II. And be it ftirther>enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Goirnniffionert of* Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, or any Three of them, in their Discretion, to allow or repay to any Period who shall have paid or shall pay the said Duty or Sum of Twenty twd Pounds on* any Licence for the Sale of Spirituous or other Liquors by Retail in any of the Towns or Places aforesaid, to be in force after the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and nineteen until and upon the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty, the Sum of Seven Pounds British Currency, together with a further Sum after the Rate of One Shilling in the Pound on the Amount thereof; and every such Allowance or Repayment shall be made under such Rules and Regulations as the said Commissioners or any Three of them shall direct or appoint 5 and after such Allowance or Repayment such Licence shall be good and valid according to the Import thereof, and according to the Provisions of this Act, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Person* or Persons lidenfed to sell Spirituous or other Liquors by Retail, to demand or receive any Permit or Permits for the Removal within any one Day to any one Person, or to different Persons in Bartnership in Trade, any greater Quantity of Spirits than such Person or Persons so licensed is or are under the Provisions of the said recited Act of the Fifty fifth Year aforesaid, or this Act, authorised to fell at any onetime under the Licence or Licences which shall have been or shall be obtained by such Person or Persons; any Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That so much and such Parts of the said recited Act of the Fifty fifth Year teforesaid, whereby it is provided and enacted, that no Person shall be capable of receiving or holding a Licence to sell Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Porter or Ale, Cider or Perry, Metheglin or Mead, by Retail, who shall not previoiifly take and subscribe certain Oaths in and by the said Act preforibed, directed and appointed, and as direct that every Person requiring any such Licence shall take and subscribe such Oaths before the Collector or other Officer or Person in Charge of the Collection of the District within which such Person shall require to be* licensed, and also as direct that such Person shall leave the fame with such Collector or other Officer, who shall transmit the fame, when required, to the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland; and that if any such Licence shall be granted or issued to any Person without such Oath or Affidavit being so made and subscribed, such Licence shall be null and void to all Intents and Purposes, and that the Person whose Licence shall so become null and void shall be deemed an unlicensed Retailer of Spirituous Liquors, and shall be subject to such Penalties and Disabilities as Retailers of Spirituous Liquors without Licence are subject to, shall be, and is and are hereby repealed 5 and every Licence which shall have been or shall be granted at any time after the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and nineteen to any Person or Persons who shall not have taken or subscribed the said Oaths, or any of them, shall not be void, nor shall any such Person or Persons be liable or subject to any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, in consequence or by reason of such Omission, but every such Licence shall be good, valid and effectual in the Law to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as the fame would have been in case the said Oaths had been taken and subscribed as aforesaid; any thing in the said recited Act or any other Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted, That if any Person who shall have obtained or shall obtain any Licence to sell Spirituous or other Liquors by Retail, in any Place not being within the District of the Metropolis of Dublin, shall be minded to remove from the House mentioned in such Licence for carrying on such Business, and to carry on the fame in any other House in the fame Town or City, or within the same Excise District

iand with respect to which last mentioned House such Person shall obtain the Certificate of the Two next Lefident Justices of the Peace that such House is proper to be licensed for the Sale of Spirituous and other Liquors by Retail), then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, or any Three of them, to permit and allow such Person to deliver up and fun-render such Licence, then in force, to the Collector or other Officer or Person who shall then be duly authorised to grant and issue Licences in the proper District; and such Collector or other Officer or Person shall, upon -receiving such Licence, sign, grant and issue, without Payment of Duty, or any Sum or Fee whatever (except in case of the Proviso hereafter mentioned, where a higher Duty shall be payable in the Place to which such Person shall intend to remove, than such Person paid on the Licence so to be surrendered tip), a1 new Licence to such Person for the House to which such Person shall be defirmis of removing, and shall date such Licence, and shall set forth therein that the fame "was granted upon the Surrender6f a former Licence, : specifying the Date thereof, and the Situation of the House for which the fame had been granted; and from the Date of such further or new Licence the same shall be sufficient Authority for the Person to whom the same shall be granted, to sell Spirituous or other Liquors by Retail in the House to which such Person shall: so remove, until the Expiration of the Term, Force, ' Period or Purpose for which the same shall be granted, and which Term, - Force, Period or Purpose shall not in any Case exceed the Term, Force, Period

or

971

ijl. Licence not to permit Sale of Spirits at one time to more than 20.Gallons.

22k Licence the Sale of 25 Gallons and no more at one time.

Commissioners in Ireland may repay 7l. British with the ts. in the Pound to the Persons who have taken out the 22 1, Licence.

No Permit for Removal of a greater Quantity of Spirits than allowed for Sale at one time.

SS G. 3. c. 19. $39-

repealed. Licences granted without taking such Oaths valid.

Licensed Persons (not being in District of Dublin) may on Certificate remove within same District

Tn such Case Officer to gixht a new Licence on Surrender of former.

C. 106.

59° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1819.

Old Licence thereupon void.

Conditions of granting such new Licence.

55 G-3-$33-

c. iy.

Licences granted to Persons exercising certain Trades declared incapable by 55 G. 3. c. 19. void.

55 G. 3. c. 104.

Not to extend to Retailers, if Liquors not consumed in their House.

Retailer may recover for Beer sold less than Two Gallons, not consumed by Retailer.

9 G. a. (I.)

55 G. 3. c.

19.

or Purpose for which the original Licence was granted; and every Licence in the Place or Stead of which any such new or further Licence shall be granted, shall be from thenceforth absolutely null and void; and any Person to whom any such new or further Licence shall be granted, and also all and every the Surety and Sureties of any such Person, shall be subject and liable in all respects, and to ali Intents and Purposes whatever, in like manner as he, she or they would have been respectively subject and liable if such Person had continued to carry on Business under the original Licence, and in the House for which the fame had been granted: Provided always, that it shall not be lawful for any such Collector or other Officer or Person to grant or issue any such new or further Licence unless and until all the Duties and Penalties which shall have been or shall be incurred by such Person so desirous of removing shall be fully paid or satisfied; and provided also, that in case the Duty payable by Law on a Licence to sell Spirituous and other Liquors by Retail, in the Place to which such Person shall so intend to remove, shall exceed the Duty paid on the Licence so intended to be surrendered, it shall not be lawful to grant or issue any such new or further Licence, unless and until such Person shall pay such additional Sum as shall make the whole Duty paid by such Person amount to the full Duty payable by Law on a Licence to sell Spirituous and other Liquors by Retail, in such Place for which such new or further Licence shall be required, together with the Sum of One Shilling in the Pound on the Amount of such additional Sum, and the Amount of every such Payment shall be set forth in such new or further Licence.

VI. And Whereas in and by the said recited Act of the Fifty fifth Year aforesaid, Persons exercising certain Trades, Occupations or Callings therein mentioned are declared not to be capable of receiving or holding a Licence to sell Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Porter or Ale, Cider or Perry, Metheglin or Mead, by Retail 5 and it is thereby declared, that every Licence which shall be issued to any Person by the said Act declared not to be capable of receiving the fame, or to any Person or Persons in Trull or to the Use or Benefit of such Person or Persons so declared incapable, shall be void to all Intents and Purposes; and that the Person whose Licence shall so become null and void shall be deemed an unlicensed Retailer of Spirituous Liquors, and be subject to such Penalties, Forfeitures and Disabilities as Retailers of Spirituous Liquors without Licence are subject to Be it enacted, That if at any time after the granting of any Licence to any Person to sell Spirituous or other Liquors. by Retail, such Person shall exercise any Trade, Occupation or Calling, the exercising whereof would have rendered such Person incapable of receiving such Licence; or if any Licence for selling Spirituous and other Liquors by Retail shall at any time be held in Trust or for the Use or Benefit of any Person who shall at any time during the Term, Period or Force of such Licence exercise any such Trade, Occupation or Calling, then and in each and every the respective Case and Cases aforesaid, every such Licence shall be and the fame is hereby declared null and void, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and the Person whose Licence shall so become void, and the Person or Persons in Trull for whom or for whose Use or Benefit the fame had been obtained, shall be deemed an unlicensed Retailer or unlicensed Retailers of Spirituous Liquors, and shall be subject to such Penalties, Forfeitures and Disabilities as Retailers of Spirituous Liquors without Licence are subject to.

VII. And Whereas in and by an Act made in the Fifty fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign,

intituled An Act to make further Provisions for the issuing of Licences to Persons to deal in, retail, make or manu- faSure Spirits, and other Exciseable Commodities in Ireland, and for securing the Duties of Excise payable by the Persons so licensed, it is amongst other things enacted, that no rerson shall be entitled unto or shall maintain any Cause, Action or Suit, or shall recover either in Law or Equity, any Sum of Money or Demand for or on account of any Spirituous Liquors fold in Ireland, in any Quantity less than Two Quarts at any One time, or for or on account of any particular Item or Article in any Account or Demand for Spirituous Liquors so fold, when the Quantity shall be less than Two Quarts: And Whereas it is expedient that the said recited Provision should not extend or be construed to extend to such Quantity of Spirituous Liquors sold by any Person duly licensed to sell Spirituous Liquors by Retail, such Spirituous Liquors not being used or consumed in the House, Shop or other Premises of such licensed Retailer* Be it therefore enacted, That nothing in the said recited Provision of the said Act shall extend or be construed to extend to any Spirituous Liquors fold in any Quantity less than Two Quarts at any One time, by any Person so licensed to sell Spirituous Liquors by Retail, provided that the Quantity of Spirituous Liquors so fold, or any Part thereof, shall not be used or consumed in the House, Shop or other Premises of such licensed Retailer, any thing in the said recited Act or any other Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding; provided always, that the said recited Provision of the said last mentioned Act, shall continue and remain in full Force and Effect with respect to Spirituous Liquors which shall be used and consumed in any such House, Shop or other Premises.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any licensed Retaile^of Spirituous or other Liquors to recover by due Course of Law any Sum of Money or Demand, for or on account of any Beer, Ale or Porter sold by such Retailer in any Quantity less than Two Gallons, and not being used or consumed in the House, Shop or other Premises of such Retailer, although the Price of such Quantity may exceed the Sum of One Shilling; any thing in an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act to prevent the Evil arising by the Retailers of Beer, Ale, Brandy, Rum, Geneva, Aqua Vita and other Spirituous Liquors, giving Credit to Servants, Day Labourers and other Persons who usually work or ply for Hire or Wages, or in any other Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX. And Whereas in and by the said recited Act of the Fifty fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, certain Duties of Excise are imposed and made payable for and upon all and every the Licences to be taken out for the several and respective purposes in the said recited Act mentioned, according to the Laws in such

Case

A.D. 1819» 59° GEORGII III. C. 106.

Case made and provided Be it enacted, Tkat upon the Death of any Person-so licensed, and also where any Person so licensed shall wholly discontinue the Business, Trade, Occupation or Calling, (For which any such Licence shall be issued, and shall be desirous of disposing of his or her Right and Interest in such Licence to any other Person duly aualified to carry on such Trade, Business, Occupation or Calling, in every such Case it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, or any'Threeof them, in their Discretion, to permit and allow the Heir, Executor or Administrator, or Widow or Child of such deceased Person, or the Assignee or Assignees of the Person so disposing of such his or her Right and Interest aforesaid, to deliver up and surrender such Licence to the Collector or other Officer or Person who shall be duly authorised to grant and issue Licences in the proper District; and such Collector or other Officer or Person shall, upon receiving such Licence, (ign, grant and issue, without Payment of Duty, or any Sum or Fee whatever, a new Licence, in such Manner and Form as the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or any Three of them, shall from time to time direct and appoint, to such respective Persons for the House or Premises, or any other House or Premises (being in the fame City or Town in which the House or Premises for which such original Licence had been granted shall be situated) in which he or she shall be desirous of carrying on such Trade, Occupation or Calling; and from the Date of such further or new Licence, the same shall be sufficient Authority for the Person to whom the same shall be granted to exercise and carry on the Trade, Business, Occupation or Calling in the House or Premises mentioned and described therein, until the Expiration of the Term, Force, Period or Purpose for which the same shall be granted, and which Term, Force, Period or Purpose shall not in any case exceed the Term, Force, Period' or Purpose for which the original Licence was granted; and every Licence, in the Place or Stead of which any new or further Licence shall be granted, shall be from thenceforth absolutely null and void: Provided always, that it shall not be lawful for any such Collector or other Officer or Person to grant or issue any such new or further Licence, unless and until all Duties and Penalties which shall have been or shall be incurred by such deceased Person, or by such Person so desirous of disposing of his or her Right and Interest aforesaid, shall be fully paid or satisfied 5 and provided also, that it shall not be lawful to grant or issue any such new or further Licence, unless and until the Person applying for the same shall have performed all and every the Requisites required, directed and appointed to be performed by any Person applying for a Licence to exercise and carry on the Business, Trade, Occupation or Calling to be mentioned in such Licence, according to the several Acts of Parliament in every such Case made and provided.

X. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Person shall at any time after the Fifth Day of April in any Year, become desirous of obtaining for the First time any Licence to deal in, retail, make, manufacture, fell, or keep for Sale, or expose to Sale, any Article, Matter or Thing, or to exercise or carry on any Business, Trade, Occupation or Calling, for which a Licence is required by the said recited Act of the Fifty fifth Year aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for every such Person to have and obtain such Licence for the Remainder of the Year, upon Payment only of the Proportion of the full annual Amount of the Duty by Law payable upon such Licence, euimated on the Remainder of such Year, commencing from the End of the Quarter of a Year ending on the Fifth Day of April, Fifth Day of July, or Tenth Day of October next preceding the time of the taking out of such Licence, together with the Sum of One Shilling in the Pound on the Amount of the proportionate Rate of Duty so payable upon such Licence, any thing in the said recited Act or in any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding, and as if the annual Duty had been paid for such Licence; subject nevertheless to all and every the Clauses, Rules, Regulations, Provisions and Restrictions as are contained, limited and appointed by the said recited Act, or any other Act or Acts with respect to any such Licence respectively: Provided always, that in case it shall appear to the Satisfaction of the Collector of the District that any Person who shall so for the First time apply for any such Licence after the Fifth Day of April in any Year, shall have actually dealt in, retailed, made, fold, or kept for Sale, or exposed to Sale, any Article, Matter or Thing, or shall have exercised or carried on any Business, Trade, Occupation or Calling, for which such Licence shall be reqyifite, at any time between the Fifth Day of January next preceding the time when such Person shall make Application for such Licence and the time of making such Application, it shall not be lawful for such Collector or other Officer in charge as aforesaid, to grant or issue such Licence to such Person, unless and until such Person shall pay the full annual Sum payable on such Licence; and in case any Person shall have obtained or shall obtain any such Licence after the Fifth Day of April in any Year, upon Payment of any less Sum than the full annual Duty by Law payable upon such Licence, and it shall afterwards be discovered that such Person had at any time between the Fifth Day of January then next preceding and the Date of such Licence, dealt in, retailed, made, fold, or kept for Sale, or exposed for Sale, any Article, Matter or Thing, or exercised or carried on any Trade, Business, Occupation or Calling, for which such Licence shall be granted, every such Licence shall be and the fame is hereby declared to be null and void to all Intents and Purposes, and the Person whole Licence shall so become null and void shall be deemed unlicensed, and shall be subject to all such Penalties, Forfeitures and Disabilities as any Person exercising any Business, Trade, Occupation or Calling without Licence, is by Law subject to, according to the Nature of the Business, Trade, Occupation or Calling.

XI. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend in any manner to repeal or affect any of the Clauses, Rules, Regulations, Provisions, Matters or Things contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament in force in Ireland at the time of the Commencement of this Act, relating to or in respect of any Licences granted under the Authority of the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, except where the fame is or are expressly altered or repealed by this Act; and that all such Clauses, Authorities, Rules, Regulations, Provisions, Matters or Things, shall (except as aforesaid) be and remain in foil Force and Effect tb all Intents and Purposes as if this Act had not been made, and shall be

59 Geo. III. 6 I applied

973

On Death, &c. of Party, Licence, on being delivered up to proper Officer, may be renewed in favour of Representative of deceased, or to Assignee of Party declining Business;

without Payment of Duty, or Fee.

Duties and Penalties due by deceased, &c. to be first paid, and Person applying performing all Requisites.

Where Licence taken after 5th of April in any Year, a Proportion of Duty only paid, and is. in the Pound thereon.

Person applying for Licence having proviously traded, to pay the full annual Sum payable on such Licence.

otherwise Licence void, and Penalty.

Powers of Acts in force, not hereby altered, extended to this Act.

Exception.

974

Botwy and Application af Penalties, See, which, are to be paid in British currency.

as by 14 & 15 C. 2. Seas. 4. c. 8. (I.)

46 G* .3. c. 106.

55 G. 3. c. 104.

59-

repealed.

from Sept. 19,8*9, Licences granted to such Bmms (Ex-ception) as shall obtain an Order from Justices in Sessions pursuant to 55 G. 3.

«.19- §3°«

Notice to Churchwardens 14 Days before such Application to Sessions, stating Particulars of Situation, &c. with Names of Sureties.

55 G. 3. c. 19. 5 1. repealed.

570.

C. 106. 59° GEORGII III. A.D. 1819.

applied in the Execution of this Act as fully and effectually as if the fame were repeated and re-enacted in this Act, and the said Acts and this Act shall be construed together as One Ad, so far as the same are compatible and confident with each other.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the several Sums of Money by this Act made payable, and all Penalties and Forfeitures under this Act, shall be paid and payable and received and receivable in British Currency, and shall and may be raised, levied, collected, paid, sued for, recovered and applied in the same manner, and tinder such Powers and Authorities, and by such Ways and Methods, and according to such Rules and Directions, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, as are appointed, directed and expressed for the raising, levying, collecting, paying, managing, recovering and applying of any Duties, Penalties and Forfeitures in and by an Act made in Ireland in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled An Act for the settling of the Excise or new Impqft upon His Majesty, His Heirs and Successora, according to the Book of Rates therein inserted; or in and by an Act made in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to provide for the better Execution of the several ASsrelating to the Revenues, Matters and Things under the Management of the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties and of the Commissmers of Itdastd Excise and Taxes in Ireland 5 or in and by any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland relating to the Revenue* of Excise and Customs, or either of them, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same Rules and Directions, Penalties and Forfeitures, were herein expressed and enacted, with the like Remedy of Appeal to or for the Party or Parties aggrieved in and by the said Acts or any of them, or in any other Act or Acts, is or shall be provided.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Twenty ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, so much and such Parts of the said recited Act made in the Fifty fifth Year of His said Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to make further Provisions for the tlfuing of Licences to Persons to deal in, retail, 'make or manufacture Spirits and other Exciseable Commodities in Ireland, and for securing the Duties of Excise payable by the Persons so licensed, shall be repealed, as authorises the several Collectors of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, or other Officer or Person therein mentioned, upon the Performance of the several Provisoes and Conditions in the said Act mentioned and continued, to issue Licences for the Sale of Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Porter, Ale, Cider, Perry, Metheglin or Mead, by Retail, to the fame Persons, and at and for the fame Houses or Places, as shall have been licensed in the Year last immediately preceding; and also to issue Licences for the Purposes aforesaid to any Person or Persons whom any Three Magistrates residing within Seven Miles of the Habitation of such Person or Persons shall think proper Persons to be entrusted with such Licences, and to whom they shall, by Order under their Hands and Seals, direct Such Licences to be issued \ and the fame is and are hereby repealed accordingly.

XIV. And, for the better preventing thei granting of Licences to improper Persons to sell Spirituous or other Liquors by Retail in Ireland, be it further enacted, That from and after the Twenty ninth Day of Sep* tember One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, no Licence shall be granted to any Person to fell Spirituona Liquors, Wine, Beer, Porter, Ale, Cider, Perry, Metheglin or Mead, by Retail in pny Place (except in the City of Dublin, or within the Circular Road surrounding the said City, or within the District of the Metropolis of Dublin), unless such Person shall have made Application to the strftioes of the Peace at forne Sessions, or Adjournment thereof, and shall have obtained an Order from such Justices for the issuing^ of such Licence to such Person pursuant to the Provisions and Regulations of the find recited Act passed in the Fifty fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to grant certain Duties of Excise upon Licences far the Sale of Spirituous and other Liquors by Retail, most upon Licences to Persons dealing in Exciseable Commoditise, in Ireland, in lieu of the Stamp Duties payable upon such Licences} and to secure the Payment of such Excise Duties, and to regulate the issuing of such Licences; and to discourage the immoderate Ufc of Spirituous Liquors in Ireland; any thing in any Act or Acts in force in Ireland to the contrary notwithstanding.

XV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Twenty ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, any Person intending to apply for a Licence for the Bale of Spirituous or other Liquors by Retail shall, Fourteen Days at lead before such Person shall make such Application at any Seffims of the Peace or Adjournment thereof for an Order for such Licence, give or cause to be given a Notice io Writing, signed by such Person, to the Churchwarden or Churchwardens of the Parish or Place wherein the House for which such Person shall intend to be liceifed shall be situate; and every such Notice shall state the Intention of such Person to make such Application, and shall set forth the Situation of such House in a true and particular manner, specifying the Town, Townland, Parish, Barony, Half Barony, and if in a Town or City, the Street, Square, Lane or other Description of Place, and also the Place of Abode of such Perfos, and the Names and Places of Abode of the Persons whom such Person requiring such Licence proposes as Sureties, not being Distillers or Publicans; and every such Notice shall be filed and kept by the Churchwaoden or Churchwardens to whom the same shall be given.

XVI. And Whereas in and by the said recited Act of the Fifty fifth Year of His stud Majesty's Reign, and the Schedule to the said Act annexed, a Duty of Twenty one Pounds Currency is imposed and

made payable upon any Licence to any Person to'sell Spirituous Liquors, off Commission or otherwise, in*Quantities not iefs than Fifty Gallons, the Person so felling not being a licensed.Difrilier, or an Importer of Spirits: And Whereas it is in and by the said recited Act amongst other things, enacted, that every Person applying for any such Licence shall enter into such-Bond as in the fad Act mentioned, conditioned .amongst other things, that the Party applying for such Licence ihalLnot fell or dekver out any Spirituous Liquors in airy Quantity at any one time left than Fifty Gaikos; and that it shall not be lawful for any Person, other than a licenced Difuller, to sell Spirituous t Liquors m any Quantity exceeding Twenty five Gallons and not exceeding Fifty Gallons 1 And Whereas the kid recited Pporifioas of the1 said Act hove1 been found mamt*

'« veoient

A.D. 1819. 59° GEORGII III. C. 106. 975

venient Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, so much of the said recited Personslicensed Act as require* such Condition in the said Bond shall be repealed 5 and that any Person or Persons who shall, at to "U Je8S the time of the passing of this Act, be licensed to sell Spirituous Liquors in Quantities not less than Fifty Gallons, shall and may. lawfully fell and deliver out any Spirituous Liquors at any one time in any Quantity in Quantity' exceeding Twenty five Gallons 5 and such Person shall not be liable to any Penalty or Forfeiture unaer the said exceeding 15 recited Act for felling or delivering out Spirituous Liquors in any Quantity exceeding Twenty five Gallons and Gallons, not exceeding Fifty Gallons 5 and that from and after the passing of this Act it shall and may be lawful for the Licences CommissionerB of Inland Excise and Taxes, or any Three of them, or any Collector or Excise, or other gntntedon Officer thereto authorised by Law, on Payment or such Duty of Twenty one Pounds, together with One Payment of Shilling in the Pound on the Amount thereof, to grant a Licence to any Person to sell Spirituous Liquors, on Pound

Commission or otherwise, in Quantities not less than Twenty five Gallons, in any Place in Ireland, the Person^Spirits so felling not being a licensed Distiller or Importer of Spirits, or to an Importer of Spirits to fell in like in Quantities Quantities Spirits not imported by himself 5 and such Licences shall be granted in such manner as required by not less than Law with respect to Licences to fell in Quantities not less than Fifty" Galons. Gallons.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Distiller, licensed to keep a Still of Distillers or under One hundred Gallons Content, and to be worked under the Regulations of the said recited Act of h.ere"J mcni the Fifty seventh Tear aforesaid, so as to be chargeable as aforesaid with Ninety Charges of Singlings or Low *

Wines, to have, keep or make use of any Tube, Pipe, Trunk or Shute, or other Vessel or Utensil for cooling &c. except the' any Wort, Walh or Pot Ale, other than and except such Cooler of such Description, Dimensions and Coaler allowed* Content as is hereinbefore mentioned; and if any such Distiller shall have, keep or make use of any Tube,

Pipe, Shute, Trunk or other Vessel or Utensil for cooling any Worts, Walh or Pot Ale, other than and

except as aforesaid, then and in every such Case every such Distiller shall for every such Offence, forfeit the Penalty ycL

Sum of Fifty Pounds.*p

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That any Still of or under One hundred Gallons Content, to be Such Stills to be worked under the Regulation of the said recited Act of the Fifty seventh Year aforesaid, so as to be of the Propor-chargeable with Ninety Charges only of Singlings or Low Wines, as in the said Act mentioned, shall be of tlons heran the Proportion following; that is to say, the Diameter of such Still, to be taken in the widest Part thereof, mentioned and in that Place of such widest Part as shall be moll remote from the Bottom of such Still, shall not be

greater than the Altitude of such Still, such Altitude to be ascertained in a perpendicular Line from the Centre of the Diameter so taken to the Bottom of such Still, nor shall the Bottom of such Still be otherwise curved than inwards, or towards the Body of such Still; Mid in case any Still "which shall not be conformable Still not con-to the Proportions aforesaid, shall be found in the Possession of any Distiller bound to keep any Still under formable for the Regulations of the said recited Act of the Fifty seventh Year aforesaid, so as to be chargeable with ^ted; and Ninety Charges only of Singlings or Low Wines as aforesaid, every such Still not conformable as aforesaid -^enalty aoo, shall be forfeited, and may be seized, and every such Distiller shall forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Distiller of Ireland, licensed to keep or use any Distillers Still or Stills of any Content whatsoever (except a Still to be worked so as to be chargeable in respect of licensed to Ninety Chargee only of Singlings or Low Wines as aforesaid), shall insert in the several Notices which he an^Content is bound by Law to give before he commences or recommences to work a Still, or shall givej Notice in like (excep^Stilb manner Six Days before the Expiration of any Period of Four Weeks or Twenty Eight Days, during which chargeable with any Still or Stills of such Distiller shall be chargeable as working, that such Distiller purposes to work any 90 Charges) to Still or Still* in his Possession, during the next succeeding Period, with Turf only, not charred, and not wim £ive N°£cc Coal or other Fuel than Turf not charred, such Distiller shall for any such Period during which such Still or Stills shall be worked with no other Fuel than Turf not charred, be charged with and pay Duty for such their Workings.

Quantity of Spirits as might be produced (according to the Rates specified in any Act or Acts in force)

from Five Sevenths of the Number of Charges of Singlings or Low Wines to which such Still would otherwise

be liable under any Act in force in Ireland, and also with Duty for as much more Spirits as might be

produced according to such Rates, from all Walh, Pot Ale, Lbw Wines or Sitiglings, which such Distiller shall actually distil within such Period of Four Weeks or Twenty Eight Days, over and above the Quantity

prodoceable from such Number of Charges of Low Wines or Singling9 as aforesaid.

XX. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Distiller licensed to keep any Still Distillers under ef or under One hundred Gallons Content, and who shall 'work the fame under the Regulations of an haVin ^Coolers* Act made in the Fifty seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to make further capable of° Regulations for the better collcQing and securing the Duties on Spirits dtfluled in Ireland, so as to be chargeable containing

as in the said Act is mentioned in respect of Ninety Charges only of Singlings or Low Wines, to have, greater Quan-keep or use any Cooler for cooling any Worts, Walh or Pot Ale which shall be capable of containing any titythanin Pra* greater Quantity than after the Rate or in the Proportion of Twelve Gallons for every One Gallon of the Content of the Still which such Distiller shall be licensed' to keep, nor to have, keep or use any greater every GaUoa Number of Coolers than One Cooler; and if any such Distiller shall have, keep or use any Cooler which Content of shall be capable of containing any greater Quantity than after the Rate aforesaid, or shall have, keep or use licensed Still, any greater Number of Coolers than one Cooler, every such Cooler which shall be of a greater Content Cooler, &c. than as aforesaid, and every Second or further Cooler, together with the Contents thereof respectively, shall forfeited; and be forfeited, and may be leiaed; and every such Distiller shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Penalty 50L Fifty Pounds*

XXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Distiller whatever in Ireland to put, No Worts to or cause or suffer or permit to be put, any Worts* Walh, Pot Ale, Low Wines or Singlings in any Still, be put into or to have or keep, or caafe or permit or differ to be had or kept, any Fire under any Still at any time StiU» Fife

6 I 2 between put under

between Hours of Six end Six of any Sunday.

Penalty 5ocl.

Access to Justice* Churchwarden, or Excise Officer into Distillery.

Delaying Access or hindering Examination. Penalty 500L Former Acts in force for securing Duties on Spirits extended to this Act.

between the Hour of Six of the Clock in the Forenoon and the Hour of Six of the Clock in the Afternoon of any Sunday, any Charge or Charges on such Distiller in respect of any Period of Four Weeks, or Twenty Eight Days, or any other Matter or Thing in any Act or Acts in force in Ireland relating to the Distillation of Spirits to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding; and if any Worts, Wash, Pot Ale, Low Wines or Singlings shall be found in the Still of any Distiller whatever in Ireland, or if any Distiller shall have or keep, or cause or permit or suffer to be had or kept, any Fire under any Still, or if any Fire shall be found under the Still of any Distiller at any time between the Hour of Six of the Clock in the Forenoon and the Hour of Six of the Clock in the Afternoon of any Sunday, then and in every such Case every such Distiller shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That there shall at all times, between the Hours of Six of the Clock in the Forenoon and Six of the Clock in the Aftenioon of every Sunday, be a free Passage and Access into every Distillery, and also into such Parts or Places thereof where any Still shall then be situate; and it shall and may be lawful for any Officer of Excise, or Justice of the Peace, or any Churchwarden of the Parish or Place where such Distillery shall be situate, to enter into such Distillery at all times between the said Hours, and to examine each and every Still, and every Furnace or Fireplace which shall be then situate in such Distillery; and if any Justice of the Peace, Officer of Excise or Churchwarden, shall be wilfully delayed in obtaining Access to any Still of any Distiller, or shall be in any manner prevented or hindered from immediately examining any Still of any Distiller, every such Distiller shall, in each and every such Case, forfeit the Shm of Five hundred Pounds.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Clauses, Regulations, Provisione, Penalties, Forfeitures and Modes of Recovery prescribed, mentioned and contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament in force in Ireland for the regulating or securing the Collection of the Duties on Spirits di(tilled in Ireland shall be applied and put in Practice in the Execution of this Act, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever as if all the Clauses, Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Provisions, Penalties and Forfeitures contained in the said Acts or any of them, had been expressly repeated and re-enacted in this Act, and made applicable to the Provisions herein contained, except so far as the same are repealed or altered by this Act or any other Act or Acts; and the said Acts and this Act shall be construed together as One Act, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, so far as the same are compatible or confident with each other, and as the said Acts are amended and altered by this Act.

40 G. 3* c. 68.

(io

45 3* c. 39.

48 G. 3. c. 82* and so much of

37 G. 3. c. 4»-

(10

39 <*.3. (I )

43 G. 3. c. 97.

§7*

*nd 55 G. 3. c. 104. §16. as herein mentioned repealed,

CAP. CVII.

An Act to consolidate and amend several Acts for regulating the granting of Permits and Certificates for the Conveyance and Protection of certain Goods in Ireland.

[12th July i8rp.]J

WHEREAS it is expedient that the Laws relating to the issuing or granting of Permits and Certificates for the Conveyance and Protection of certain Goods in Ireland, and relating to Requell Notes or«Requisitions for such Permits or Certificates, should be rendered more effectual* Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Commencement of this Act, an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Fortieth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for better regulating the issuing and granting of Permits and Certificates for the Conveyance and Protection of certain Exciseable Goods therein mentioned, and to prevent Frauds by Dealers in or Retailers of such Goods, shall be repealed; and also that an Act made in the Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in the Forty fifth Year of His said Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to continue, until the Twenty ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and Jive, and amend an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Fortieth Year of His present Majesty, for better regulating the issuing and granting of Permits and Certificates for the Conveyance and Protection of certain Exciseable Goods therein mentioned, and to prevent Frauds by Dealers in or Retailers of such Goods, so far as the fame respects Permits for Spirits or Spirituous Liquors, shall be repealed; and also that an Act, made in the Forty eighth Year of His said Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to make perpetual and to amend several Acts for the better regulating the issuing and granting of Permits and Certificates for the Conveyance and Protection of certain Exciseable Goods in Ireland, shall be repealed 5 and also that so much and such Parts of the several Acts herein after mentioned shall be repealed as in any way relates or relate to or concern Permits for Exciseable Commodities, or Certificates of such Permits, or Requisitions or Request Notes for Permits or Certificates; that is to say, so much and such Parts only as aforesaid of an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirty seventh Year of His said Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for regulating and extending the Tobacco Trade, and for securing the Duties payable upon the Import and Manufacture of Tobacco; and also of an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirty ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for granting unto His Majesty the several Duties therein mentioned on Sweets or made Wines, Mead and Vinegar, and for securing the Collection thereof; and also of an Act made in the Parliament of the said United Kingdom in the Forty third Year of His said Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to amend several Acts of Parliament for the better Collection and Security of His Majesty's Revenue of Customs and Excise in Ireland, and for preventing Frauds therein, and to make further Regulations relating thereto; and also of One other Act made in the Fifty fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intitiued An Act to make further Provisions for the issuing of Licences to Persons to deal in, retail, make or manufacture Spirits and other Exciseable Commodities in Ireland, and for securing the Duties of Excise payable by the Persons so licensed} and the said hereinbefore recited Acts of the Fortieth, Forty fifth, and Forty eighth Years aforesaid, and so much and such Part as aforesaid of the said other Acts

hereinbefore

977

A.D. 1819. 59° GEORGII III. C. 107.

hereinbefore recited, shall be and the same are hereby repealed accordingly; save and except so fafr as the said several above recited Acts or any of them, or any Part thereof, repeal or repeals any former Act or Acts, or Part or Parts of any former Act or Acts; and also save and except so far as the said Acts or any of them relate or relates to the prosecuting, filing for, recovering, levying or paying any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture against the said Acts, or any of them, which mall have been or shall be committed on or before the Commencement of this Act; and that all and every the Regulations and Provisions, Powers and Authorities, contained in the said recited Acts or any of them, shall be and remain in full Force and Effect for the prosecuting, suing for, recovering, levying or paying any such Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, as if this Act had not been made.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the First Day of August.One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, so much of an Act made in the Parliament of the United Kingdom, in the Fifty fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to grant Duties of CuJlomsy and to allow Drawbacks and Bounties on certain Goods, Wares and Merchandise imported into and exported from Ireland, in lieu of former Duties, Draw-backs and Bounties, and to make further Regulations for securing the Duties of Customs in Ireland, as declares it to be lawful for Importing Merchants in Ports in Ireland, where Tobacco may be imported, to give Certificates for all such Coffee, Sugar or Tea as they shall fell to Persons redding within the same Port or Place where they shall have imported the fame, of the several Parcels or Quantities of such Coffee, Sugar or Tea, which they shall have fold, and that such Certificates shall have the fame Force and Effect as Permits, shall cease and determine, and shall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

III. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, so much of an Act made in the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to make further Provison for the Execution of the several Acts relating to the Revenues, Matters and Things under the Management of the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, and of the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, in Ireland, as enads that every Excise Office for the receiving of Request Notes for Permits or issuing of Permits, shall be kept open from Sunrife to Sunset on every Day of the Year, except the Days therein excepted, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

IV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, every Office for issuing Permits or Certificates shall be kept open on every Day of the Year, except Sundays, Christmas Day> and Good Friday, and any Days which shall be appointed by Proclamation for a general Fall or Thanksgiving, and also the Anniversaries of the Restoration of His Majesty King Charles the Second, and of the Coronation and of the Birthday of His Majesty, and of the Birthday of His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, from the Hour of Nine 01 the Clock in the Forenoon to the Hour of Six of the Clock in the Afternoon of every Day, from the Twenty fifth Day of March to and upon the Twenty ninth Day of September following, and from the Hour of Nine of the Clock in the Forenoon to the Hour of Three of the Clock in the Afternoon of every Day, from the Twenty ninth Day of September in any Year, to and upon the Twenty fifth Day of March following.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties and the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, according to their respective Jurisdictions, or any Three of them respectively, and they are hereby respectively authorised, to ascertain and settle such reasonable time or times for which any Permit or Permits shall be of force for the Conveyance of any Goods from one Place to another; and the said Commissioners respectively, having ascertained and settled such time or times, shall cause a Table thereof to be signed by the Secretary of such Commissioners respectively, and to be transmitted to the several Officers appointed or to be appointed for granting or issuing of Permits; and whenever any such Table shall be so transmitted, the Officer or Officers to whom the same shall be sent, shall, in inserting the time or times for which any Permit or Permits shall be in force, conform to such Table, and regulate the time or times for which such Permit or Permits shall be of force accordingly; and it shall be lawful for such Commissioners to alter such Table from time to time as to them respectively shall seem expedient.

VI. And be it further enacted, That no Permit, nor any Certificate of or grounded on any Permit, shall be granted by any Officer employed by or acting under the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland respectively, nor by any other Person or Persons empowered to grant any such Permit or Certificate, until a Request Note or Requisition in Writing shall have been delivered by or on behalf of the Party requiring such Permit or Certificate respectively 5 and that any Permit of Certificate which shall be granted without a Request Note or Requisition being delivered in manner required by this Act, shall be actually void, and shall not pro ted any Goods, Wares or Merchandise mentioned in such Permit or Certificate.

VII. And be it further enacted, That every Request Note or Requisition which shall be delivered for any Permit, shall contain the Date thereof, and the Name of the Place from which, and the Place to which the Goods therein mentioned are to be carried, and the Distance between such Places respectively, and the Name of the County, County of a City, or County of a Town, or City or Town, in which the Place to which the Goods are to be sent is situate, and the particular Hour at which the Force of such Permit shall be required to commence, and shall particularly express the Marks, Weight, Package, particular Kind and Quantity of Goods to be conveyed under such Permit, and shall likewise contain the real Names and Surnames and Place of Abode of the Person or Persons fending such Goods, or in case of a Company or Copartner-ship, the Name of the Firm, Company or Copartnership, and of the Person or Persons to whom to be sent, and the Situation of the Store or Place from which and to which such Goods are to be sent, together with such other Particulars as the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or any Three of them, shall from time to time direct or appoint; and in case of a Permit for Spirituous Liquors made in Ireland, the Number of Casks and Vessels in which such Spirituous Liquors shall be contained, and the Quantity of Spirituous Liquors contained in each such Calk or Vessel.

except Recovery of Forfeitures.

55 G. 3. c. 8». §18.

repealed.

49 G. > c. 116. §»5*

repealed.

Times for keeping open Offices for issuing Permits or Certificates.

Commissioners to settle time that Permits shall be in force. Table thereof transmitted to Officers for

issuing Permits.

Permit granted without a Request Note void.

Request Note to contain certain Particulars.

978 C. 107.

59° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1819.

From Aug. x, 1819, Request Notes not subject to Stamp Duty.

VIII. And be it farther eqaded, That from and after the First Day of August One thousand eight hunt dred and nineteen, no Stamp Duty shall be payable on any Request Note or Requisition for any Permit required to be granted by any Officer of His Majesty's Revenue, or other Person duly authorised to grant the fame, relative to any Exciseable or other Goods, or cm any Request Note or Requisition far any Certificate of any such Permit required by Law, any thing in the said recited Act of the Forty eighth Year aforesaid, or 56 G. 3. c. 56. in any other Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding; and that fa much of an Act made in the Fifty 5 a, and Sched. sixth Year of Hi* present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to repeal the several Stoop Ditties in Ireland, and part 1. Tit. a\jQ federal A3s for the ColieBien and Management of the said Duties, and to grant ne*at Stamp Duties in Hen thereof} and to make more effectual Regulations for collecting and managing the said Duties, and of the Schedule to the said Act annexed, as imposes or grants any Stamp Duty on any Request Note or Requisition for any Permit required to be granted by any Officer of His Majesty's Revenue, or other IVrfan duly authorised to grant the lame, relative to any Excileable or other Goode, and on any Request Note or Requisition for any Certificate of any such Permit required by Law, shall from and after the said First Day of August cease and determine, and shall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

IX. And be it farther enacted, That all Permits shall be signed by the proper Officer, and shall be in fudl Form, and shall contain such Particulars, as shall from time to time be directed by the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or of Inland Excise and Taxes, according to their respective Jurisdictions, or any Three of them respectively; and also the Several following Particulars, that is to say, the Date and Number, and the District whence issued, and the Place from which, and the Place to which the Goods therein mentioned are purported to be carried; and shall particularly express the Marks, Weight, Package, particular Kind and Quantity of Goods purported to be conveyed' under such Permit; and mall likewise contain the real Names and Surnames and Place of Abode of the Person or Persons fending such Goods and of the Person or Persons to whom by such Permit such Goods are purported to be Sent, or in case of a Company or Copartnership, the Name of the Firm, Company or Copartnership; and the particular Store and Place from which and to which such Goode shall by such Permit be purported to be Sent; and in default of any of the Particulars aforesaid being infested in such Permit, the Goods mentioned in Such Permit shall be forfeited, and may be fetzed by any Officer of Customs or Excise; and in case any fictitious Name or Names shall be inserted in any Permit, or in case the Goods shall be sent from any other Person or Place, or shall be delivered to any other Person or alt any other Place, than from the Person and Place, and to the Person and at the Plaee mentioned respectively in the Permit, the Goods mentioned therein shall be forfeited, and may be Seized by any Officer of Customs or Excise; and m every Permit shall likewise be mentioned the time limited for such Perraitto be of for the Conveyance of such Goods from one Place to another, and after the Expiration of such limited- time such Permit shall not be of force for protecting the Conveyance of such Goods, and the fame, if found conveying after the Expiration of such time, shall be forfeited, and may be Seized by any Officer of Customs or Exdfoand every Permit in which there shall be any Era*. Erasure, &c. in fate. Interlineation or Alteration, shall be null and void, and the Goods conveying or conveyed, for the Protection of which any erased, interlined or altered Permit shall be produced, mall be forfeited, and may be Sensed by any Officer of Customs or Excise.

X. And be it further enacted, That all Foreign Wines exceeding the Quantity of Four Gallons; al Spirituous Liquors whatever exceeding the Quantity of One Gallon; all Vinegar, Methegiin or Mead, or Wines made in Great Britain or Ireland, exceeding respectively the Quantity of Four Gallons; all Tobacco or Snuff exceeding respectively the Weight of Two Pounds 5 all Coffee exceeding the Weight erf Two Pounds; all Malt exceeding the Quantity of Half a Barrel; all Sugar exceeding the Weight of Fifty six Pounds; all Hops exceeding the Weight of Fifty six Pounds; all Tea exceeding the Weight of Two Pounds; and all Foreign Silks in Pieces exceeding Half Pieces; and all East India Goods, other than Spiceries* that shall be carrying or conveying, or carried or conveyed from any Part or Place in Ireland to any other Part thereof, whether from any Part of any City or Town to another Part thereof, or from one Town or Place to another Town or Place, may be Seized by any Officer or Officers of Customs or Excise, and shall be forfaited, unless the Carrier or Person conveying the fame, or the Person in whose Possession the same shall be, shall, on demand made by any such Officer, produce to such Officer a Permit, pursuant to the Provisions of this Act, authorising the Removal of such Goods, and shall allow such Officer to insped and examine such Permit.

XI. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Malt or Spirituous Liquors, or whenever any Tobaccos Snuff, exceeding the Weight of Ten Pounds, shall be Seized by reason or on account of a Permit authoring the Removal of such Malt, Spirituous Liquors, Tobacco or Snuff, not being produced as required by this Act, then and in every such Case, besides the Forfeiture of such refoedive Goods, every Horse or other Beast, and every Cart, Car or other Carriage, and every Boat or other Vessel, carrying, bearing, drawing or containing any such Goode, shall, with1 all Tackle thereto belonging, be forfeited, and may be seizecL

XII. And be it further enacted, That in case of the Lofa of any Permit which shall have been or shall be duly granted for the Removal of any Goods, if the Carrier or Person in whose Possession such Good* shall be found shall make Proof, on Oath or Affirmation, of the Circumstances of the Loss of such Permit; and if the Person or Persons who shall have sent such Goods under such Permit shall also make Proof, on Oath or Affirmation, before any Commissioner of Customs and Port Duties, or Commissioner of Inland Excise and Taxes, according to their respective Jurisdictions, or before the Collector of Customs or Excise respectively* or before any Sub Commissioner of Customs or Excise within their respective Distirids, that such Permit wm not used, or intended to be used, to his Knowledge or Belief, fraudulently to cover or protect any other Goods,

but

" Request Note*' repealed.

Permits to be signed by proper Officer, and to be in a certain Form, and to contain 4Sertaki- Fetf-ticulars.

Default of Par-tittriars, inserting fictitious Name, not delivering, &c. Goods-aecording to Permit. Penalty.

Time to be mentioned in Permit, &c. Penalty.

Pfermit. Penalty. Canning cerw tain Articles above Quantity herein mentioned, without Permit, liable to Forfeiture.

Where Malt, &c. exceeding Weights herein mentioned are seized for want of Permit, Horse, Carriage, &c. also forfeited.

On Proof that Permit was lost.

or that Permit was not used or intended to be

A.D. 1819. 59° GEORGII III. C. 107. 979

but was taken out for the particular Goods so found in the Possession of such Carrier or other Person, such Goods shall thereupon be restored to the Owner or Proprietor thereof, and a new Permit shall be granted to such Owner or Proprietor for the Removal of the Goods to the Place of their Detonation.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if the Carriage of any Goods shall, by any unavoidable Accident, be prevented from being fully performed within the time limited in any Permit granted for the Removal thereof, then, on Notice being immediately given to any Officer of Customs or Excise, and a Rest or Stay being made of such Goods at or near the Place where such Accident shall happen, the Officer shall without Delay repair to the Place where such Goods shall then be, and if such Officer shall find that such Goods were flopped or delayed in their Carriage by such Accident, then such Officer shall thereupon, by Endorsement on Inch Permit, enlarge the time for the Carriage of such Goods to the Place of their hrft Destination.

XIV. Provided also, and be it enacted, That in all Cases where the Carriage of any Goods shall, by means of any unavoidable Accident, be prevented from being performed within the time limited by the Permit, and when such Enlargement of the time of the Force of such Permit could not have been obtained as aforesaid, then in all such Cases, upon the Trial of any Information for the Forfeiture of all such Goods for Want of a sufficient Permit, such Goods shall be restored upon Proof being made to the Satisfaction of the Court who shall try such Information, that the Duties chargeable on the fame were paid, secured or satisfied according to Law, and that such Permit was taken out for the identical Goods seized, and that such Permit was not used or intended to be used to cover or protect any other Goods, and that such Delay arose from unavoidable Accident, and that such Enlargement of the time of the Force of the Permit as aforesaid could not have been obtained 5 or before any Proceeding instituted for the Forfeiture of such Goods, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or of Inland Excise and Taxes, or any Three of them respectively, on Proof made to their Satisfaction of the Matters aforesaid, to order the Goods to be restored.

XV. And be it further enacted, That any Officer granting any Permit for Spirituous Liquors distilled in Ireland, shall give therewith a Ticket for each and every Calk or Vessel mentioned in such Permit; and the Ticket or Tickets so to be given with such Permit shall be numbered in Arithmetical Progression, beginning with the Number One, and shall contain the Number and Date of the Permit, the Name and Place of Abode of the Person. to whom granted, the Name and Place of Abode of the Person to whom and the Place from and to which the Cask or Vessel is to be sent, the Number of Gallons of Spirituous Liquors contained in such Calk or Vessel, and the time such Permit is to remain in Force, with the Officer's Name subscribed thereto; and before the Removal of the Cask or Vessel containing such Spirituous Liquors, the Ticket which shall correspond with the Contents of such Calk or Vessel shall be affixed on the Head or End thereof (with Paste made or composed of Flour and Water boiled together to a proper and (Efficient Confidence), in such manner as that the Contents of such Ticket shall legibly appear 5 or in default of affixing and fajlening such Ticket as described as aforesaid, in manner aforesaid, and corresponding in the Particulars aforesaid, or if any Calk or Vessel containing: such Spirituous Liquors shall be found conveying without such Ticket so fastened on the Head or End of such Calk, the Spirituous Liquors, and the Calk or Calks containing the fame, shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer of Customs or Excise; or if any Matter, Substance or Thing, save and except the Palle by which such Ticket shall have been affixed or fastened to the Head or End of such Calk or Vessel, shall be applied to or put between such Ticket and the Head or End of such Calk or Vessel, so as to prevent such Ticket from fattening and remaining thereon pursuant to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, then and in every such Case respectively, the Spirituous Liquors, and the Calk containing the fame, shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer, of Customs or Excise.

Xvl. And be it further enacted, That such Ticket shall not be removed; from the Head or End of the Calk or Vessel on which it shall have been pasted and fastened, and that the Spirituous Liquors, or any Part thereof, shall not be drawn from such Calk or Vessel, until the fame shalLbe examined; by the proper Officer, and the Permit, by virtue of which such Spirituous Liquors shall have been conveyed, shall be lodged with him, and his Certificate thereof obtained; and if any such Calk or Vessel shall be found, before such Certificate shall be grafted, without such Ticket thereon, or if the Spirituous Liquors, or any Part thereof, shall be drawn from such Calk or Vessel before such Certificate shall be granted, the Person or Persons to whom such Spirituous Liquors were conveying or conveyed shall forfeit the Sum of Five Shillings for every Gallon of the Spirituous Liquors which such Calk or Vessel shall be capable of containing, and the Calk in which the same shall have been-contained, together with all Spirituous Liquors so conveying or conveyed, or which shall be discovered to have been so conveyed, shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer of Customs or Excise.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the Person or Persons to* whom any Goods shalli be sent and delivered, for the Conveyance of which a Permit is by this Act required, shall within Twenty four Hours, or in case a Sunday or Christm&Day or Good Friday shall intervene, -within Forty eight Hours after the Arrival of such Goods at the Place of their Destination, or after the Expiration of the time limited in such Permit, whichever shall soonest happen, repair with such Permit to the ptoper Officer of Excise, and shall lodge the fame with him; and every such Officer shall, within Twenty four; Hours after such Permit shall have been so lodged with him, carefully examine such-Goods, and upon Affidavit, Oath or Affirmation made at the Foot of, or endorsed on the Duplicate of the Certificate, by-the Person to^whom such Goods shall be. delivered, or, iiy case of his or her Inability to attend, by his or her known Clerk, which Affidavit, Oath, or Affirmation such Officer is hereby authorised and required to administer without Fee. or Reward, that the Goods mentioned in such Permit, and no more, were, to the bed of the knowledge and belief of such Person, really and truly brought from the Person and from the Place mentioned in: such remit, and that such Goods received by and are in the Possession of the Person on whose behalf such Certificate shall be applied for,

and

used fraudulently.

Goods restored, &c.

Time limited by Permit may on Notice be enlarged by Indorsement thereon.

When Enlargement of time cannot be obtained, Goods j restored on Proof that Duty has paid, &c.

With Permit for Spirits, Officer tagive a Ticket for each Cask on which it ah all be put, describing the Contents,

Not fixing Ticket to Cask, &C,

Penalty. Preventing Ticket from remainingn Cask.

[Penalty.]

Removing Ticket or drawing Spirits from Cask, till examined by Officer, or, Casks found without .Ticket, Sec.

[Penalty.]

Permit to be lodged within a limited time with the proper Officer, who is to examine the Goods, and take Affidavit as to certain Particulars from the Person to whom the Goods-haf« Lbecn

59° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1819.

Certificate gi?en for Protection of Goods without Fee,

Permit for Wine removing for private Use, not required to be lodged.

Certificate to be in force Three Months only; but may be renewed without Fee.

Office* to take Account of Stock of Dealers, and enter same into Dealer's Certificate Book. Dealers to enter therein Quantity of Goods permitted, &c. Certificate Book to be delivered up Quarterly. Penalty 100l. and no Permit. Certificate to be fastened in Certificate Book.

Permit not granted unless Person applying entitled to corresponding Credit, and make Oath, &c.

If Certificate not fastened, Entry not a Protection. Permit for Removal of Goods imported, to be lodged at Excise Office, and Certificate obtained.

Oath to be taken as to

and that the said Permit was not, to the knowledge or belief of such Person so making such Affidavit, Oath or Affirmation, used for the Removal or Protection of any Goods, other than the identical Goods mentioned in such Permit, and received therewith by such Person, such Officer shall, without Fee or Reward, give and deliver to the Person bringing such Permit, a Certificate signed by such Officer that such Permit was lodged with him, and which Certificate shall contain in the Body thereof a Copy of such Permit, without Erasure or Alteration, and the Day of granting such Certificate, and shall be in such Form as the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or any Three of them, shall from time to time direct and appoint; and such Certificate shall proteA the Goods so long as the same shall continue of force: Provided always, that whenever any Wine shall have been duly removed by Permit, according to Law, into the Possession of any Person in Ireland not concerned in the felling of or dealing in Wine, for the private Use and Consumption of such Person, such Person shall not be required, or compelled or compellable to lodge such Permit with any Officer of Excise, nor to obtain any Certificate thereof from such Officer; and that no such Wine in the Possession of any such Person in Ireland, for the private Use and Consumption of such Person, shall be liable to Forfeiture or Seizure, nor shall be forfeited or seized for or on account of the not producing the Certificate of such Permit.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Certificate shall be in force, or shall protest or cover any Goods for any longer time than for the Space of Three Calendar Months after such Certificate shall be

f-anted 5 and that at or before the End or Expiration of such time, and so from time to time at or before the nd or Expiration of every subsequent Period of Three Calendar Months, the proper Officer shall, upon Application made to him for that Purpose, grant, without Fee or Reward, a new Certificate for such Goods, or for so much thereof as shall appear to such Officer, upon Examination thereof, to be on hand and undisposed of at the time of such new Certificate being granted; and so from time to time the former Certificate shall be delivered up to the Officer granting such new Certificate.

XIX. And be it enacted, That the proper Officer or Officers of Excise shall take an Account of the Stock of all Retailers of and Dealers in any of the Goods in this Act mentioned, and shall keep a full and true Account thereof in a Book to be called a Certificate Book, to be given to such Retailer or Dealer, and to be kept by him as herein mentioned; and every such Officer shall on every Visit enter in such Book an Account of the Stock so taken by him; and in all Cases where a Permit shall be required for the subsequent Removal of any, Goods, the Retailer or Dealer shall produce to the Permitting Officer his said Certificate Book, and oppohte to the Officer's Account of Stock the Retailer or Dealer shall enter the Quantity of the Goods to be permitted, and the Name and Names of the Person or Persons from whom and to whom, and the Place from which and to which to be sent, and the same shall be signed by such Retailer or Dealer, or by his known Clerk 5 and every such Retailer or Dealer shall, within Ten Days next after the Fifth Day of April, the Fifth Day of July, the Tenth Day of October, and the Fifth Day of January in every Year, as the Case may be, deliver every such Certificate Book to the proper Officer of Excise, or in any Default thereof shall, in all or any of the said Cases respectively, forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds; and no Permit shall be granted for the Removal of any of the Goods aforesaid from any Retailer or Dealer, after he or she ought to nave so delivered such Certificate Book as aforesaid, until he or she shall have so delivered up the same.

XX. And be it enacted, That every Certificate shall be fattened in such Certificate Book by the Retailer or Dealer, and shall so remain until the Force of such Certificate or Certificates, from time to time to be granted as aforesaid, shall have expired, and a new Certificate shall have been obtained in the Place of the fame, for so much of the Goods as shall remain on Hands at the End of each Quarter, or until the Whole of the Quantity-contained in the Certificate shall be disposed of, whichever shall soonest happen; and such new or Quarterly Certificate shall be fattened by the Retailer or Dealer in such Certificate Book, and which shall in like manner so remain therein whilst any Part of the Goods for which the original Permit had been granted shall remain on Hands; and no Officer shall grant any Permit on the Credit of such Certificate Book, unless it shall appear by the Certificate annexed thereto, that the Person applying for such Permit is entitled to Credit for the Quantity of Goods for which he or she requires such Permit, nor unless such Person, or his or her principal Clerk, make Oath or Affirmation, as the Case may be, that the Goods for which he or she requires such Permit, were received with a legal Permit, and that the Duties thereon have been duly paid, to the bed of his or her knowledge and belief; and no Entry of any Officer in any Book shall be sufficient to protect any Goods from Forfeiture and Seizure, unless the Certificate pursuant to the Provisions aforesaid shall remain fattened to the said Certificate Book.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Goods, Wares or Merchandise whatever imported into Ireland, for the Removal of which from any one Place to another a Permit is by Law required, shall be intended to be removed out of the Custody of any Officer or Officers of the Customs, or from any Warehouse in which the same shall have been lodged and secured, a Permit shall be granted by the Permit Officer of the Customs at the Port from which such Goods, Wares or Merchandise are to be removed 5 and that upon the Arrival of such Goods, Wares or Merchandise at the Place of Destination, the Person to whom the same shall be sent, or in case of his or her Inability to attend, the known Clerk of such Person, shall within Twenty four Hours, or in case a Sunday, Christmas Day or Good Friday shall intervene, within Forty eight Hours after the Arrival of such Good^ Wares or Merchandise at the Place of their Destination, or after the time limited in such Permit, lodge such Permit at the Excise Permit Office, or with the Surveyor or Officer of Excise, and obtain a Certificate thereof, signed by the proper Officer pursuant to the Provisions of this Act.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Officer or Officers of Customs or Excise, according to their respective Jurisdictions, granting or renewing any Permit or Certificate, to examine upon

Oath

A.D. 1819. 59° GEORGII III., C. 107.

Oath or Affirmation (which Oath or Affirmation he is hereby authorised and required to administer), any Person or Persons applying for such Permit or Certificate, whether the Duty was actually paid for the Goods for which such Permit or Certificate shall be so demanded, and also the Identity of such Goods, and to all such Matters as shall appear to such Officer or Officers necessary to satisfy him or them that the Duties payable on such Goods had been duly paid; and if any such Person shall refuse to take such Oath or Affirmation, as such Officer shall in that behalf require him or her to take, it shall be lawful for such Officer to refuse to grant or renew such Permit or Certificate.

XXIII. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Officer of Customs or Excise to enter into any House, Outhouse, Store or other Place, belonging to any Person or Persons dealing in, storing or having in his, her or their Custody or Possession any of the Goods in this Act specified, and to demand a Permit, signed by the proper Officer, for such Goods as shall be found therein; and if, on demand made by any such Officer of Customs or Excise, such Permit, or a Certificate in force sufficient to protect the said Goods according to the Provisions of this Act, shall not be produced within reasonable time after such Demand, or Proof made that such Permit or Certificate had been granted for the said Goods, and was afterwards lost or mislaid, then all such Goods shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer of Customs or Excise.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Increase shall be found in the Stock of any Person dealing in or storing any such Goods as aforesaid, above the Quantity which, by Permit or Permits, or by Certificate or Certificates, ought to be in the Possession of such Person, it shall and may be lawful for any Officer of Customs or Excise to seize, out of any Part of the Stock of such Person, a Quantity of any such Goods equal to the Quantity so found increased, and the same shall be forfeited.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That in every Case where the Stock of Spirituous Liquors in the Stores or Possession of any Factor or other Person dealing in or storing Spirituous Liquors in Ireland, not being licensed to sell Spirituous Liquors by Retail, shall be less than the Quantity of Spirituous Liquors which by the Stock Account kept by the Officer of Excise ought to be in the Stores s or Possession of such Factor or other Person, every such Factor or other Person shall for every time such Decrease shall appear, forfeit the Sum of Ten Shillings for every Gallon of Spirituous Liquors which shall be so deficient.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Question shall arise whether any Goods for the Conveyance or Protection of which any Permit or Certificate shall be produced, are bond Jide such Goods as are described and specified in such Permit or Certificate, the Proof of such Goods being really and bond Jide of the Description specified in such Permit or Certificate shall lie upon the Owner or Claimer thereof.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Officer of Excise to grant any Permit for any Goods on the Credit of Two or more Certificates, unless the Person applying for such Permit shall not have sufficient Credit on one Certificate for the Quantity and Quality or Kind of Goods for which such Permit shall be required; and every Officer granting any Permit for any such Goods, upon the Credit of any Certificate or Certificates, shall endorse on such Certificate or Certificates the Date and Number of such Permit, and the Quantity and Quality of the Goods for which the same shall be granted, and the Marks and Numbers of the Calks, Vessels or other Packages, or Mark and Number of the Calk, Vessel or other Package containing the fame, and the Name of the Person to whom and the Place to which such Goods are to be carried under such Permit.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any such Certificate, or any of such Endorsements made thereon, shall be fraudulently ended, obliterated or altered, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or any Three of them, to annul or revoke or withdraw any Licence which shall have been granted under the Authority of such Commissioner to the Person or Persons whose Certificate, or any Endorsement thereupon, shall have been so ended, obliterated or altered; and every such Person shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That in case any Officer of Excise shall not be admitted into any House, Shop, Store or .other Place belonging to any Dealer in or Retailer of any Goods, for the Removal of which a Permit i6 required by this Act, after such Officer shall have demanded Admittance into the fame, and declared his Name and Business, and after having waited for the Space of One Quarter of an Hour after such Demand made at such House, Shop, Store or other Place, such Dealer or Retailer aforesaid shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That every Person dealing in, storing, or having in his or her Possession any of the Goods for which a Permit is by this Act required, shall, as often as he or ffie shall be required by any Officer of Excise, ffiew to such Officer all his or her Stock of all and every such Goods, and every Box or Press, Package, Chest, Calk or Vessel, used by him or her in the storing or keeping the fame, and shall furnish such Officer with sufficient Light, and with just and sufficient Scales, Weights and Measures for weighing and measuring such Stock, and shall provide proper and sufficient Assistants for that Purpose; and if any such Person shall not, gn demand of any Officer as aforesaid, ffiew his or her Stock of all or any of the Goods aforesaid, and every Part thereof, or shall not furniffi such Officer with sufficient Light, or with just and sufficient Scales, Weights or Measures, or shall not provide proper and sufficient Assistants to weigh or measure the fame, as the case may be, or ffiajl not declare the Stock of all or any of such Goods so ffiewn to be the entire Stock of such Goods respectively then on Hands of such Person, every such Person offending in any of the respective Cases hereinbefore mentioned, shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Twenty rounds; and if any Officer or Officers aforesaid shall, upon Search, discover any such Goods in the Possession of any such Person which shall not have been ffiewn as aforesaid, then all such Goods so discovered shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any such Officer.

59 Geo. III. 6 K XXXl. And

981

Payment of Duty before Permit or Certificate is given.

Premises may be entered and Permit demanded, and if not produced, or Proof given that it has been lost. Goods forfeited.

Increase of Stock liable to Forfeiture.

Where Stock of Spirits less than Officer* Account, Penalty on Owner (not being licensed)

Proof of Identity of Goods upon Owner.

Officer not to grant Permit on Credit of Two or more Certificates, unless Person applying shall not have sufficient Credit on One.

Certificates or Endorsement unduly altered. Licence revoked.

Penalty 100L

Dealers not admitting Officers to inspect Premises.

Penalty 50l.

Refusing to shew Stock, or to furnish Lights, Scales, &c. to Officer.

Penalty aoL and Officer may seize Goods not shewn.

59° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1819.

Spirit* teat«t of* Wes Degree Strength than received, forfeited, and Penalty 5cL Deficiency of x per Cent in Strength allowed.

Spirits on which Duty has not been paid not protected by Permit

Penalty and Forfeiture of Spirits.

Officer unduly

Permit, Penalty 200L

Parsons not moving cor delivering Goods wording to Permit, &«. f Sic.

Penalties.

t not lodged wftfate time limbed.

Penalty 10L

Duplicates of Permits or Certificates to contain certain Particulars.

Such Duplicate sufficient

Duplicates Proof Of itefiK fcxg Pemba or Oprifiute.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Person Kcensed to fell Spirits to fend or deliver out, under any Permit, any Spirits which shall be of a less Degree of Strength than the Strength at which such Person shall have received the fame; and if any such Person shall fb fend or deliver out under Permit any Spirits which shall be of a less Strength than as aforesaid, all such Spirits which shall be so sent out or delivered shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer of Customs or Excise, and every such Person shall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds t Provided always, fhat no such Forfeiture or Penalty shall be incurred, nor any such Seizure made, for or by reason of any Deficiency of Strength of such Spirits not more than Three per Centum below the Strength of such Spirits specified in such Permit; any thing herein contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Spirits distifled in Ireland\ and upon which the full Duties payable by Law shall not have been paid, secured or satisfied, shall be conveyed or delivered to any Person or Persons, or shall be fonnd passing or in the course of Conveyance or Delivery to, or in the Custody or Possession of any Person or Persons, by virtue of or under pretext of any Permit or Permits, every Person who shall have obtained or made use of such Permit, or in whose Name or for whose Use such Permit shall be granted, shall forfeit the Sum of Thirty Shillings British Currency for every Gallon of Spirits mentioned in such Permit or Permits, by virtue or under pretext whereof such Spirits shall have been conveyed, or shall be found passing or in the course of Conveyance, or in the Custody or Possession of any Person, and all such Spirits shall be forfeited and may be seized 5 and every Officer of Excise who shall knowingly or wilfully grant any Permit for the Conveyance of any such Spirits, shall forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds Brthfb Currency; and the Proof that all Duties nave been paid, secured or satisfied on such Spirits, shall lie on the Claimant or Defendant.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever in Ireland shall obtain or procure, or cause to be obtained or procured, any Permit for the Removal from one Place to another of any Goods, f within the time limited in such Permit, all the Goods by such Permit authorised to be removed (Kali not be actually and really removed and delivered pursuant to the true Intent and Meaning thereof, or in case such Goods shall not be delivered to the Person or Persons and at the Place mentioned in such Permit as the Person or Persons to whom and the Place to which such Goods are by such Permit purported to be conveyed, then and in every such respective Case and Cases aforesaid the Person or Persons obtaining or procuring such Permit, or causing such Permit to be obtained or procured, or the Person or Persons for whole Use or Benefit, whether in part or in the whole, such Permit shall be obtained or procured, shall forfeit for all such Goods named in such Permit the respective Sums or Penalties herein after mentioned 5 (that is to say), for every Gallon of Wine, the Sum of Ten Shillings; for every Gallon of Spirituous Liquors, the Sum of Ten Shillings; for every Pound Weight of Tobacco, Snuff, Coffee or Tea respectively, the Sum of Tea Shillings; for every Barrel of Malt, the Sum of Ten Shillings; for every Hundred Weight of Hops or Sugar respectively, the Sum of Twenty Shillings; for every Gallon of Methegfin, Mead, - Sweets or Made Wines, or Vinegar, the Sum of Five Shillings; for every Piece of Silk, and for every Article of East India Goods, the Sum of Twenty Shillings; and upon the Trial of any Information for Recovery of any of the said Penalties or Sums of Money, the Defendant or Defendants therein shall be convicted, unless Proof shall be made by such Defendant or Defendants that all the Goods for the Removal of which such Permit was so obtained or procured were actually brought from the Person and Place mentioned in such Permit, and were actually delivered to the Person and at the Place expressed in such Permit.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Permit, which shall be sent with any Goods to any Dealer m or Retailer of such Goods, shall not be lodged with the proper Officer within the respective times limited and appointed for the lodging of such Permit, then and in every such Case every such Dealer or Retailer shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That the Duplicate of any Permit or Certificate of a Permit, or Renewal of any Certificate respectively, shall contain such Particulars as shall from time to time be dhne&ed by the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, and of Inland Excise and Taxes, according to their respective Jurisdictions, or any Three of them respectively: and the Duplicate of any Permit shall also contain the following Particulars; that is to say, the Number and Date of such Permit, the District where issued, and the Place from and to which the Goods therein mentioned are to be carried, and shall express the Quantity and particular Kind of such Goods, and the respective Name and Surname, and Place of Abode, of the Person or Persons fending such Goods, and of the Person or Persons to whom to be sent, and in case of a Company or Copsrtnerthip, the Name of the Firm, Company or Copartnership, and the time for which such Permit shaft be of force; and the Duplicate of any Certificate of any Permit shall, in addition to the foregoing Particulars, contain the Number and Date of such Certificate, and the District where issued; and every Duplicate of my Renewal of any Certificate shall contain the Number and Date of such Renewal, and the District where iffora, and the Date and Number of the Certificate of which the same shall be a Renewal, and the Quantity and particular Kind of the Goods then on Hands, and for the Protection of which such Renewal of Certificate shall be required; and every such Duplicate as aforesaid shall be deemed and taken to contain a fafficient Description of such stamit or Certificate respectively, and shall be deemed and taken as a Duplicate thereof respectry&y within the meaning of this Act, and it mall not be necessary to set forth otherwise or therein move fully tbs Contents of any such Permit or Certificate respectively.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Complaint or Information shall be mode or prosecuted, touching any Matter relating to or concerning any Permit or Certificate, whenever it may be weoeaapy to prove the granting or issuing of any such Permit or Certificate, the Duplicate of such Permit or Orftificoae respectively shall in all Cases be deemed and taken, and shall be admitted os Evidence that such Permit or Certificate

A.D. 1819» 59° GEORGII III. C*J07* 9^3

tificate was granted and issued according to the Purport of such Duplicate, without producing or requiring the Production of the original Permit or Certificate which had been granted; and it shall not be necessary to prove any Order of the Commissioners of Customs or Excise, appointing or dire cling the Form of any such Permit or Certificate, or of any Duplicate thereof respectively.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That when any Person or Persons shall obtain or procure, or cause Pemute and to be obtained or procured, any Permit or Certificate, or when any Permit or Certificate shall be obtained or procured for the Use of any Person or Persons, and shall have been uiied accordingly, every, such Permit and Persona ob- Certificate respectively shall be taken to be good and effectual as against the Person or Persons who shall have lining them; obtained or procured, or cause to be obtained or procured, or for whole Use such Permit or Certificate was

obtained or procured, as the case may be, and by and for whom or on whose behalf the lame bad been used \ and upon the Trial of any Information or other Proceeding respectively, in any manner touching or concerning "d Informality any such Permit or Certificate, it shall not be competent to or for any such Person or Persons to allege any t>UL

Informality or Defeat in any such Permit or Certificate. eageaon

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Officer of Customs or Excise authorised to grant Per. Officer deliver-writs, Coast Cockets, Certificates or Tickets, shall deliver out or suffer to be delivered out any Paper prepared2J8 ol?t

or provided or appointed by the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or of Inland Exdfo and Taxes in Ireland, to be used for Permits, Coast Cockets, Certificates or Tickets, in blank, or before such Permit, ormaking Coast Cocket, Certificate or Ticket respectively shall be filled up and issued, pursuant to the Directions of false Entries, this Act; or if any such Officer shall knowingly give or grant any false or untrue Permit, Coast Cocket, See. or per. Certificate or Ticket, or shall make any false or untrue Entry in the Duplicate of any Permit, Coast Cocket, netting the Certificate or Ticket, given or granted by him, or shall knowingly and willingly receive or take any Goods 8*me> into the Stock of any Person or Persons, brought in with any false, untrue or forged Permit or Co2$ Cocknt, or shall knowingly and willingly grant any Permit or Coast Cocket for the Removal of any Goods out of and from the Stock of any Person or Persons who shall have received or retained any such Goods under or by virtue or pretext of any such false, forged or untrue Permit, Coast Cocket or Certificate; or if any such Officer shall knowingly permit or suffer the lame to be done, directly or indirectly; every such Officer to offending, being Peouky took thereof lawfully convicted, shall for each and every such Offence forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall fraudulently alter or erase any Unduly altar-Permit, Coast Cocket, Ticket or Certificate, after the same shall have been respectively granted by the proper

Officer of Customs or Excise, or if any Person or Persons shall knowingly or willingly give any altered or*

erased, false or untrue Permit, Coast Cocket, Ticket or Certificate, or if any Person or Persons shall knowingly or willingly accept or receive any altered or erased, false or untrue Permit, Coast Cocket or Certificate, with or for any Goods, or if any Person or Persons shall knowingly or willingly utter or make use of any such Permit, Coast Cocket, Ticket or Certificate, every Person so offending shall for each and every such Offence Penalty 100L forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XL. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall at any time counterfeit or forge, or Counterfeiting cause or procure to be counterfeited or forged, or assist in counterfeiting or forging, any Permit, Coast Cocket &c'*

or Ticket, or any Part of any such Permit, Coast Cocket or Ticket, or any Certificate of any Permit, or any Sgor Part of such Certificate; or shall counterfeit any Imprefiton, Stamp or Mark, or cause or procure to be ^em.

counterfeited, or assist in the counterfeiting any Impression, Stamp or Mark# provided or appointed or to be provided or appointed by the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or of Inland Excise and Taxes respectively for the time being, or any Three of them, according to their respective Jurisdictions, to be put to or upon such Permit, Coast Cocket, Ticket or Certificate respectively; or shall give or make use of any counterfeited or forged Permit, Coast Cocket, Ticket or Certificate, knowing the fame or any part thereof to be forged or counterfeited } or shall make use of any Permit, Coast Cocket, Ticket or Certificate, with any such counterfeited Impression, Stamp or Mark, knowing the same to be counterfeited; or if any Person or Persons shall knowingly or willingly accept or receive any counterfeited or forged Permit, Coast Cocket# Ticket or Certificate, or shall knowingly or willingly receive any Certificate founded on any counterfeited or forged Per-Boot; every such Person or Persons, being thereof legally coavicted in any of the respective Case or Cases Transportation aforesaid, shall be adjudged gurity of Felony, and shall be transported for the Term of Seven Years. 7 Years.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That where the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland Paper and flail at any time have heretofore provided, or shall at any time hereafter provide Moulds or Frames for the Plates, See. Sm making of Paper to be used for Permits for the Removal of any Goods, or for Certificates of such Permits, Permits, &c. to or for Tickets to be affixed on any Cask or Vessel removed under Permit, with any Words or Figures visible by

in the Sub fiance of such Paper, and have heretofore provided, or shall hereafter mom time to time provide, printed by- Plates engraved with certain Stamps, Marks and Devices, or Types cast in any particular Form for the Commissioners, printing, Stamping and marking the said Paper, all Permits, Certificates and Tickets, for the Purposes aforesaid, shall be printed by or with the said Plates or Types on Paper so made; which said Paper shall be made, and the said Plates engraven, and Types cast by such Person or Persons as have been or shall he for that Purpose from time to time authorised and appointed by the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, under their Hands and Seals.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons not authorised and appointed by the Making or sold Conutfissioners as aforesaid, and not for the Use of the said Commissioners, shall make, or cause or procure frames

to be made, or shall knowingly aid or assist in the making, or without being so authorised or appointed shall pQt0^ knowingly have in his, her or their Custody or Possession, without lawful Excuse (the Proof whereof ffiaW making such lie on the Person accused), any Frame, Mould or Instrument for the making of Paper, with the Wards, Eapar, or e*. Marks or Devices, peculiar to and appearing so the Subfance of the Paper used by the said Commissioners of graving or

6 K 2 Inland* #u*

e

Pbtes, in Imi-tetion of those authorised by Cotaxniisionert.

Assisting, &c.

Transportation*

Inland Excise and Taxes for such Permits, Certificates or Tickets, or with any or Part of such Words, Marks or Devices, or of any of them, intended to imitate and pass for the fame; or if any Person (except as before excepted) shall make, or cause or procure to be made, or knowingly aid or assist in the making any Paper, in the Substance of which the Words, Marks or Devices peculiar to or appearing in the Substance of the Paper used by the said Commissioners for such Permits, Certificates or Tickets, or any or Part of such Words, Marks or Devices, or of any of them, intended to imitate and pass for the fame, shall be visible; or if any Person (except as before excepted) shall knowingly have in his or her Custody or Possession, without lawful Excuse, (the Proof whereof shall lie on the Person accused, ) any Paper whatever, in the Substance of which the Words, Marks or Devices peculiar to and appearing in the Substance of Paper used by the said Commissioners for such Permits, Certificates or Tickets, or any or Part of such Words, Marks or Devices, or of any of them, intended to imitate and pass for the fame, shall be visible 5 or if any Person (except as before excepted) shall, by any Art, Mystery or Contrivance, cause or procure, or knowingly aid or assist in causing or procuring the Words, Marks or Devices peculiar to and appearing in the Substance of the Paper used by the said Commissioners for such Permits, Certificates or Tickets, or any or Part of said Words, Marks or Devices, or of any of them, intended to imitate and pass for the fame, to appear visible in the Substance of any Paper whatever; or if any Person (not authorised or appointed as aforesaid) shall engrave, call, cut or make, or cause to be engraved, cast, cut or made, any Plate, Type or other thing in Imitation of or to resemble any Plate or Type made or used by the Direction of the said Commissioners for the purpose of marking or printing of the Paper to be used for such Permits, Certificates or Tickets; every Person so offending in any of the Cases aforesaid shall be adjudged a Felon, and shall be transported for the Term of his or her Life, or for the Term of Seven Years, as the Court who shall try such Person shall direct.

Forfeiture of Goods to Include Casks and Package.

Contracts, &c* for Goods requiring a Permit and none given, 00 when Goods greater in Quantity than expressed in Permit, such Contracts, &c. void; and where Money has been paid it may be recovered-

permits no Protection for Goods against Forfeiture, unless Proof of Duty paid, &c.

False swearing*

Perjury.

Recovery and Application of Forfeitures.

14 A 15 C. 2. (I.) Scss.4. c. 8.

46 G. 3. c. 106.

XL 111. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any Goods, Wares or Merchandise shall be forfeited and liable to be seized under any of the Provisions of this Act, all Calks, Jars, Bottles and other Vessels, Cases, Sacks, Bags, and all and every Package and Covering whatsoever in which such Goods, Wares or Merchandise shall be found, shall also be forfeited, and may be seized.

XLIV. And be it enacted, That all Contrails, Promises, Assumptions, Bills, Notes, Bonds, Judgments or other Securities, where the Whole or any Part of the Consideration thereof respectively shall be for the Value or Price of any Goods for the Removal of which a Permit is by this Act required, and with which such Permit shall not have been given, or which shall be for the Value or Price of any greater Quantity of such Goods than that expressed in the Permit which shall have been given therewith, shall as to all such Value or Price respectively be null and void, and no Ailion or Suit shall be maintained or maintainable in any Court of Law or Equity for the Recovery of any such Value or Price respectively 5 and if such Goods shall have been fold for ready Money, or if the Person or Persons felling the same shall otherwise have been paid or satisfied for die Value or Price thereof, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons who shall have so paid or satisfied such Value or Price, to recover from the Seller of such Goods the Amount of the Value or Price of such Goods for which such Permit for the same shall not have been given, or of so much of such Goods as shall exceed the Quantity mentioned in the Permit for conveying the lame, as the case may be, to be sued for and recovered by Action of Debt or on the Case in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record in Dublin, or by Civil Bill in a Court of competent Jurisdiction 5 and such Permit, or the Duplicate thereof, or any Certificate granted by any Officer of the Revenue in lieu of such Permit, shall be Evidence of the Quantity mentioned in such Permit.

XLV. And Whereas it frequently happens that Permits and Certificates are obtained fraudulently, in order to proteil Goods the Duties on which have not been paid; For Remedy whereof, be it enacted, That if any Goods for the Conveyance of which a Permit is by thitf Ail required mall be seized for any Breach of any of the Laws relating to the Revenue of Customs or Excise in Ireland, such Goods shall be condemned and adjudged forfeited, notwithstanding that the Claimant shall prove that a Permit was produced when such Goods were conveying from one Place to another, or that a Permit or Certificate was produced after such Goods had been conveyed, unless the Claimant shall also prove in such Case the Payment of the Duties for the identical Goods so seized, or the Sale of such Goods had by reason or in consequence of a Forfeiture and Condemnation thereof (as the case may happen.)

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person who shall take any Oath or make any Affirmation by this Act required to be taken or made, shall wilfully or knowingly swear or affirm falsely therein, every such Person being duly conviiled thereof shall suffer the Pains and Penalties to which Persons guilty of wilful or corrupt Perjury are or shall be subject by any Law in force in Ireland; and if any Person shall corruptly procure or suborn any other Person or Persons to swear or affirm falsely in any such Oath or Affirmation, every such Person being duly conviiled of such procuring or fubormng shall for every such Offence incur and suffer such Penalties, Forfeitures, Pains and Disabilities, as Persons conviiled of Subornation of Perjury are respectively liable unto by any Law in force in Ireland.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures under this Act shall be paid and payable in British Currency, and shall be raised, levied, collected, paid, sued for, recovered and applied, in such manner, and under such Powers and Authorities, and by such Ways and Methods, and according to such Rules and Directions, as are appointed, directed and expressed for the recovering of any Penalties or Forfeitures in and by an Ail made in Ireland in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of Elis late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled An Act for the settling of the Excise or new Impojl upon His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, according to the Book of Rates therein inserted; or in and by an Act made in the Forty sixth Year of rlis present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to provide for the better Execution of the several A3s

relating

985

A.D. 1819. 59° GEORGII III. C. 107, 108.

relating to the Revenues, Matters and Things under the Management of the ComsnMoners of Customs and Port Duties, and of the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland; or in and by any other Act or A (Els in force in Ireland relating to the Revenues of Customs and Excise, or either of them, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the fame were herein repeated and re-enacted; with the like Remedy of Appeal to and for the Party or Parties aggrieved, as in and by the said recited Act of the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, or any other Act or A 61s as aforesaid, is provided.

XLVIII. And be it enacted, That this Act shall commence and take effect from and after the First Commence-Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty, except in Cases where any other time is expressly ment Act mentioned for the Commencement of any Provision in this Act contained.

CAP. CVIII.

An Act to amend several Acts relating to the Poll Office and Conveyance of Letters in Ireland.

[12th July 1819.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Parliament; of Ireland, in the Twenty third and Twenty fourth »3 A4 G.j.

4 W Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for establishing a Post Office there, it is enacted, that so often a7* (*)

1 as any Deputy or Deputies, or other Person or Persons to be employed in receiving or collecting the Postage

of Letters or Packets, or any of the Revenues of the Post Office, shall happen to be in arrear to His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, in any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding the Sum of Ten Pounds,

it shall be lawful for His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, to iue for and recover such Arrears in a sum-

mary Way, by Process or Civil Bill, in manner by the said Act directed: And Whereas it will be advantageous to the said Revenue that such Mode of Recovery of Arrears should be extended to Sums not exceeding the Sum of Fifty Pounds Irish Currency Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Arrears not Act, so often as any Deputy or Letter Carrier, or other Person or Persons employed or to be employed in exceeding 50L receiving or colle6fing the Postage of Letters or Packets, or any of the Revenues of the Post Omce in against Ireland, shall happen to be in arrear to His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, in any Sum or Sums of twCa^ersAo. Money not exceeding the Sum of Fifty Pounds Irish Currency, it shall and may be lawful to and for His may be racoL" Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, to sue for and recover from such Deputy or Letter Carrier, or other veredby CivflJ Person or Persons, or from his, her or their respective Surety or Sureties, in a summary Way, by Process or Bill.

Civil Bill, before the Chairman or Assistant Barrister of any County, County of a City, or County of a

Town, or before the Recorder of the City of Dublin, or Chairman of the Quarter Session in the County of

Dublin, every such Sum and Sums of Money, not exceeding Fifty Pounds Irish Currency in the whole,

together with the usual Costs upon serving such Deputy, Letter Carrier, or other Person or Persons, or his. Costs.

her or their Surety or Sureties, or any of them, with Process or Civil Bill, Eight clear Days at least before

the First Day of any Quarter Sessions to be held for the County, County of a City, or County of a Town,

in which such Deputy, Letter Carrier, or other Person or Persons, or his, her or their Surety or Sureties, or

any of them, shall rende at the time of the Service of such Process or Civil Bill; and that if any such Deputy

or Letter Carrier, or other Person or Persons, or his, her or their Surety or Sureties, or any of them, shall

appeal from any Decree to be made against him, her or them, or any of them, and such Decree shall on the Appeal.

Hearing of such Appeal be affirmed, all and every Persons and Person against whom such Decree shall be

affirmed, shall pay to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, Double the Costs of such original Decree 5 and Doubl Coste.

every such Affirmance of such Decree shall be binding and conclusive on all the Parties therein, in all Courts

of Law aiyl Equity, and shall not be questioned or set aside.

II. And Whereas it will increase the Revenue of the said Post Office, and accommodate the Public, if

Charitable Institutions or Societies shall be permitted to fend printed Notices and printed Letters, relating

solely to the Business of such Institutions or Societies, by Post unsealed at reduced Rates of Postage Be it therefore enacted, That all Rates and Duties for the Portage and Conveyance of such printed Notices and Postage of printed Letters, sent by the Post in Ireland, payable under any Act or Acts in force in Ireland, immediately before the passing of this Act, shall from and after the passing of this Act cease and determine; and that from &c 1(j# , 9

and after the passing of this Act it shall and may be lawful to and for the Postmaster General of Ireland for the Doien. time being, and his or their Deputy or Deputies, Servants and Agents, to and for the Use of His Majesty,

His Heirs and Successors, to demand, have, receive and take, for the Postage and Conveyance of all Notices

or Letters, which shall be printed on a Angle Sheet of Paper, and shall relate solely to the Affairs or Business

of any Charitable Institution or Society in Ireland, and which shall be delivered into any Post Office folded

and directed, but without any Seal or Wafer, or other Matter to close or fallen the fame, and shall be Not to be sealed

carried, conveyed or sent Post from the General Post Office in Dublin to the several Post Towns in Ireland, or watered.

or from the several Post Towns in Ireland to the General Post Office in Dublin, or by the Penny Post in the

City of Dublin, or any other City or Town in Ireland, according to the Rates following; (that is to say),

for the Port and Conveyance of Twelve, or any lesser Number of such Notices or Letters, the Sum of One Rates of

Penny; for every additional complete Number of T welve of such Notices or Letters, the further Sum of One Postage.

Penny 5 and for any Number of Letters less than Twelve, exceeding One or more complete Set or Sets or

Numoer or Numbers of Twelve, the further Sum of One Penny; which Sum or Postage shall be paid at the

Post Office where such Notices or Letters shall be deposited for Conveyance, and previous to the lame being

dispatched by the Post.

9#6

Hails not to pay Tolls more than once a Day in each District of Road.

Postmasters General to cause Accounts to be kept, and pay Tolls quarterly oo Bridges, on Four wheeled Cawnges carry* ing Mcds, under 43 G. 3. c. a8. §24.

No Postage of Letters sent or received to or from beyond Sea, between Dublin and Howth, or Waterford and Dunmore.

limits of Penny Pest, &c. may be extended by Consent of Lord Lieutenant

C. ro8, 109. 59° GEORGII III. A.D. 1819.

III. And Whereas Arrangements are making for the Portage and Conveyance of Mails and Bars of Letters by Coaches in Ireland with increased Expedition, and it may happen that by Change of Hones in the fame Dtvilion of Road, an additional Toll may be charged and chargeable on such Coaches, to the Diminution of the Revenue of Pottage in Ireland Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, no Mail Coach, Mail Diligence or Mail Cart, conveying or employed to carry any Mail or Bar of Letters in Ireland, shall be charged or chargeable with any Toil more than once in the fame Division or Road in the same Day, calculating from Twelve o'Clock at Night till Twelve o'Clock the succeeding Night; and that no Change of Horses shall subject any such Coach, Diligence or Cart to any additional Toll at any Turnpike Gate whatsoever; any Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it declared and enacted, That the Postmaster or Postmasters General of Ireland, shall cause an Account to be kept from time to time of all Tolls payable on Four wheeled Carriages, conveying or employed to carry any Mail or Bag of Letters in Ireland, at the several and respective Turnpike Gates or Bars erected upon or at the Ends of any Bridges in Ireland through which such Carriages shall pass, and shall from time to tuna cause the Amount of such Tolls to be paid to the Treasurers of the said Bridges or Turnpike Gates or Bars, or other Persons to whom such Tolls are respectively payable, by Four Quarterly Payments, in like manner to all Intents and Purposes as the said Postmaster or Postmasters General are required to do under the Directions of an Act made in the Forty third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for granting h His Majepy certain Rates and Duties upon Letters and Packets Jent by the Pofi within Ireland, with refoeA to such Tolls payable at the several and respective Turnpike Gates in Ireland; and that the said Postmaster and Postmasters General of Ireland shall, within Three Calendar Months next after the patting of this A A, pay all Arrears of any such Tolls at any such Bridges as may be due at the time of the passing of this Act; any Usage or Custom to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

4 V. And Whereas Letters and Packets directed to or from Places in Ireland from or to any Part or Parts in Great Britain, or beyond the Seas, are now sent to and shipped from the Harbours or Packet Stations of Howth near Dublin, and Dunmore near Waterford; and Doubts have arisen whether any Rate of Pottage is*payable on such Letters between Dublin and Howth, and between Waterford and Dunmore; 9 Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, no Letters or Packets directed from any Place in Ireland to any Part or Parts of Great Britain, or beyond the Seas, or received in Ireland from Great Britain, or any Part or Parts beyond the Seas, shall be subject or liable to be charged with or pay any Rate for their Portage and Conveyance to Dublin from Howth, or from Dublin to Howth, nor to Watcsford from Dunmore» or from Waterford to Dunmore; any ConstruAion or Usage to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Postmaster General of Ireland for the time being, by and with the Consent and Approbation of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, to enlarge and extend the Limits of the Penny Post in the City of Dublin, and to appoint Offices to be called Receiving Houses for Penny Post Letters in the said City, or County of the said City, and in any Parts adjacent to the said City and Suburbs, within the Distance of Six Miles from the General Post Office in the said City, and to demand, have, receive and take for the Portage and Conveyance of all Letters and Packets conveyed by such Penny Poll, according to such Rates as are or may be payable by Law for Letters conveyed by the said Penny Post not more than Four Miles from the said Post Office, under or by virtue of any Act or Acts in force att the time of the passing of this Act; and all the Provisions of att such AAs shall extend and be construed to extend to the said Distance of Six Miles, in like manner as the fame under any of the said Acts extend to the Distance of Four Miles, and as ifrthe said Distance of Six Miles were mentioned in the said Acts and every of them, instead of the said Distance of Four Miles.

CAP. CIX.

[, An Act for the further Encouragement and Improvement of the Irish Fisheries.

[12th July 1819.]

WHEREAS the Improvement of the Irish Fisheries, and more especially the White Herring Fishery, is an ObjeA of the most essential Importance to the Wealth and Commercial Profperifcy, as well as to the Naval Strength of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; for the Attainment of which it is expedient that more effectual Regulations should be made, in order to the ensuring a due and proper Attention to the curing, farting and packing of such Herrings and Fish; and that the Credit of the Fisheries of the United Kingdom in our Colonies, and in Foreign Parts may be maintained: 9 Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and

Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That a Bounty of Fifty SLallingsper Ton shall be paid annually out of His Majesty's Revenues under the Jtanrty of 50s. Management of the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties in Ireland, to the Owner or Owners of per Ten on all such decked Vessel or Vessels of not left than Fifteen Tons Burden, or to the Person or Persons hiring or noflas thajTi8* c^arteS such Vessel or Vessels, which mow arc or hereafter shall be fitted out from any Port in Ireland, for TonsBurden^ -fitting and curing Fish in the Irish Fisheries, in manner and under the Conditions herein after mentioned: up to 60 Toni. Provided always, that no Bounty shall be paid on any such Vessel or Vessels for any greater Number of Tons than Sixty.

Conditions on

II. And be it further enacted, That no such Vessel shall be entitled to the said Bounty, or any Part which such thereof, unless such Vessel or Vessels shall be of British or Irish Built, or be a Prize Vessel legally condemned in ^bui^Bount an7 Courts of Admiralty, nor unless such Vessel shall be owned by Subjects, haring their

as to Residence known and settled rlace of Residence for themselves and Families in Ireland, for Six Months at least pterions

to

A.D. 1819. 59° GEORGII III. C. 109. 987

to their failing, for the purpose of fishing and coring Fish as aforesaid; and if such Vessel shall bn entered or of Owners, intended for the Herring Fishery, such Vessel shall have on board, barrelled up in new Barrels, Sixteen Bushels Quantity of of Salt for every Twelve Barrels of Fish which such Vessel is capable of containing 5 and if such Vessel shall be entered for the White Fishery, then such Vessel shall have on board Nine Tons of Salt for the first Fifteen ±teglstry>

Tons which such Vessel shall tneafure, and one additional Ton of Salt for every Six Tons which such Vessel shall measure above Fifteen Tons; nor shall such Vessel be entitled to the Bounty. aforesaid, unless registered with the Collector or other Chief Officer of the Port to which such Vessel shall belong, if for the Herring Fishery, between the First Day of June and the Twenty fifth Day of December, and if for the White Fishery, on or before the Twenty fifth Day of March, in each and every Year, and shall proceed without Delay to inch Place of general Rendezvous as shall be appointed by the Commissioners of the Irish Fisheries to be appointed in manner herein after mentioned, and shall continue to fish for Three Months from the Time of commencing to fish, after Arrival at the Place of Rendezvous, or until such Vessel shall have taken and cured a full Cargo of such Fish; and the Collector or other Chief Officer of such Port as aforesaid, or such other Officer as mail be appointed for that Purpose, shall take an Account of the Admeasurement of such Vessel in the Mode prescribed for the Admeasurement of Vessels, by the Act now in force for the Prevention of Smuggling in Great Britain and Ireland; and such Officer shall txansmit to the said Commissioners of Fisheries a Certificate in Manner and Form following; vise*

T do hereby certify, That I have been on board the* Vessel called The whereof is Matter, now lying in this Port, and

bound to the Fisheries; and upon a strict Examination and Admeasurement, do find her to be a decked Vessel, built in that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called of the

Burden of Tons; that her Owners do to the bell of my Belief reside in this Kingdom; that

she is in all respe6b, according to my Judgment and Belief, a found, well built, well found and proper Vessel to be employed in the said r ifheries, and has also the Quantity of Salt on board specified in this Act: Dimensions of the above Vessel; viz. in Length,

in Breadth, making Tons/

III. And be it further enacted, That no Vessel shall be entitled to the said Bounty, or any Part thereof, unless upon her Arrival at the general Rendezvous, as herein after mentioned, she shall be visited by the Inspector, Surveyor of the Dittrift, or other Officer to be appointed for that Purpose, who shall certify in the following Words; viz-

T do certify, That the Fishing Vessel called The arrived in this Port the Day of One thousand; that I

boarded the said Vessel; that she is a decked Vessel; that I have examined her Register and Certificate of

" Admeasurement, from which it appears to me that she is of Tons Burden, and has on board

Bushels of Salt, and Barrels, as prescribed by this Act. Certified this Day

of One thousand eight hundred and /

And if, notwithstanding her said Register, it shall otherwise appear to the Inspector or Surveyor, or other Officer as aforesaid, that the Articles therein mentioned are not on board, the said Inspector, Surveyor or other Officer, shall report the Matter to the Commissioners of the Fisheries; and such Vessel shall not be entitled to any Bounty for the Fishing Season for which she shall have been cleared out.

IV. And be it further enacted, That no Vessel shall be entitled to the said Bounty, or any Part thereof, unless upon her Return into any Port of Ireland for her Discharge, the Person intending to claim Bounty by virtue

this Act shall, by himself or his Assignee, make due Entry of all Fish on board such Vessel, in such manner as Entries of imported Goods are made according to Law (for which Entry no Fee shall be paid); and subject to like Penalties, in case of Over Entry, as are incurred for short or undue Entry of Goods imported, by any Law or Statute now in force in Ireland; and that the Landwaiter who, in pursuance of the Warrant of the said Entry, shall discharge the said Fish, shall certify the same to the Collector or Comptroller of such Port; and such Landwaiter, or such other Officer as shall he for the purpose appointed, under the Provisions of this Act, shall also certify the Condition of such Vessel, and her Lading, and whether the Fish shall have been made up in Bulk or in Barrels, with the Quantity of each, and whether the Fish be well barrelled or packed, and certify the same.

V. And be it further enacted, 'f'hat no Vessel shall be entitled to the said Bounty, or any Part thereof, unless a Journal be delivered by the said Matter to the Collector of the Port, wfhich shall contain a true Account of the Transactions on board such Vessel, and kept by himself or one of his Crew; nor unless the said Vessel went out to Sea with the Equipment prescribed by this Act, for the purpose of fishing and curing Fish only, and for no other purpose whatsoever, and* was not otherwise employed during the Fishing Voyage of such VefleL

VI. And be it further enacted, That all the said several Certificates and Journals shall be transmitted by the Collector, Comptroller, Inspector or other Officer appointed as aforesaid, to the Commissioners of the Jrt/b Fisheries; and the said Bounty shall not be paid until the said Commissioners be satisfied of the faithful Dealings and Transactions of the said Matter and other Persons employed in such Vessel, with respect to such Voyage and Fishing.

VXI. And be it further enacted, That' of the aforesaid, Bounty of Fifty Shillings per Ton, by. this Act jprauted, do more than Twenty Shiffingg per Ton shall be paid for or on account of any such Vessel, unless it SiaR appear to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of the irish Fisheries, that the Fish was actually taken

Form of Certificate Sobs transmitted to

by Officer as to

Fitness of Vessel for the Fishery.

Visit and Certificate of Inspection of Vessels at the general Rendezvous.

No Bounty unless Entry (without Fee) of Vessel to-turning from Fishing. Certificate by Landwaiter of Discharge of Fish, &c.

No Bounty

of VeMel hop*

&c.

Journals and Certificates to be sent to Commissioners of Irish Fisheries

Distribution of Tonnage

No greater Bounty than for 60 Tons, nor greater than 50s.

Bounty payable on Half Barrels.

Rendezvous appointed by Commissioners.

Bounty of 3l. per Ton of Oil extracted from Whales, and from other Fish taken on the Coast; and also 4L for every Cwt. of Whalebone.

Bounties of 3s. per Barrel on Herrings, Sec. and 4*. per Barrel on cured Cod, &c.

But not on Fish in respect of which the Tonnage Bounty has been paid.

Collector to give blank Journals to Masters of Fishing Vessels.

Who are to make entries therein.

[Penalty.]

Measures for ascertaining Quantity of Herrings taken or bought.

Regulation for Size, &c. of Nets.

Using improper Nets, &c.

Unduly placing Nets.

C. 109. 59° GEORGII III. A.D. 1819.

Or bought by the said Vessel on the Voyage for which such Vessel claims such Bounty, and that the fame was landed well cured in found merchantable Order in some Port in Ireland; in which Case, out of the remaining Thirty Shillings of such Bounty, the Owner or Matter shall receive Six Shillings only per Barrel for every Barrel containing Thirty two Gallons Engl'tfB Wine Measure, wherein good, found, well cured and merchantable Herrings, gutted with a knife, shall be packed; and a Bounty of Four Shillings only for every Barrel of

food, found, w£U cured and merchantable Herrings, Pilchards and Mackerel not so gutted; and for every lundred Weight of well cured dried Lyng, Hake, Haddock, Glaffen, Cod or Conger Eel, Four Shillings only of such Bounty as aforesaid: Provided always, that no greater Bounty shall be paid on any Vessel or Vessels than for Sixty Tons, let her Admeasurement be what it may; nor shall there be paid on any Vessel a greater Amount of Bounty in the whole than Fifty Shillings per Ton on such Admeasurement, including the before mentioned Bounty 01 Twenty Shillings per Ton.

VIII. Provided always, and be it ena&ea, That for all such Fish cured and landed in Half Barrels, there shall be paid and allowed the Bounties aforesaid, in the same Proportion, and under the same Rules, R^ftric-tions and Regulations, as is herein enacted with respect to Herrings cured and landed in Barrels.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners of the Irish Fisheries, and they are hereby empowered and directed, to appoint general Places of Rendezvous on any Part of the Coatts of Ireland, for such Vessels as aforesaid, proceeding upon such Fishery^as shall appear to them fitting.for such Purpose, and shall give due Notice of the Places so to be appointed.

X. And be it further enacted, That for an Encouragement to all His Majesty's Subjects of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, who shall engage in the said Fisheries, there shall be paid out of His Majesty's Revenue under the Management of the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, a Bounty of Three Pounds per Ton for every Ton of Oil extracted from Whales, and Three Pounds* Ton for every Ton of Oil extracted from other Fish, taken on the Coatts of Ireland and manufactured therein, or an equivalent Bounty on the Blubber on its Importation, as the Commissioners of the Irish Fisheries may in their Discretion think fit to appoint; and also a Bounty of Four Pounds for every Hundred Weight of all Fins of Whales, commonly called Whalebone, taken on the Coatts of Ireland, and manufactured therein.

XI. And be it further enacted, That in order to give Employment and Encouragement to the industrious Poor residing on the Coatts of Ireland, there shall and may be paid a Bounty of Three Shillings per Barrel, to all Persons residing in Ireland, who shall cure and pack Herrings, Pilchards and Mackerel, according to such Rules and Regulations as the said Commissioners of the Fisheries shall make and appoint for that Purpose } and that there shall be also paid and allowed, under the like Rules and Regulations, to such Persons residing as aforesaid, and curing such Fish as aftermentioned, a Bounty of Four Shillings per Hundred Weight for all dried Cod, Lyng, Hake, Haddock, Glaffen or Conger Eel, taken on the Coatts of Ireland: Provided always, that no such Bounty or Bounties shall be paid on account of any Fish in respect whereof any Part of the aforesaid Bounty of Fifty Shillings per Ton shall have been paid, or shall be payable or allowable to the Matter or Owner of any Vessel or Vessels; and provided also, that the said Bounty of Three Shillings per Barrel on Herrings, Pilchards and Mackerel, shall not be paid or payable, unless the Inspector or -other Officer to be appointed for that Purpose, shall have previously inspected all such Herrings, Pilchards and Mackerel, and branded the Calks containing the fame, and shall certify in Writing to the Commissioners of the Irish Fisheries, that such Herrings, Pilchards and Mackerel are properly cured, packed and made up, either for the Home or Foreign Market.

XII. And for the more regular keeping the Journals of the Proceedings of such Fishing Vessels, be it further enacted, That at the time any Vessel is entered for the said Fisheries, the CoUe&or of the Port or other Officer appointed for that Purpose, under the Provisions of this Act, shall deliver to the Matter or Chief Officer of said Vessel a blank Journal Book, in such Form as the said Commissioners of the Irish Fisheries shall direct or appoint, signed by the said Collector or such other Officer, and ruled under distinct Heads; in which said Matter or some one of the Crew above the Age of Fourteen Years, shall enter an Account of the Proceedings of said Vessel, the Soundings upon the Coast and Fishing Banks, the Quantity of Fish taken by said Vessel, and the Quantity bought, and the times when respectively 5 and in default of so doing, such Vessel shall forfeit such Part of the Bounty a3 she might otherwise have been entitled to, as the said Commissioners of Fisheries shall think fit.

XIII. And for the better ascertaining the Quantity of Herrings taken and bought, be it further enacted, That every Vessel at the time of being entered for the Fisheries, shall have on board Two Half Barrels, each containing Sixteen Gallons, with which shall be measured the Herrings taken and bought by her; and the Entry in the Journal of the Quantity of Herrings taken and bought, shall be by the Number of Barrels or Half Barrels, and not by T<ue or Count.

XIV. And WTiereas the Quantity of Fish is diminished by Methods of Fishing which destroy the Spawn*and Fry of Fish Be it enacted, That no Drag Net or other Sea Net which hath a Mefh of less than Three Inches and a Half from Knot to Knot, shall be made use of in catching any kind of Fish, (except Herrings, Pilchards, Sprats, Shrimps and Prawns, and small Shell Fish for Bait, ) upon any Parts of the Coatts of Ireland, or within any of the Bays, Harbours, Rivers or Creeks thereof, nor shall any false or double Bottom, Cod or Paunch, or any other Net, though of legal Size, be placed upon or behind the other, in order to take and destroy small Fish; and if any Person or Persons shall make use of any Drag Net or other Sea Net which has a Mefh of less than Three Inches and a Half from Knot to Knot, in catching any kind of Fish (except Herrings, Pilchards, Sprats, Shrimps, Prawns and small Shell Fish for Bait) on any Parts of the Sea Coatts of Zrr-land, or within any of the Bays, Harbours, Rivers or Creeks thereof, shall place any false or double Bottom, Cod or Paunch, or any other Net, though of legal Size, upon or behind any other, in order to take and destroy

A.D. 1819. 59° GEORGII III. C. 109.

small Fish; such Person or Persons so offending, and being thereof convicted, upon his or their Appearance, or Default after Summons, before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of the County, or Inspector of the District where such Person or Persons so offending hath or have their usual Place of Abode, by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, which Oath such Justice or Justices of the Peace, or Inspector, is and are hereby empowered td administer, or by Confession of the Party offending, shall for every such Offence forfeit and lose such Net or Nets, which such Justice or Justices are hereby empowered to seize and destroy, and shall also forfeit a Sum not less than Forty Shillings, nor exceeding Ten Pounds, to be levied by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice or Justices of the Peace, or Inspector, before whom such Offender shall be convicted, by Distress and Sale of the Goods of such Offender, the One Moiety thereof to the Person who shall inform and prosecute for the fame, and the other Moiety to go and be disposed of to the Use of the Poor of the Parish where such Offender lives; and in case no sufficient Distress or Distresses can or may be had, whereout to levy the said Sum adjudged to be forfeited, that then the said Justice or Justices of the Peace, or Inspector, shall and may, by Warrant under his or th, eir Hands and Seals, commit such Person or Persons to the Common Gaol of the County or Place where such Offender shall be convicted, there to remain for any time not exceeding Thirty Days, unless such Offender shall sooner pay the Penalty so forfeited, upon Payment whereof he shall be discharged forthwith.

XV. And Whereas Shoals of Herrings are frequently frightened from the Entrance of the Bays and

Creeks, by Vessels mooring and shooting their Nets in improper Places, and by laying long Lines for taking g of Cod and Lyng across the Entrance of Bays and Creeks, and other Irregularities* Be it enacted, That no Vessel on the Coasts of Ireland shall moor or shoot their Nets in any Places which shall be forbidden by the Inspector or other Officer to be appointed; nor shall any Person shoot any Net or any long Line for taking of Cod, Lyng and other Fish, at any time nor in any Place which shall be forbidden by the said Inspector, or other Person duly authorised for such Purpose under the Provisions of this Act, under a Penalty of Twenty Pounds, to be levied in like manner as the other Penalties by this Act directed are appointed to be levied.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That no Nets shall be shot or wet for the taking of Herrings in the Day time, under the Penalty of Ten Pounds, to be recovered against the Owner or Owners of such Nets, or of the Vessel from which such Nets shall be shot or wet, and to be levied by Distress and Sale of his, her or their Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of the Inspector or Inspectors of the Fisheries; and if there shall be no Inspector, then by Warrant of a Justice of the Peace for the County whetein the Party or Parties do reside, and before whom the Offence shall be proved by the Confession of the Party accused, or by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses; which said Penalty, when recovered, shall be applied in such manner and to such Uses as the other Penalties hereinbefore mentioned are to be applied.

XVII. And Whereas, notwithstanding the Laws nowin force for the Regulation of the Fisheries of Ireland, by the Multitude of Boats that resort to the different Places of Rendezvous, many*of which shoot their

Nets in the Day time, and begin to fish before the Shoals of Herrings, Pilchards or Mackerel are settled in the

Bays and Creeks where they usually resort for Shelter, there is reason to believe that the Fisheries are much

injured, and that a Regulation with regard to the time of commencing the Fishery would be of great Advantage* Be it enacted, That in the several Places where Inspectors or other Officers are appointed, and

where Orders shall be given for the purpose by the Commissioners of the Irish Fisheries, or any Three of them, who are hereby empowered so to do, no Person shall be at liberty to shoot their Nets, until Notice for such Purpose shall be polled up by the Inspector of the District, under a Penalty of Twenty Pounds, to be levied as other Penalties in this Act directed. '

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That any Vessel or Boat which shall be laden at any Port or Place in Ireland with* Salt in Bulk or in Barrels, intended to be used in the curing of Herrings, Pilchards or Mackerel, in Bulk or in Barrels, such Herrings, Pilchards or Mackerel having been taken by the Mailer and Crew on any Part of the Coasts of Great Britain, Ireland or the Isle of Man, or purchased fresh by the said Mailer on any Part of the said Coasts, from the Crews of other British or Irish Boats by whom the lame were taken, shall be deemed and taken to be a Vessel or Boat fitted out for the Irish Herring, Pilchard or Mackerel Fishery, within the Meaning of this Act; and where any such Vessel or Boat, having been so fitted out for the Irish Fishery, and having proceeded to any Port of the Coast of Great Britain, Ireland or the Isle of Man, where the fishing of Herrings, Pilchards or Mackerel shall have been carried on, and the Mailer or Crew whereof shall have there taken or purchased Herrings, Pilchards or Mackerel fresh, and cured the fame in Bulk or in Barrels, shall arrive laden therewith in any Port or Place in Ireland, or where any Herrings, Pilchards or Mackerel, taken or purchased, and cured as aforesaid, shall have been transhipped out of any such Vessel or Boat into any other Vessel or Boat which shall arrive laden with the said Herrings, Pilchards or Mackerel in any Port or Place in Ireland, then and in either of these Cases, all such Herrings, Pilchards or Mackerel shall be deemed to have been brought from the Irish Fishery, within the Meaning of this Act.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Fish or Salt, or other Fish in Stores, shall be landed, or shall be unshipped with intent to be landed out of any Vessel or Boat arriving from the Irish Fishery, at any Port or Place where an Officer of the Fishery shall be stationed, without the Presence of such Officer of the Fishery as aforesaid, or shall be landed, or shall be unshipped with intent to be landed at any Port or Place where no Officer of the Fishery shall be stationed, without the Presence of the proper Officer of the Customs, all such Fish or Salt, or other Fishing Stores, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer of the Fishery, or of the Customs or Excise.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the Bounties hereby granted per Barrel on Herrings, Pilchards and Mackerel, shall not be paid or allowed for any Herrings, Pilchards and Mackerel which shall not have been

59 Geo. III. 6L taken

989

[Penalty.]

Application of Penalty.

Vessel* not to be moored.

Nets shot, or Lines laid contrary to Order of Inspector. Penalty OoL

Nets not to be shot, &c. for Herrings in the Day-time,

Penalty 10l.

Nets not to be shot till after Notice by Inspector,

Penalty ad. What Vessel* and Fish taken to be within the meaning of this Act.

Fish or Salt landed, without Presence of Officer, forfeited.

What Herrings, &c. and in what Barrel*,

Ac. entitled to Bounty.

Directions for branding, &c. Barrels "to wv title to Bbfmty.

Barrels on which Bounty paid to be produced and btfaaded.

Regulations respecting Rumination and Certificate of Officers, and branding Casks of Herrings, &c. for Bounty.

Debenture or Certificate for Bounty to be given, on complying with Conditions.

Whardetanp*

tmroftHa*

rings, &c- though produced for Bounty, shall not be entitled thereto.

C. 109. 5*9° GEORGII. III. A.Dii8ig>

taken in the Irish Fishery, or for any Herrings which shall be of bad or indifferent Quality, or for any broken, Herrings, Pilchards and Mackerel, or for any Herrings, Pilchards and Mackerel which shall not be in alT respects properly cured and packed, or of which the Barrel shall not contain of Fish, exclusive of the Weight of Salt and Brine, Two hundred and twenty four Pounds Weight, except Herrings, Pilchards and Mackerel intended to be exported to any Place out of Europe, which shall and are hereby required to be repacked with Great Salt, the Barrel of which Herrings, Pilchards and Mackerel shall contain Two hundred and twelve Pounds Weight of Net Fish; nor for any Herrings, Pilchards and Mackerel which shall be contained in any Barrel not of sufficient Strength, or not containing Thirty two Gallons English Wine Measure, or on which the Name of the Curer thereof, and the Name of the Port or Place where, and the Year when the fame were cured, shall not be branded with an hot Iron in large, legible, conspicuous and permanent Characters, or on which such Mark or Marks, Character or Characters, shall not have been fetat the Fishery, or shall not remain thereon distinctly legible, denoting the Day on which the fame were cured; nor for any Barrel of Herrings, Pilchards and Mackerel on which, at the time of its being produced to the proper Officer of the Fishery, in-order to be branded with a Mark or Character to denote that the Curer thereof is entitled to the Bounties pen Barrel hereby given according to the Directions of this Act, any Mark or Character shall be found to have been branded theretofore, pursuant to the Provisions of any former Act, nor until a Mark or Character ta denote that the Curer thereof is entitled to the Bounty hereby given, shall be branded thereon by order and in the presence of the proper Officer of the Fishery, after the same shall have been produced to andinfpeded.by. fuah Officer according to the Directions of this Act 5 and that the Bounties per Barrel hereby granted shall not be paid or allowed for or in respect of any Barrel or Barrels of Herrings, Pilchards and Mackerel, unless the same shall be produced to the proper Officer of the said Fishery, and branded in his prefenoe in manner by this Act directed, at such Fort or Place as is herein after directed respectively, and* no other; that is to say, if the said Herrings, Pilchards and Mackerel were cured on Shore, then the said Barrel or Barrels of Herrings, Pilchards and Mackerel shall be so produced, and branded at such Port or Place as shall have been appointed for that Purpose by the Commissioners of the Irish Fisheries; or if the said Herrings, Filchards and Mackerel were cured in any Vessel on Boat fitted out for the Irish Fishery, and were brought from the said Fishery in the fame or in any other Vessel, according to the Regulations of this Act, then the Barrel or Barrels of the said Herrings, Pilchards and Mackerel, shall be so produced and branded as aforesaid at the Port or Place to which the fame, shall have been so brought from the said Fishery.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the said Bounties per Barrel hereby granted on Herrings, Pilchards and Mackerel, shall be payable and paid to the Curer or Curers thereof, on the Produdiqn of the Fish to the proper Officer of the Fishery, in order to be branded and certified for the County; and on the fame being duly examined ancLcertified in manner following, that is to- say, such Officer or the Fishery, to whom any Barrels of Herrings, Pilchards and Mackerel shall be so produced, shall examine the Barrels, and insped the Herrings, Pilchards and Mackerel contained in all, or in such and so many of them as he in his Discretion (halLthink necessary, for the purpose of ascertaining whether the Herrings, Pilchards and Mackerel so produced, are - in every respect such as to entitle the Curer or Curers thereof to the Bounty hereby granted, according to the Provisions of this Act; and for that Purpose the said Cuner or Curers shall, at: his or their own Charge* upon being thereunto required by the said Officer, place or cause to be placed the said Barrels of Herrings, Pilchards and Mackerel in such convenient Order or Situation aa shall be pointed out by the said Officer, (the Outsides being free from- any Tar, Dirt or other Substance which may cover or conceal any Mark thereon, ) and open or cause to be opened any Barrel so produced, and rai(e or remove, or cause to be raised or removed, the* Herrings, Pilchards and Mackerel, or any Part thereof, out of such Barrel, and furnish the said Officer with Weights and Scales for weighing any Herrings, Pilchards and Mackerel, and/afEfl him effectually irv weighing, the fame; and upon ever)* Barrel of Herrings, Pilchards and Mackerel which on such Examination, and Inspection as aforesaid, shall be found by the said Officer to-be in all respects such as to entitle the Curer or Curers thereof to the Bounties per Barrel hereby granted, there shall be branded with an hot Iron, by order and in presence of the said Officer, such Mark or Marks, Character or Characters, as the Commissioners of the Irish Fisheries shall direct, and which shall denote whether the fame is bungpacked or repacked, and the Year in which the same shall be so branded, and the Officer in whole presence the same shall have been branded; all which being duly performed, the said Officer of the Fishery shall give the Curer or Curers of< the said Herrings, Pilchards and Mackerel, a Debenture or Certificate for the Payment of the said Bounties per Barrel, on the Number of Barrels of Herrings, Pilchards and Mackerel, so branded, which, on being allowed by the Commissioners of the Irish Fisheries, (such Allowance being dated in Writing under! the Hands of the Commissioners or any Three of them, at the Foot of the said Debenture or Certificate, ) the said Curer or Curers, or his or their Assigns, shall be entitled to the respective Bounties per Barrel on the Number of Barrels of Herrings, Pilchards and Mackerel therein contained; and the Commissioners of Cudoms and Port Duties, upon such Debenture being produced to them, shall without Delay cause the same to be paid.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Herrings, Pilchards and Mackerel, not caught or taken in the Irish Fiffieiy, or any Herrings, Pilchards and Mackerel, in respect whereof any Bounty per Barrel granted by any former Act shall have been paid or allowed, or any broken Herrings, Pilchards or Mackerel or any Herrings, Pilchards or Mackerel, mixed or packed with any such Herrings, Pilchards and Mackerel as aforesaid, or any Herrings, Pilchards or Mackerel (other than Herrings, Pilchards or Mackerel repacked with Great Salt) of which the Barrel shall not contain of net Fish, exclusive of the Weight of Salt and Brine, Two hundred and twenty four Pounds Weight; or any Herrings repacked with Great Salt, of which the Barrel shall not contain of net Fish, exclusive of the Weight of Salt and Brine, Two hundred and twelve

Founds

A.D. 1819. 5$j° (GEORGII III. C. 109. 99'1

Pounds Weight, or any Herrings, Pilchards or Mackerel, packed in any barrel which shall be of lese

Content or Capacity than Thirty two Galons Englt/b Wine Measure, shall be produced to any Officer of the

Fishery to be branded in his presence, and certified by him for the purpose of obtaining the Bounties for the

feme, or which having been lo produced and branded, shall be again produced to any such Officer for the

feme Purpose, or having been so produced and branded, the Mark or Marks, Character or Characters set

thereon, as directed under the Provisions of this Act, ffidll not appear thereon distinct and legible, all such

Herrings, Pilchards and Mackerel, with the Barrel or Barrels containing the fame, shall be forfeited, and Penalty.

shall and may be seized by any Officer of the Fishery or Customs 5 and if any Herrings, Pilchards or Disputes as to

Mackerel, not beirig hereby forfeited, shall be produced to any Officer of the said Fishery for the purpose Herrings, i&c.

aforesaid, and such Officer shall deem such Herrings, Pilchards or Mackerel to be of bad or indifferent beingsentitled

Quality, or not properly cured or packed, or the Barrel or Barrels in which the same shall be packed not to

be of sufficient Strength, and that for such Cause he shall think the Curer thereof is not entitled to the two Arbitrate*

Bounties per Barrel under this Act, such Officer shall without Delay apply by Petition, Hating the Matter in to be nominated

dispute to any Justice of the Peace residing at or near the Place where such Herrings, Pilchards or by Justice of

Mackerel shall be produced, giving Notice thereof to the Curer that he may attend the Hearing, if he shall P«ce as herein

think fit; and Such Justice of the reace shall forthwith nominate and appoint Two skilful Persons, who shall mentioned*

have no Interest in the Matter m dispute, one to be nominated by the Officer, and the other by the opposite

Party; and if either Party shall fail to make such Nomination before or at the time when he shall be

required by Authority of the said Justice (not being longer than Twenty four Hours from the time of being

required to make such Appointment) so to do, then the said Justice shall nominate One skilful Person, not

interested in the Matter m dispute, in his Place, and the Two Persons so appointed, upon Examination of Certifiostoof

the Matters in dispute, shall certify on their Oath^ to be taken before the said Justice, their Opinion on the Arbitrates.

Matters aforesaid, and if they shall agree in their Opinion, the Matter in dispute shall be determined

accordingly; but if the said Arbitrators so to be appointed shall differ in Opinion thereon, the said Justice Uwiptne.

shall require them to name One other skilful Person, not interested in the Matters in dispute, which Person

so nominated shall examine the Matters in dispute, and upon such Examination shall certify upon Oath, to be fibisifaefcoiof

made before the said Justice, his Opinion thereon, and the said Matter shall then be finally determined Umpire.

accordingly.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That if the Curer or Proprietor of any Number of Barrels of stepaddag Herrings, Pilchards or Mackerel bungpacked, on which the Bounty granted by this Act shall have been bu«gp*cbod allowed, shall intend to repack the fame with Great Salt in the fame Barrels, and as many in addition HernnS#»*-thereto as with the original Number shall be necessary to contain the fame in a repacked State, the said

Curer or Proprietor shall give Twenty four Hours Notice in Writing, under his Hand, of his said Intention Notice to

to the proper Officer of the Fiffiety, and if upon Production of the said Herrings, Pilchards and Mackerel Officer.

so repacked as aforesaid, the said Curer or Proprietor shall upon the Request Note (which according to such

Regul lations as shall be made by the said Commissioners of the Irish Fisheries, he shall have delivered or cause

to be delivered to the said Officer) make oath before him, that the Herrings, Pilchards or Mackerel contained Oath that tl*y

in the Barrels so produced (mentioning the Number) in a repacked State, are the very fame Herrings, «'Ae'«ani

Pilchards and Mackerel, without any Addition or Mixture whatever, that were originally in a bungpacked

State contained in that Part (mentioning the Number) of the said Barrels, whereof each is branaed with the Marks or Characters, denoting that the Bounty granted by this Act was allowed or paid thereon; and if

the Barrels of Herrings, Pilchards or Mackerel so produced, shall upon due Inspection and Examination be

found by the said Officer to be each of them well cured, propedy packed, and in all respects such as a Barrel

of Herrings, Pilchards and Mackerel, on which the said Bounty is claimed or allowed, is by this Act

required to be, he shall cause each of the said Barrels in which the said Herrings, Pilchards and Mackerel Officer to band

were originally cured, and in which the greater Part thereof shall be so repacked, to be branded with such the>-Barrels.

Marks ot Characters, in addition to those which shall have been already branded thereon, as the Commissioners of the Irish Fisheries shall direct, and as shall denote that the same are repacked, and by what Officer the

feme were inspected and examined after the repacking thereof; and the said Officer shall cause each of the

Barrels in which the remaining Part of the said Herrings, Pilchards and Mackerel shall be repacked, to be

branded with such Marks or Characters as by this Act are directed to be branded thereon, in case the feme

were produced to the said Officer, in order to obtain the Bounty granted by this Act, and had been by him

deemed to be entitled thereto, with such Addition to the same as the Commissioners of the Irish Fisheries shall think fit to direct, and as shall denote that the feme are so branded under the Authority of this Provision:

Provided always, that no Bounty shall be paid or allowed, nor shall any Certificate be granted for that No Bounty or Purpose, in Tefpeft of any such Barrel or Barrels of Herrings, Pilchards and Mackerel, repacked and Certificate in branded with such Marks or Characters, and with such Addition thereto as 1aft above mentioned, but that the feme shall nevertheless be liable to Forfeiture in all Cases where any Barrel or Barrels of Herrings, Pilchards Mhd Mackerel, on which the said Bounty shall have beeq allowed, would by this Act be.liable thereto.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Bounties per Barrel granted by this Act, shall not be paid or Weight of each Bowed for any Barrel of Herrings, Pilchards and Mackerel packed or repacked with Small Salt, which Barrel of Her-ftfoll not contain, eXclusive of Salt and Brine, Two hundred and twenty four Pounds Weight of Fish at the

least; or for any Barrel of Herrings, Pilchards and Mackerel repacked with Great Salt, which shall not which Bounty contain, exclusive of Salt or Brine, Two hundred and twelve Pounds Weight of Fish at the least.; or if any allowed. Barrel of Herrings, Pilchards and Mackerel, packed or repacked with Small Salt, and not containing, ettclufrre of Salt and Brine, Two hundred and twenty four Pounds Weight of Fish at the least; or if any Barrel of Herrings, Pilchards and Mackerel repacked with Great Salt, and not containing, exclusive of

6 L 2 Salt

992 C. 109.

59° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1819.

How Barrels of Refuse Herrings to be

[Penalty.]

Regulations as to Exportation of Herrings,

&c. in sufficient Barrels.

Certificate by Officer of Fishery.

Salt and Brine, Two hundred and twelve Pounds Weight of Fish at the least, shall be tendered to any Officer of the Fishery in order to obtain the aforesaid Bounty thereon, the same shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer of the said Fishery.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That all Herrings, being the Refuse of the Manufactory of Red Herrings, shall be packed in Barrels, on each of which the Word " Refuse" shall have been branded in the manner herein directed; and all such Herrings not packed in Barrels, on each of which the Word " Ref^fe" shall be so branded and remain distinctly legible, as well as all Herrings whatever mixed with Herrings of the said Description, whether packed or not, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer of the Fishery or of the Customs.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That no Herrings, Pilchards or Mackerel shall be exported or shipped from Ireland, or tendered to any Officer of the Irtfb Fishery, or of the Customs, to be shipped for Exportation, at any Port or Place in Ireland, for any Port or Place whatever, unless the Barrel in which the same shall be packed shall be at least half an Inch in Thick ness at the Bulge; or for any Foreign Port or Place in Europe, unless such Barrel shall be bound with Sixteen Hoops.at the least, made of Wood or Iron; nor shall any such Herrings, Pilchards or Mackerel be exported or shipped, or tendered to be shipped as aforesaid, for any Port or Place out of Europe, unless the Barrel in which the same shall be packed shall be a new Barrel and full bound, and have One Iron Hoop at each End, nor unless such Herrings, Pilchards and Mackerel shall have been repacked, and a Space of time not less than Fifteen Days shall have intervened from the Day when the fame were originally cured andpacked, before the fame were repacked, all which shall be made to appear to the Satisfaction of the proper Officer of the Fishery and of the Customs, at any Port or Place to which the same shall have been brought Coastwise for Exportation, by Certificate, to be granted by the proper Officer of the Fishery, at the Port or Place from which the fame were so sent Coastwise as aforesaid, and by the Exporter or his Agent, before any such Officer, that the Herrings, Pilchards or Mackerel tendered for Exportation, are the lame

Barrels not to be that were brought Coastwise with such Certificate; nor shall any Barrel of Herrings, Pilchards or Mackerel abipped for Ex- be exported or shipped, or tendered to any such Officer as aforesaid, to be shipped for Exportation at any sudfiu reoraked ^ort or ^acen ^re^an(^> for any Port or Place whatsoever, being branded with any Mark or Character to by denote that the Curer thereof is or was entitled to the Bounties under this Act, unless the same shall in all

nor unless respects be such as is by this Act required to entitle the Curer thereof to the said Bounty; nor shall any Barrel

Proprietor shall Herrings, Pilchards or Mackerel be shipped for Exportation, till the Proprietor or his Agent shall have have produced produced the same to the proper Officer of the Fishery, and performed every thing which mail have been required of him by the said Officer, and which the Curer on producing the fame in order to obtain the Bounty thereon, is by this Act required to perform; nor shall the fame be so shipped without the presence of the said Officer 5 and that all Herrings, Pilchards and Mackerel, with the Barrels containing the fame, which shall be exported, shipped or tendered to be shipped for Exportation contrary to this Act, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer of the Fishery or of the Customs.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Barrel of Herrings, Pilchards or Mackerel, repacked with Great Salt, -which shall not contain, exclusive of Salt and Brine, the Quantity of Fish herein after mentioned respectively at the least; (that is to say, ) if intended to be exported to any Port or Place in Europe, Two hundred and twenty four Pounds Weight, or if intended to be exported to any Port or Place out of Europe, Two hundred and twelve Pounds Weight, shall be shipped or tendered to any Officer of the Fishery, in order to be shipped for Exportation to any such Port or Place as aforesaid respectively; or if any Barrel of Herrings, Pilchards or Mackerel, being packed or repacked with Small Salt, which shall not contain, exclusive of Salt" and Brine, Two hundred and twenty four rounds Weight of Fish at the least, shall be shipped or tendered to any Officer of the Fishery, in order to be shipped for Exportation to any Port or Place in Europe, the fame fhaR be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer of the Fishery or of the Customs.

XXVIII. And in order to prevent any Frauds in the Exportation of Herrings, Pilchards or Mackerel, be it further enacted, That every Officer of the Fishery to whom any Barrels of Herrings, Pilchards or Mackerel shall be produced or tendered, in order to be shipped for Exportation, shall examine the fame, and inspect and weigh the Herrings, Pilchards and Mackerel in such and so many of the Barrels as he shall think proper, in order to ascertain whether the said Barrel or Barrels of Herrings, Pilchards and Mackerel, be in all respects such as may lawfully be exported, or shipped to be exported to the Port or Place for which the same shall be entered: Provided always, that if any Herrings, Pilchards or Mackerel contained in any Barrel or Barrels, which shall be so marked with any Mark or Character to denote that the Curer thereof is or was entitled to the Bounties per Barrel as aforesaid, not being prohibited to be exported for any Cause other than, on due Examination, their being found to be of such Description as not to entitle the Curer thereof to the Bounties per Barrel under this Act, and not of such a Description as would make them liable to Forfeiture, in case they were produced by the Curer with intent to obtain the said Bounty, shall be tendered to any Officer of the Fishery to be shipped for Exportation, and such Officer shall deem such Herrings, Pilchards and Mackerel to be of bad or indifferent Quality, or not properly cured or packed, or the Barrel or Barrels in which the same shall be contained not to be of sufficient Strength, and that for such Cause the fame cannot be allowed to be exported or shipped for Exportation, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this

How Disputes Act, the Herrings, Pilchards and Mackerel, or the Barrels containing the fame, shall be forfeited; and if in the Event of Retufal to allow the Exportation for any of those Carnes, the Proprietor shall not be satisfied 86 with the Opinion of the Officer, the Matter in dispute shall be settled ^nd determined in the same manner as

is hereinbefore directed in the case of a like Dispute arising between the Curer of Herrings, Pilchards and Mackerel, and the Officer of the Fishery to whom the same shall be produced in order to obtain the said Bounties.

same, and otherwise complied with this Act.

Weight of Barrels of repacked Herrings, &c. for Exportation.

[Penalty.]

Officers to examine Barrels of Herrings, &c. for Exportation, and may weigh same.

Herrings, &c. intended for Exportation bring found of bad Quality or not properly cured, &c. forfeited.

A.D. 1819. 59° GEORGII III. C. 109. 993

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful to ship or put on board any Buss, Vessel or Boat, at any Port or Place in Ireland, where an Officer of the Fiftiery shall be Rationed for the Irish Fiftiery, Salt, Nets, Barrels, and other Fishing Stores and Provisions for the Sustenance of the Crew thereof, and to carry and convey the same to the said Fiftiery, without a Sufferance or Warrant or Coast Cocket from the Officer of the Customs.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful to cure and pack Herrings, Pilchards and Mackerel taken in the Irish Fishery in Half Barrels; and that every Half Barrel of Herrings, Pilchards and Mackerel, packed or repacked, shall contain Half the Quantity of Fish, exclusive of Salt ana Brine, which a Barrel of Herrings, Pochards and Mackerel bungpacked or repacked, is by this Act required to contain respectively, and mall be entitled to Half of the Bounty by this Act granted in respect of Barrels of Herrings, Pilchards and Mackerel, and be subject to all Rules, Regulations, Penalties and Forfeitures, to which a Barrel of Herrings, Pilchards and Mackerel in the like Case is liable.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Officer of the Fiftiery to go and remain on board any Buss, Vessel or Boat, having on board any Salt, Barrels, or other Fishing Stores in Ireland, intended for the Irish Fiftiery, or being at any Place where Herrings or other Fish shall be taken and cured, or proceeding from any such Place for any Port or Place in Ireland, to examine the Condition of all Fish, Salt, Barrels or Nets on board of any such Buss, Vessel or Boat, and to put any Mark or Marks on the Barrel or Barrels on which any Herrings or other Fish shall be contained on board thereof; and the Master of every such Vessel or Boat shall, if required by any Officer of the Fiftiery so to do, produce and deliver to such Officer for his Inspection, the Certificate of Registry, (if such Vessel or Boat be liable to Registry, ) and the Licence, Certificate or Declaration which he shall have or ought to have on board, and shall rive to such Officer a true Account of the Name of the Owner or each of the Owners of such Buss, Vessel and Boat, and the Place where such Owner resides, and the Name of each of the Crew thereof; and if any Master of such Buss, Vessel or Boat as aforesaid, shall not, upon being required by any Officer of the Fishery so to do, comply with all or any of the Requisitions herein contained, every Person so offending shall forfeit and lose the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Officer of the Fishery, at all times when Herrings or other Fish are curing and packing or repacking, and at all other times in the Day (or if in the Night, in the presence of a Constable or other Officer of the Peace), to enter and come into any Cellar or Warehouse of any Curer of Herrings or other Fish, or into any Place where Herrings or other .Fish shall be cured, packed or repacked, to view and inspect the fame during the time of their being cured, packed or repacked, and to put such a Mark or Marks on any Barrel or Barrels in which they shall be packed or repacked, as they shall think fit, which Mark or Marks shall not be altered or defaced.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That every Person before whom any Oath is hereby directed or required to be made, shall be and every such Person is hereby authorised and required to administer such Oath 5 and if any Person or Persons shall wilfully make a false Oath, respecting any thing which by this Act is required to be sworn, every such Person shall, upon Conviction, be liable to all the Penalties for wilful and corrupt Perjury.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person other than an Officer of the said Fishery, or not being authorised by or without the presence of such Officer, shall fraudulently burn or brand, or cause to be burned or branded, or shall have in his Custody or Possession any Instrument for the purpose of burning or branding, on any Barrel or Cask of Herrings, Pilchards or Mackerel, any Mark or Marks, Character or Cha-rafters, which by virtue of this Act shall be appointed or directed to be burnt or branded on any Barrel of Herrings, Pilchards or Mackerel, by order and in presence of such Officer, or any Mark or Character in Imitation thereof; or if any Person shall alter, erase or falsify any Licence, Certificate, Account, Declaration, Oath or other Document prescribed by this Act, every Person so offending, on being convicted thereof before a Justice of the Peace of the County where the Offence shall be committed or the Offender found, being such Person, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay a Sum of Money not exceeding Ten Pounds, or suffer Imprisonment for any time not exceeding Three Calendar Months; and every Barrel or Cask on which any such Mark or Character shall be fraudulently burnt or branded as aforesaid, with the Herrings, Pilchards or Mackerel therein contained, and every Instrument which shall be in the Possession of any Person for the purpose of fraudulently burning or branding the fame, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer of the Fishery or Customs.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Mark set or branded on any Barrel of Herrings, Pilchards or Mackerel, by any Officer or Officers of the Fiftiery, pursuant to this Act, or to any Rules or Regulations which shall be made by the said Commissioners of the Irish Fisheries, shall be altered or defaced, every such Barrel, with the Herrings, Pilchards and Mackerel therein contained, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer of the Fisheries or Customs.

XX AVI. And be it further enacted, That any Disputes or Differences which shall or may arise between the Persons engaged on board any of the Vessels employed in the Irish Fisheries, and the Owner or Master thereof, touching any Demands which such Persons may have against such Owners or Masters for or on account of their Wages or Shares of their Earnings of such Vessels, where such Demand does not exceed Five Pounds, and also all such Complaints of such Owners or Masters against any of the Persons or Hands engaged on board such Vessels, for or on account of their absenting or withdrawing themselves from their Duty and Service on board any such Vessel, shall and may be determined by any of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County where such Disputes arise, or by the Inspectors or other Officers to be appointed, who are hereby empowered to give such and the like Relief, and by such and the fame Remedies and Means, and to

inffift

No Coast Cocket, Sec. required for Fishing Vessels with Salt, Sec. for Crew. Herrings, &c. may be packed in Half Barrel* of Contents herein mentioned.

Officers may go on board Fishing Vessels and examine

Fish, &c«

Masters of Vessels to produce and deliver to Officer Certificate of Registry, &c,

Penalty ook

Officers may enter Warehouses, &c. of Curers of Herrings, &c*

Perjury.

Unauthorised Persons fraudulently branding Casks, &c.

Erasing, See. Licences, Certificates, &c.

[Penalty.]

Casks of Hearings, if Brand defaced,

forfeited.

Disputes between Owners, Masters and Sailors, Sec. may be decided by Justices of Peace or Inspectors.

Officers of Customs may .go on board Vessels and search for Goods not entered, &c.;

andjnay tma*r Ac.

Inhabitants of United Kingdom, under IU-gulatkmof Act, may take Herrings, &c. on any Part of Coasts of G. 6. or Ireland, &c. Exception.

Without Pay-meniof Dues.

Exception. Penalty 2cl.

No Power to enter Demesnes, &c.

Returns of Offenders convicted under his Act made to Commissioners of fineries.

Not delivering up Offenders.

Penalty. Bounty payable to Owners of Fishing Vr — sla

wrecked, &c.

Herrings brought to any Port not fit for Food, &c, forfeited.

Commissioner of Fisheries authorised to remit Forfeitures.

C. 109. 59 GEORGII ILL A.D. 1819.

mfliA such and die like Penalties and Fumshments, ras the fesd Jufbces of "the Peace .are empowered to do in all .Cases of Disputes between Matters aadServamts, or Artifitees and their Employers, by all or any of the Laws now in being.

XXXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to rest rain, prevent or hinder any Officer or Officers of His Majesty's Revenue, w ho shall from time to time, be; deputed or appointed thereunto by the Chief Commissioners of Cidioms and Port-Duties for the time being, or the major Part of them, from going on board and entering into any Ship or Vefid whatsover, as well by Night as by Day, arriving and coming into any Port, Harbour, Haven, Creek or other Places, and to continue there on board until such Ship or other Vessel shall be fuHy unladen and discharged or again reladen, in pursuance of the Powers mentioned in this Act, but that it shall and may be lawful to and for such Officer and Officers to ester and go into any Ship or other Vessel, to .seize, fbrwy and make Search for any Goods or Commodities either put on board, any such Ship or other Vessel, or taken out and carried away, or intended to be carried away, without due Entry first had and made of the fame, or Payment of the Duties due and payable thereupon, and to feiae and carry away the fame, in the fame* Manner to all Intents and Purposes as may be done by any Law, Act or Acts of Parliament now in forcein this Kingdom; any thong herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Inhabitants of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, at all times and Seasona of the Year when they ihiU think proper, (subject nevertheless to the several Reflations contained in this Act>) freely to fish for, take and buy from Fishermen, and cure any Herrings, Mackerel, Cod and Lyag, or other &orts of Fish, in all and every Part of the Seas, Creeks and Bays wherefbever such Fish are to be found, or can or may be taken, on the Coasta of Great Britain or Inland* fare only in such Places as may be reserved by the Ssqperiatendanti, or by order of the Commissionert of the Itish Fisheries for the Preservation of the Fry, and for the better Order and Regulation of the Fishery; and that no other Person or Persons, except such Snporintendant, shall, under any Pretence whatsoever, presume to obflruA or hinder any Person or Persons from fishing in the Places aforesaid^ nor shall any Person presume to demand or receive any Dues, Sums of Money, or other Consideratkm whatsoever from the Inhabitants of the United Kingdom, for the Use of any Ports, Harbours or Waste Shores on the Coasts of Ireland, except for the Payment of such Harbour or Bier Duties ns are and by Law ought to be demanded for Ships, Vessela and Boats m Piers and Harbours which are built and artificially made; and that every Person or Persons fb offending shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds, to be recovered and levied and applied as other Forfeitures are herein after directed to be levied, recovered and applied: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall be conflruedto extend to the giving a Power to enter upon or use the Demesne Grounds, Gardens or Park of any Person, without Leave having been previously obtained.

XXXIX. And in order more effectually to secure the Performance of the several Requisites prescribed for obtaining the Bounties, and to enforce the Regulations for the better Preservation and Improvement of the said Fisheries; be it enacted, That the said Inspectors and other Officers to be appointed for that Purpose, shall return to the Commissioners of the Irtjfb Fisheries, the Name of the Mailer or Owner of any Vessel, or of any Mariner or other Person belonging to any Vessel, who shall be convicted of any Offence which shall be committed agaraft the Prorifiansof this A A, or any of them, and the Amount of the Fines imposed and levied; and the Master or Owner of such Vessel so convicted, or who shall refuse to deliver up any Mariner belonging to said Vessid, charged with an Offence, shall be deemed incapable of receiving any Bounty for such Vessel; and the Mailer or Owner who shall so refuse to deliver up any Mariner belonging to bat Vessel as aforesaid, shall incur a Penalty of Ten Pounds.

XL. And be it further enacted, That when any Vessel on her Fishing Voyage shall founder at Sea, or by Distress and Hardship of Weather.be forced on Shore, and wrecked, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Cuiloms and Port Duties in Ireland, to order Payment of such Bounty to the Owners of said Vessel, as they would hare been entitled to if such Vessel bad not foundered or been forced on Shore, and wrecked as aforesaid, or to the legal Representatives of such Owners in case of their being loft.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall bring into any Port, Haven or Creek in Ireland, any Herrings which shall not be good and fit for Man's Food, or which mail not be packed in Barrels or in Bulk regularly and in Layers, and not heaped together, unless the same shall be landed for tbs express purpose of smoaking, where Houses are built expressly for that Purpose in the manner of Tarmouth, commonly called Red Herrings, sod shall offer the same to be sold, then all and every the Owners thereof^ being convicted of such Offence before the Inspector of the Fisheries, or such other Officer as the said Coro-nnffioners shall for that Purpose appoint, or Collector of any Port, Hawn or Creek, shall lose and forfeit tbs fame; andiuch Part of said Fish that is not good as aforesaid shall be defkroyed, and the red shall be forfeited for the Use of the Poor.

XLUL Provided -always, and be it enacted, That whenever any Fish, Barrels or Casks, Salt, Nets or Netting, or any Boats shall be seized as forfeited by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of the Irish Fisheries, on Evidence given to their Satisfaction that the Forfeiture arose without any Intention of Fraud in the Proprietor or Proprietors, Claimant or Claim ante, or Person or Persons having the Custody, Care or Management for the time being of such Fish, Barrels or Casses, Sak, Nets, Netting or Boats, to order the same to be restored to such Proprietor or IVoprietors, or Claimant or Claimants in such manner and on such Terms and Conditions as under the Circumstances of the Case shall appear to the faklXotnmissioners to be reasonable, and as they shall think fit to direct.

59° GEORGII Ht

e.

109.

998

XLIII. And be it further crafted, That any Fine, Penalty o*Forfirifure-.by this Afthnposed, except in any Case where other Provision is hereby made, shall and may be sued for, recovered, levied and mitigated^ as any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture may be sued for, recovered and levied by any Law or Laws of Custams or Excise, or by Aftfonof Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Dublin respectively, or by Civil Bill in the proper Jurisdiction; and One Moiety of such. Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture shall be to the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors* and the other Moiety to such Person or Persons as shall inform or sue for the same.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the: Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, for the time being, under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, from time to time to nominate and appoint any Persons, not being less than Nine nor more than Twenty in Number, to be Commissioners specially for oveneeing, directing and improving the Fisheries of Ireland, to be called Commissioners of the Irish Fisheries, with"Power to them, or any Number of them, by the Instrument of Appointment to be determined, to execute or cause to be executed the Provisions of this Act in manner herein mentioned, and for that Purpose to appoint a Secretary, and such Clerks and other Officers under them, (such- Secretary, Clerks and other Officers being first approved of by the Lord Lieutenant, or 'other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being), as they the said Commissioners of the Irish Fisheries shall think fit; and also that it shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, to direct such Salaries or Allowances to such Secretary, Clerks and other Officers, and to any Officers of the Fishery to be appointed by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland as herein after mentioned, and all such other Expences as shall be incurred in the Execution of this Act, to be paid out of the Revenue of Customs and Port Duties arising in Ireland, as such Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors. shall think fit: Provided always, that po Person shall act as Commisiibner under the Authority of this Act, who shall be concerned directly or indirectly in the said Fisheries, or any of them*

XLV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners of the Irish Fisheries, to be appointed by virtue of this Act, before they shall proceed in the Execution of any Powers or Authorities veftfed in them by this Act save only the Power of administering the Oath herein after mentioned), shall severalTy take and subscribe the following Oath; that is to say,

J A. B: do swear. That I will faithfully and<haneftly, according to the bed of my Skill and Judgment* ' execute the several Powers and Traits reposed in me by an Act passed in the Fifty ninth. Year of the Reign of His Majesty Kingv George the Third* intituled [here insert the Title of this Act-\ according torthe' Terms and Purport of the said Act; and that I am not directly or indirectly concerned as an Adventurer

in the Fisherie&of/riZaii^onaiiy of them, or as a Curer of Herrings, and that fa long as I shall continue to act as a Commissioner under the said Act, I will not be concerned either directly or indirectly as an

Adventurer-in the Jiaid Fisheries, or any of them, or as a Curer of Herrings, So help me God.'

Which Oath any One of the said Cofnmiffibners may administer to the other or others of them.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners of the Irish Fisheries to be appointed by virtue of this Act shall and they are hereby required to deliver or cause to be delivered annually, on or before the First Day of June in every Year, to the Lord Lieutenant-9 or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, a foil and accurate Report of their Proceeding for the Year preceding; and shall also cause to be laid before both Houses of Parliament, within Fourteen Days after the Commencement of every Session next ensuing such First Day of June, a Copy of every such Report signed by the said Commissioners.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, to appoint Persons at the respective Places on the Coast of Ireland, where Herrings or other Fish are caught or cured, and at the Ports or Places where Vessels are usually fitted out for the Irish Herring Fishery, and where Vessels employed in the said Fishery usually discharge their Cargoes, and also at the Ports of Exportation, to be Inspectors and Officers of the said Fisheries, and to overlook the curing of all Herrings and other Fish caught, to take an Account of and clear out all Salt, Nets, Barrels and other Stores, shipped or put on board any Buss, Vessel or Boat for the said Fishery, and to inspect and take account of all Herrings and other Fish landed or exported, and to certify whether the Fish are properly pined, cured and packed, so as to be entitled to the Bounty by this Act grantea, or are fit to be exported: Provided always, that no Person shall be appointed an Officer for the Performance of any* of those Duties, unless fudi Person shall be skilful in the Trade of a Cooper, and in the curing and packing of Herrings and Fish, and folly qualified to execute the Duties which will be required of him under the Provisions of this Act; Certificates of which Qualification shall be transmitted to the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, or his or their Chief Secretary; and every such Officer so* to be appointed shall obey such Inftractions, Orders or Directions, as he shall from time to time receive from the Commissioners of the Irish Fisheries, to be appointed by virtue of this Act, signified under their Hands, or under the Hand of their Secretary.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Secretary and every Clerk or Officer of the Fishery to be appointed by virtue of this Act shall be liable to be suspended or dismissed from his Office or Employment respectively, by the said Commissioners of the Irij^ Fisheries, either for the Incompetency or for Neglect of Butyr Provided always, that every Inspector, Superintendant and other Officer of the Fisheries, and the Secretary and every Officer and Cferk of the Commissioners of the Irish Fisheries, and alT Officers whatever

appointed

How Penalties recovered.

Lord Lieutenant may appoint Commit* sionera for the> Irish Fisheries.

with Power to appoint Secretary and Officers.

Salaries.

Commissioners for the Irish Ffcbeoetaote

Oath*

Commissioner* to make Reports to the Lord Lieutenant and to

Lord Lieutenant to appoint Officers of the Fishery at Ports of Exportation, &c.

Qualification of Persons to be* appointed.

Officer* to obey Order of

of Fishery.

Officers of Fishery may be dismissed by Commissioneru Officer* bee sworn.

996 C. 109.

59° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1819.

0«h.

Commissioners may ascertain Measures for Herrings, &c.

Using Measures not marked by order of Corn-

Penalty, &c.

Provisions of this Act against fraudulent branding extended to this Provision. Obstruction Officers of Fisheries. Penalty ool.

Officers unduly taking Fees.

Loss of Office and Penalty iool.

Commissioners to make Rules as to Form of Journals, &c.

Commissioners to prepare Abstract of Boun- a ties, Regulations, &c.;

and the same signed to be distributed.

Admiralty, on Application of Commissioners of Fisheries, to appoint a Superintendent.

Oath of Super* hitendant.

appointed by virtue of this Act, shall, previous to his entering upon the Duties of his Office, take and subscribe the following Oath:

I A.B. do swear, That I will faithfully and honestly, according to the bed of my Skill and Judgment, execute the Office and Trust committed to me, of [the Name of the Office to he here mentioned'] and that I am not directly or indirectly concerned as an Adventurer in the lrtjh Fisheries, or any of them, or in any other Fisheries, or as a Curer of Fish; and that so long as I shall continue to act as [the Name of the Office to be here mentioned] I will not he concerned, either directly or indirectly, as an Adventurer in the said Fisheries, or any of them, or as a Curer of Fish. So help nie GOD.*

Which Oath any one of the said Commissioners of the lrtjh Fisheries may administer to such Officer.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners of the Irish Fisheries shall be and they are hereby empowered to fix and determine, by Rules or Regulations to be made by them for that Purpose, the Content or Capacity of every Measure by which Herrings or other Fish taken in the lrtjh Fishery shall be bought and sold, also the Form or Dimensions thereof, the Sort or Sorts of Wood of which it shall be made, the Thickness of every Part thereof, the Number, Dimensions of the Hoops with which it shall be bound, and whether the Whole or what Part of such Hoops shall be of Iron; and also to determine and direct what Marks or Characters shall be set, and upon what Part or Parts of every such Measure; and also to appoint a fit Person or Persons at such Place or Places as they shall think proper to examine the fame; and upon finding any such Measure to be conformable in all respects to the Rules or Regulations to be made by the said Commissioners as aforesaid, to cause such Marks or Characters as aforesaid, to be branded thereon with a hot Iron in his presence, according to the Rules and Regulations aforesaid; and if at any time after the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty, any Measure not so marked or branded as aforesaid, shall be made use of in the buying or receiving, felling or delivering of Herrings or other Fish in the Irish Fishery, or on any Part of the Coasts or Shores of Ireland, every Person so making use thereof, shall forfeit the said Measure, and also the Sum of Ten Pounds, and the said Commissioners of the Irish Fisheries shall cause the said Measure to be destroyed; and that the Provisions made by this Act against the fraudulent branding of Barrels of Herrings with any Mark or Character by this Act appointed to be branded thereon, by order and in presence of an Officer of the Fisheries, shall extend and be construed to extend to the Subject of this Provision, and to be put in execution against any Person or Persons fraudulently branding any Measure with such Marks or Characters as shall be appointed by the said Commissioners, or with any Marks or Characters counterfeiting the same.

L. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall assault, refill, oppose, moled or hinder any Officer or Officers of the Fishery, or any Person or Persons acting in his or their Aid or Assistance in the Execution of this Act, or of any Matter or Thing therein contained, every such Person so offending, shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

LI. And be it further enacted, That if any Officer of the said Fishery shall demand, take or receive, directly or indirectly, any Fee, Gratuity or Reward whatever, other than such Salary as shall be allowed him by the Crown, for any thing done by him in the Execution of this Act, or of his Office or Employment as aforesaid, every such Officer, on being convicted thereof, shall forfeit his Office and the Sum of One hundred Pounds. 1

LII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners of the Irish Fisheries shall and may, and they are hereby authorised to make Rules and Regulations, directing in what Form and Manner every Journal, Declaration or Account, required by this Act, shall be kept or made; and to make and ordain such Rules, Orders and Regulations, from time to time, and to alter and vary the same as they shall judge expedient, to be observed, performed and complied with by every Person claiming or to claim any of the Bounties granted by this Act, either in respect of the Vessels to be used in the said Irish Fishery, or of the Fish to be taken or cured, and in all Matters in anywise relating to the said Fishery, or to the Persons who shall be engaged or employed in the fame; and that all such Rules, Regulations and Orders shall have the fame Force and Effect, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame had been contained in this Act.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners of the lrtjh Fisheries shall from time to time prepare, or cause to be prepared and printed, an Abstract or short Statement of the several Bounties granted by this Act, and of the Conditions on which such Bounties are payable, and of the Regulations to be observed in the said Fishery, in such manner as may be easily understood by the Fishermen and others employed in the said Fisheries, and shall cause such Abstract or Statement, signed with the Names of Three of the said Commissioners for the said Fishery, to be distributed at the several Ports and Places to which the Persons employed and concerned in the said Fishery shall resort, and to be delivered to the Mailers of Fishing Vessels for the Information of the Crew.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, upon the Application of the said Commissioners of the Irish Fisheries, to appoint One or more Commissioned Officer or Officers in His Majesty's Navy as Superintend ant or Superintendants of the Fishery described in this Act, for the purpose of causing the same to be carried on according to the Regulations of this Act 5 and also as well for preferring Order among the Persons employed therein as for protesting them and their Vessels against Enemies, and under such Orders, Rules and Regulations, as shall be made in that Behalf by the Loras Commissioners of the Admiralty.

LV. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall be appointed to be a Superintendant as aforesaid, before he shall do any Act in virtue of such Appointment, shall take and subscribe the Oath hereinbefore required and set forth before the Commissioners of the Fisheries, or any One of them, or before any

Collector

A.D. 1819. 59° GEORGII III.

C.

109.

997

Colie dlor of the Customs in any Port in Ireland\ or any Justice of the Peace, and which Oath such Collector or Justice of the Peace is hereby authorised to administer; and in case such Superintendant shall act without having first taken such Oath, he shall forfeit a Sum of Fifty Pounds.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Superintendant of the said Fisheries, or any Person or Persons acting by his Orders, at all times whenever he shall think fit, either at Sea or in any Loch or Bay, or on the Coast during the Continuance of the Fishery, or after the Return from the Fishery, to go on board any of the Vessels employed in the Fishery, under his Superintendence, to inspect the Licence and Certificate of Registry of such Vessel, and the Journal kept by the Master, pursuant to the Directions of this Act (all which the Master of every such Buss or Vessel, on being thereunto required, shall forthwith produce and deliver to such Superintendant, for his Inspection and Examination, and such Superintendant is hereby empowered to detain any such Buss or Vessel, till all or any of the said Documents demanded by him shall be so produced or delivered to him), and to examine whether the Master and other Persons on board the same are in all respects carrying on and prosecuting the said Fishery in the manner hereby required; and if any Person or Persons shall impede or obstruct, or attempt to impede or obstruct, any other Person or Persons in the lawful Prosecution of the said Fishery, such Superintendant shall require such Person or Persons so impeding or obstructing, or attempting to impede or obstruct, any other Person or Persons, to desist from so doing; and if such Person or Persons so required to desist shall disregard such Requisition, it shall be lawful for such Superintendant to employ such Force as shall be necessary to compel him or them to preserve Order, if the Master or any Part of the Crew are or shall not be in all respects carrying on and prosecuting the Fishery in the Manner hereby required, or had impeded or obstructed, or attempted to impede or obstruct any other Person or Persons in the lawful Prosecution of the said Fishery, such Superintendant shall report the fame fully and particularly to the said Commissioners for the Ir'ish Fisheries, and shall deliver one Copy of such Report under his Hand to the Master of such Buss or Vessel, and shall transmit another Copy to the said Commissioners by the first Opportunity; and if any Person or Persons shall refill or obstruct any such Superintendant, or any Person or Persons acting under him in the Execution of any of the Powers to him or them given by this Act, every Person so offending shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds.

[Treble Costs.]

LVII. And be it enacted, That if any Action shall be brought for any thing done in pursuance of this Act, it shall be commenced within Six Months after the Fadl, and the Defendant may plead the General Issue, and give the special Matter in Evidence, and that the fame was done in pursuance of this Act; and if it shall appear to have been so done, or if the Action shall be brought contrary hereto, the Jury shall find for the Defendant, or if the Plaintiff shall become nonsuit or suffer a Discontinuance of Action, or if on Demurrer or otherwise Judgment be given against the Plaintiff, the Defendant shall have

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Officer or Officers to be appointed from time to time under the Provisions of this Act, as Inspector or Inspectors of the said Fisheries, to enter on board every Vessel fitted out for fishing, and lying in any Harbour, Creek or Haven of Ireland, within Headland and Headland, for the purpose of purchasing Fish to cure, to examine and fee that all the several Laws and Regulations made or to be made for the better Preservation and Improvement of the said Fisheries, be dyly observed by all and every Person or Persons concerned therein; and upon any Complaint made or Information given upon Oath to such Person or Persons respectively, which Oath they and each of them is and are hereby empowered to administer, against any Person or Persons relative to and for the Punishment of any Offence which shall be committed against the Provisions of this Act, to issue a Warrant or Warrants against the Person or Persons so complained of or informed against, and to cause such Person or Persons so complained of or informed against to be apprehended and brought before such Inspector or Inspectors by the Captain or Master of the Vessel, if belonging to a Ship, or by the Skipper of the Boat to which such Person or Persons may belong; and if it shall appear to such Inspector or Inspectors, or by the Testimony upon Oath of such Informer, or other Witness or Witnesses, that the Person or Persons so informed against or complained of shall have been guilty of the Offence or Offences with which such Person or Persons shall have been so charged, then and in every such Case such Inspector or Inspectors shall by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, cause all and every the Fine or Fines to which said Offender or Offenders is or are or shall be liable, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods of such Offender, and for want of such Distress or Payment, to commit the Person so offending to the next County Gaol for any Period not exceeding Three Months 5 if the Person or Persons so complained against shall, abscond, then the Master or Owner of such Vessel, or the Skipper of such Boat, shall appear before the said Inspector within Twenty four Hours after the Service of Notice to appear before him; and if such Master, Owner or Skipper shall not sufficiently exculpate himself, by Affidavit, from being accessary to the absconding of such Person or Persons, in that Case, upon Representation to the Inspector to the Commissioners of the Fisheries, such Master, Owner or Skipper shall forfeit Twenty Pounds, and the Person ftf atifconding shall be for ever debarred from recovering any Wages or Share of Fish to which he would have been otherwise entitled, by reason of his being a Hand or one of the Crew on board such Vessel, as also all Bounties to which he would otherwise have been entitled.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That in order to enforce due Observance of the Duty and Trust so to be committed to such Inspector or Inspectors, every such Inspector or Inspectors shall, previous to his or their entering into Office, take and subscribe the Oath hereinbefore required and set forth, which Oath any Commissioner of the Fisheries, or any Collector of the Customs in any Port in Ireland, is and are hereby empowered to administer; and if any such Inspector or Inspectors, or any other Officer or Officers of the Fisheries, shall take any Reward, Fee, Gratuity or other Consideration (except as is herein after provided), from or on behalf of any Person employed or concerned in such Fisheries, or any of them, or shall wilfully assist to conceal 59 Geo. III. 6 M or

Acting without taking same. Penalty 50L

Power of.Superintendent in regulating*Fisheries.

Obstruction

Superintendant.

Penalty 10L '

limitation of Actions. General In

[Treble Costs.]

Power of Inspectors to see that Regu-

plied with.

Inspector to levy Fines by Distress, and for wnnt of Distress to commit Offenders.

Masters of Vessels, &a assisting Offenders to

Penalty ad. Person absconding not to recover Wages, &c. Inspector to be sworn.

Inspector and Officers unduly taking Fees or conniving at Offences, &c.

Bwulty xooL

Privileges of Revenue Officers extended to Commissioners and Officers of Irish Fisheries, &c.

Boats proceeding to Fisheries, to be numbered, &c. and registered.

Penalty 40s. Officer to return to Collector an Account of the same.

Regulations as

to throwing out Ballast.

Penalty jl.

Inspectors may act as Notaries in receiving and making Protests;

and take the Fees of Notaries thereon.

Persons obstructing, &c. Officers of Fisheries,

may be carried before a Justice, &c.

If found guilty on Indictment,

Misdemeanor.

Officers not deemed Trespassers, or lia-

C. 109. 59° GEORGII III. A.D. 1819.

or connive at any Fraud or Offence contrary to the Laws enacted in that behalf, any such inspector or Inspectors, or other Officer being guilty of such Offence, shall forfeit his Office and the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

LX. And be it further enacted, That all Privileges, Protestions and Pnrafions given and ordained by any Act or Acts in force in Ireland, for Officers of the Customs and Excise, on the Occasion of their acting in the Execution of their respective Offices, as to any Action or Suit, or the tendering of Amends, or the Payment of Coffs, or any thing whatsoever, shall extend and be applied to the aforesaid Commissioners of the Irish Fisheries, and to the Superintendant and the Officers of- the Fisheries appointed in pursuance of this Act, and to all Persons appointed to act under them, or acting in their Aid or Awftance, or in the Execution of this Act, as fully to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Privileges, Protestions and Provisions were expressly inserted in this Act, and applied by the fame for and in respect of the several Persons aforesaid.

LXI. And Whereas a great Number of Sail Boats and small Boats proceed every Year to the Fisheries

on the Coasts of Ireland, and from the irregular Manner in which they (hoot their Nets, the Fishery is greatly

injured, and the Nets of other Fishennen are much damaged, and the Offenders cannot be discovered so as

to be brought to Justice Be it enacted, That no Boat shall proceed to the said Fisheries, unless the Name of the Skipper and Number of the Boat is cut or painted in large Characters .with White Lead and Oil, on the Stern of the said Boat, and the Number on the Oars and Buoy s belonging to her; which Boat, and her Number and the Name of the Skipper, shall be registered with the inspector or other Officer to be appointed for that Purpose, of the District wherein said Skipper shall reside; and in case any such Boat shall shoot any Net, or take any Fish, without having the Skipper's Name and her Number painted, and being registered as aforesaid, the Skipper of said Boat shall forfeit the Sum of Forty Shillings, to be recovered and applied in the same manner as the other Penalties in this Act; and such inspector or other Officer with whom such Boat shall be so registered, shall return an Account of the same to the Collector of the District in which such Inspector or other Officer shall reside, within One Month after such Boat shall have been registered as aforesaid, in order to be transmitted to the Commissioners of Fisheries.

LXII. And Whereas the Harbours on the Coasts of Ireland have been materiallyinjured by the irregular

manner wherein Vessels referring to the Fisheries, throw out and unlade their Ballast Be it further enacted, That no Fishing Vessel or Boat shall throw out or discharge her Ballast on any Part of the said Coast, except at such Places (all above Low Water) as shall be directed and appointed from time to rime by the Inspectors of the Fisheries, or other Officers to be appointed for that Purpose within their respective Districts; and the Matter or Chief Officer of any Fishing Vessel, or the Skipper of any Fishing Boat, who shall be convicted of having thrown out or discharged any Ballast contrary to the Directions of this Act, shall forfeit the Sum of Five rounds Sterling for every such Offence, to be recovered and applied in the same manner as the other Penalties in this Act are made recoverable and applicable.

LXIII. And Whereas the Persons concerned in the said Fisheries have frequent Occasions to make Pro-

tests during the Continuance of the said Fishing Season, and suffer great Inconvenience because there is so

Notary Public redding on any Part of the said Coast; Be it therefore enacted, That from and after passing of this Act it shall and may be lawful to and for the several Inspectors of the said Fisheries to receive and make Protests in the same manner as the same are now usually made or received by or before any Public Notaries within this Kingdom, and that such Protests so made and received, shall be good and valid, and of as high Authority as those now usually made before Public Notaries, and shall be of equal Credit, and in like manner received as Evidence in all Courts of Justice, and that each and every of the said Inspectors shall and may have and use a Seal of Office, whereby to authenticate such Protests as aforesaid, and shall also be entitled to have and receive for such Protest so made before or by him, such Fee as a Public Notary' would be entitled to in that behalf, and no more 5 and also, that it shall and may be lawful for the said Inspectors to administer such Oaths as are or may be necessary to be made by the several Persons who shall make Protests before them.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Officer or Officers of the Fisheries, or any Person or Persons appointed by or acting under the said Commissioners of the Fisheries, bring on shore or going on board, or returning from on board, or being on board any Vessel or Boat engaged in the said Fisheries, ftull be opposed, obstructed or assaulted in the due Execution of his or their Office or Duty, any Person or Persons so opposing, obstructing or assaulting the said Officer or Officers in the due Execution of his or their Duty, and all such as shall act in his or their Aid or Assistance, shall and may be carried and conveyed before One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace residing near the Place where such Offence shall be committed, or where such Person or Persons shall be apprehended, and such Justice shall, upon the Oath or Oaths of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, in case he shall not find sufficient Bail for his Appearance at the next Quarter Session8 or Assizes to be holden for the County in which the Place aforesaid shall be situate, to commit such Person to the Gaol of such County, there to remain until the next Quarter Sessions or Assizes to be holden for said County, or until such Person shall be delivered by due Course of Law 5 and in case an Indictment shall be found against such Person or Persons, such Person or Persons shall forthwith plead thereto, without having time to traverse the fame, and if duly convicted thereof, shall be deemed guilty of a Misdemeanor and punished accordingly.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That no Superintendant, or other Officer <acting in the Execution of any of the Provisions of this Act, or in the enforcing any .Rules and Regulations made and in farce under the Authority thereof, shall be deemed a Trespasser, or be liable to any Action, Suit or Prosecution, for. or by reason of any Act, Matter or Thing, done in the Execution of his Office, or for the carrying the Prorifians

of

A.D. 1819. 59° GEORGII III. C. 109, 1 ioi 999

of this Act into Execution, or enforcing* any Rules or Regulations established under the fame, and not done ble to Damages, by him maliciously; and if any Person shall bring a Suit or A&km for any such Matter or Thing, and it except for shall appear to the Court before which the same shall be tried, that the Act complained of in such Action or Malice.

Suit was not done maliciously, and the Court shall-certify the fame on the Record, then and in that Case the Plaintiff shall not be entitled to more than Sixpence Damages, nor to any Coils of Suit.

LXVI. And for the Encouragement of the Coast Fisheries of Ireland, be it enacted, That it shall and Lord Lieute-may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, from time to time JJ114 order to direct any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding the Sum of Five thousand Pounds in any one Year, to be-paid to the Commissioners of the Irish FSihcries, out of the Revenues of the Customs and Port Dutiesviir R^venue°of Ireland, to be applied by the said Commissioners in the Encouragement of such Coast Fisheries, under fuchr Customs to Orders, Rules, Regulations and Directions^ as the said Commissioners shall from time to time think fit to Commissioners make for that Purpose: Provided always, that the said Commissioners shall, on or before the First Day of Fisheries, June in each Year, report to the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the ment^of^B?* time being, in what manner and under what Regulations such Sum or Sums of Money have been applied; and Fisheries, that a Copy of such Report signed by the said Commissioners shall from time to time be laid before both Houses Commissioners of Parliament, within Fourteen Days after the Commencement of every Session next ensuing such First Day of June, Application

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Twenty fifth thereof, &c. Year of the Raign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the further Improvement and Extenfum of the 25 G. 3. (I.) Fisheries on the Coafits of this Kingdom; and also an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Twenty' 26 G. 3. (I.) sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to explain and afiiend the said recited Act of the Twenty fifth Year aforesaid; and also an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Twenty seventh Year of the ay G. 3. (I.)

Reign of His present Majesty, to amend the said recited Act of the Twenty fifth Year aforesaid j and also an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Twenty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, 2 % G. 3. (I.)

intituled An Act to explain and amend the Law relative to the Fisheries on the Coasts of tins Kingdfn*; all continued by which Acts have, by several Acts, been from time to time continued, and are in force until the Twenty ninth various Acts to' Day of September One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, shall, from and after the said Twenty ninth Day a9tl|Sqrt.1819> of September One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, cease and determine, and shall no longer be in force en to and effect.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be in force for Five Years from and after the Continuance passing thereof, and from thence until the End of the then next Session of Parliament. # of Act.

CAP. CX.

An Act to remove Doubts respecting the Dues payable to the Levant Company.

[12th July 1819.]

WHEREAS His late Majesty King James the First, by His Letters Patent bearing date the Four- Letters Patent

teenth Day of December in the Third Year of His Reign, did grant to several Persons therein named, 3 1.

and to their Sons, and such others as should then after be admitted or made free, that they should be One I4til)ec'

Fellowship and One Body Corporate and Politic, by the Name of u The Governor and Company of Mer-

chants of England trading to the Levant Seas, " ana by the fame Name should have perpetual Succession:

And Whereas His late Majesty King Charles the Second, by His Letters Patent bearing date the Second* x3 Car* 2.

Day of April in the Thirteenth Year of His Reign, did ratify and confirm-the said Letters Patent of King April,

James the First: And Whereas by an Act made in the Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty G* c*

King George the Second, intituled An Act for enlarging and regulating the Trade into the Levant Seas, it is

' amongil other things enacted, that it shall and may be lawful to and for all and every Person and Persons;

' being free of the said Company, separately or jointly to export or cause to be exported from any Port or

Place in Great Britain to any Port or Place within the Limits of the said Letters Patent, in any British or Plantation built Ships (navigated according to Law), at any time, and to any Person or Persons whomso-€ ever, being Freemen of the said Company, or Sons or Apprentices of Freemen (such Freemen, Sons or c Apprentices being His Majesty's Christian Subjects), so long as such Person or Persons shall remain under and fubmk to the Protection and Direction of the British Ambassador and Consuls respectively for the time being, any Goods, Wares Or Merchandises whatsoever, not prohibited by Law to be exported, and also to import in like manner from any Port or Place within the Limits of the said Letters Patent, Raw Silk or any other Goods, Wares or Commodities purchased within the said Limits (not prohibited by Law to be imported), upon paying or securing the Customs and other Duties payable for the same to His Majesty, His

Heirs and Successors, by virtue of any Law now in force or hereafter to be made* and upon paying such ' Impositions or Sums of Money as shall be assessed and charged upon all Goods, Wares or Merchandises to ' be exported or imported as aforesaid, or upon any Ships laden with the fame, for defraying the necessary

Expences of the said Company: And Whereas by an Act made in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His 20 G. 3. c. 18.

present Majesty, intituled An Act to repeal so mush of an Act made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of Henry

the Seventh, or of any other A3s which prohibit the exporting, carrying of conveying Com out of this Realm into

Ireland 5 and so much of certain A3s made in Great Britain which prohibit the Importation of foreign Hops into Ireland, and which take off the Drawback upon Hops exported from Great Britain to Ireland; and to allow the

Importation into and Exportation from Ireland of such Goods as may be imported into or exported from Great Britain by the Merchants of England trading to the Levant Seas, it is amongst1 other things enacted, that such- 5 3* c Goods as may lawfully be exported from and imported into Great Britain m British Ships, by any Person or < Persons free of the Company of Merchants of England trading into the Levant Setu, commonly called or

6 M 2 1 known

43 Or* S*XJ3-§3.

55 G. 3- «9* $9-

§ii-

57 6.3* c. 4.

known by the Name of The Turkey Company, " be exported from or imported into any Port or Place in the Kingdom of Ireland, by any Person admitted or to be admitted into and made free of the said Company,

4 in British or Irish Ships or Vessels legally navigated, on paying such Impositions or Sums of Money as shall be assessed and charged on all Goods, Wares or Merchandise to be exported and imported as aforesaid, or on any Ships laden with the fame, for defraying the necessary Expences of the said Company: And Whereas Doubts have arisen whether the Dues, Impositions or Assessments of the said Turkey Company can legally be collected in Ireland in respect of such Exportations or Importations mentioned in the last mentioned Act,

4 in consequence of the said Act having passed in the Parliament of Great Britain before the Union vrith Ireland:

And Whereas by an Act made in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An 4 AS to permit, during the Continuance of Hostilities, and until Six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, the Importation into Great Britain and Ireland in Neutral Vessels, from States in Amity with His Majesty, of certain Goods, Wares and Merchandise, and to empower His Majesty by Order in Council to prohibit the Exportation of Copper, and to permit the Importation in Neutral Vessels, from States not in Amity with His Majesty, of certain Goods, Wares and Merchandise^ it is amongst other things enacted, that it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons admitted into and made free of the Company of Merchants of England trading into the Levant Seas, commonly called or known by the Name of The Turkey Company, to import into the United Kingdom any Goods or Commodities which have heretofore usually been Imported from Turkey or Egypt, or from any Place within the Dominions of the Grand Seignior within the Levant Seas, in any Ship or Vessel built in or belonging to Great Britain or Ireland, navigated according to Law, or in any Ship or Vessel belonging to any Kingdom or State in Amity with His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors,

navigated by foreign Seamen from any Port or Place whatsoever, upon Payment of the fame Duties, if imported in British or Irish built Ships, as the like Goods would be subject and liable to if imported in British or Irish built Ships directly from the Place of their Growth, Production or Manufacture, but if such Goods shall be imported in any foreign built Ship or Vessel, then and in such Case the Goods so imported shall be subject to the Duties which such Goods would have been subject and liable to if the said last recited Act had not been made; and it is by the said Act further enacted, that no Entry shall be suffered to pass at any Custom House in the United Kingdom for any such Goods of the Growth, Production or Manufacture of Turkey or Egypt, or of any of the Dominions of the Grand Seignior, as before the passing of the said Act might be imported only from such Ports or Places in the Streights or Levant Seas as are within the Dominions of the Grand Seignior, or for any Drugs which would have been liable to the Payment of higher Duties when not imported directly from the Place of their Growth or Production, and which by the Authority of the said Act are permitted to be imported in manner aforesaid, until the Person importing or entering the same shall produce to the Collector or other proper Officer of His Majesty's Cqstoms in Great Britain,

and to the proper Officer of the Revenue in Ireland at the Port of Importation, a Certificate under the Hand of the Collector of the Duties for the said Turkey Company, certifying that such Person is free of the said Company, and that he has paid the Duties imposed on such Goods by the said Company, and has conformed in all respects to the Rules and Regulations of the said Company relative thereto; and by the said Act it is further enacted, that all Goods, Wares and Merchandise of the Produce of Countries within the Levant Seas, imported into Great Britain under the Authority of the said Act, shall be subject and liable to the Duties payable to the Levant Company, in like manner as if such Goods, Wares and Merchandise had been imported into Great Britain directly from Turkey: And Whereas by an Act made in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to regulate the Trade between Malta and its Dependencies and His Majesty's Colonies and Plantations in America, and also between Malta and the United Kingdom, it is amongst other things enacted, that it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons to import from the Island of Malta, or the Dependencies thereof, into the United Kingdom, any Goods, Wares or Merchandise notprohibited to be imported, being of the Growth^ Produce and Manufacture of any Country or Place within the Streights or Levant Seas, in British built Ships or Vessels, owned, navigated and registered according to Law, and in no other Ship or Vessel whatever, on Payment of such Duties as now are or hereafter may be due and payable on such Goods, Wares or Merchandise when imported into Great Britain or Ireland respectively; 4 provided that all such Goods, Wares and Merchandise, being of the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of any Place within the Dominions of the Grand Seignior within the Levant Seas, so imported under the Authority of this Act, shall be subject and liable to the Payment of the fame Duties to the Company of Merchants of England trading into the Levant Seas, commonly called or known by the Name of The Turkey Company, as shall be payable on the like Articles when imported direct from Turkey by Persons being Members of the said Company; and it is thereby further enacted, that it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons admitted into and made free of the said Company of Merchants of England trading into the Levant Seas, to import into the United Kingdom froirt the said Island of Malta, or the Dependencies thereof, in British built Ships or Vessels, owned, navigated and registered according to Law, any Raw Silk or Mohair Yarn, being the Growth or Production of any Place within the Dominions of the Grand Seignior within the Levant Seas, provided that all such Raw Silk and Mohair Yarn so imported into the United Kingdom shall be subject and liable to the Dutfe§ due and payable to the said Turkey Company, in like manner as if such Raw Silk or Mohair Yarn had been imported into the United Kingdom directly from 4* Turkey: And Whereas by an Act made in the Fifty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to extend the Privileges of the Trade of Malta to the Port of Gibraltar, it is enacted, that the Trade between Gibraltar and His Majesty's Colonies and Plantations in America, and also between Gibraltar and the United Kingdom, shall and may be carried on in like manner, and under the like Rules, Regulations*and Restrictions, and subject to the like Penalties and Forfeitures, as are provided by the said Act with'

respect

IOOI

A.D. 1819. 59° GEORGII III. C.no, m.

' respect to Malta and His Majesty's Colonies and Plantations in America* and also between Malta and the United Kingdom, as if the fame were particularly and expressly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of the said Act made in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty: And Whereas it is expedient

to remove all Doubts as to the Payment of the Dues, Duties or Impoutions granted to the said Company May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted 5 and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, ana Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the pailing of this Act, all Goods, Wares and Merchandise, to whomsoever belonging, of the Growth, Production or Manufacture of Turkey or Egypt* or of any of the Dominions of the Grand Seignior, imported into the United Kingdom directly from Turkey or Egypt, or from any of the Dominions of the Grand Seignior, or from any other Country or Place, shall be subject and liable to the Duties payable to the said Turkey Company under and by virtue of the said several Letters Patent and Acts of Parliament hereinbefore mentioned, or any or either of them.

II. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Clauses, Rules and Regulations in the said several Acts contained, for the purpose of securing and enforcing the Payment of the said Duties to the said Company, shall be and they are hereby declared to be in full Force and EfFeft, as fully and effectually as if the lame had been repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act, any thing in any Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

CAP. CXI.

An Act to repeal so much of an Act passed in the Fifty fifth Year of His present Majesty, as relates to the Portage and Conveyance of Letters to and from the Cape of Good Hope, Ceylon, the Mauritius, and the East Indies; and to make other Regulations respecting the Portage of such Letters and Packets, and other Letters and Packets sent by the Port.

[12th July 1819.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for granting certain Rates on the Postage of Letters to and from Great Britain, the Cape of Good Hope, the Mauritius, and the East Indies, and for making certain Regulations respecting the P of age of Ship

Letters, and of Letters in Great Britain: And Whereas it is expedient that the said Act, so far as it relates to the Postage and Conveyance of Letters, Newspapers, printed Prices Current, and printed Papers, to and from the Cape of Good Hope, Ceylon, the Mauritius, and the East Indies, should be repealed, and that other Regulations should be made in lieu thereof; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act the said Act of the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, so far as relates to the Postage and Conveyance of Letters, Newspapers, printed Prices Current, and printed Papers, to and from the Cape of Good Hope, Ceylon, the Mauritius, and the East Indies, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

II. Provided always nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That any Penalty which shall have been incurred for any Offence contrary to the Provisions of the said recited Act, previously to the passing of this Act, shall and may be recovered and applied in the same Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said recited Act had not been repealed.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty's Postmaster General, to demand, have, receive and take for every Letter or Packet which shall be brought into Great Britain by any Ship or Vessel arriving from Ceylon, the Mauritius, or any Port or Place within the Limits of the Charter of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, or from the Cape of Good Hope, the Rates following; that is to say,

For every such Letter or Packet, a Sea Postage of Four pence; provided the same shall not exceed the Weight of Three Ounces:

And for every Letter or Packet exceeding the Weight of Three Ounces, a Sea Postage of One Shilling per Ounce, in addition to any inland or internal Postage which may arise upon the inland Conveyance of such Letters and Packets.

And for the Encouragement of the Masters or Commanders of such Ships or Vessels, it shall be lawful for the Postmaster General to allow to every such Commander or Master the Sum of Two pence a Letter or Packet, upon all such Letters and Packets as he or they respectively, on their Arrival from Ceylon, the Mauritius, or any Port or Place within the Limits of the Charter of the said United Company, or from the Cape of Good Hope, shall deliver unto the Deputy or Deputies of the Postmaster General, according to the Directions herein after contained.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for His Majesty's Postmaster General, and his Deputy and Deputies by him thereunto authorised, in his and their Discretion, to collect and receive Letters and rackets of Letters directed to Ceylon, the Mauritius, or any Port or Place within the Limits of the said United Company's Charter, or to the Cape of Good Hope, and to forward the fame by any Ships or Vessels that he in his Discretion shall think fit 5 and also that it shall and may be lawful to and for His Majesty's Postmaster General, and his Deputy and Deputies by him thereunto authorised, to and for the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, to demand, have, receive and take, for every Letter or

Packet

Goods of Turkey or Egypt, &c. imported directly from thence, liable to Duties payable to Turkey Company, under recited Letters Patent and Acts. Powers of recited Acts extended to this Act.

Public Act

55 c.i53-

*1.

repealed.

Penalties incurred may be recovered.

The following Rates of Postage to be paid.

Rates for Letters from India and the Cape of Good Hope.

Allowance to Commanders, &c.

Letters may be forwarded to India.

1002

Rates for Letters to India.

Rates for Nvwv*-pap*, &c.

Letters, &c. may be forwarded in any other manner than through the Post Office.

Commanders of Ships bound to East Indies required to take Bags.

Refusing to receive, or neglecting to deliver.

[Proviso.]

Penalty aocL Court of Directors and Secret Committee may receive and send Letters, &c, as herein mentioned, free, &c.

And may receive same by Company's Ships free.

So as to Commissioners for India and Chairman of Company;

and as to Public Officers who now send and receive Letters free.

Privilege of franking to Secretary of Board or Controul.

Letters from Governor of Ceylon, &c. to Agents of such Governments free.

C. 111. 59° GEORGII ILL A.D. 1819.

Packet that shall be delivered to him, or to hie Deputy, for Conveyance in -manner hereinbefore specified, the Rates following; that is to say,

For every such Letter a Sea Postage of Two pence j provided the same shall not exceed the Weight of Three Ounces:

And for every Letter or Packet exceeding in Weight Three Ounces, a Sea Postage at the Rate of One Shilling per Ounce: any Law, Statute, Usage or Custom to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for His Majesty's Postmaster General, and his Deputy or Deputies by him thereunto authorised, in his and their Discretion, to receive Newspapers or printed Price Currents, and aish any printed Paper liable to the Stamp Duties and duly damped, for Conveyance to such Places as aforesaid; and also that it shall and may be lawful to and for His Majesty's Postmaster General, and his Deputy and Deputies, to and for the Use of4 His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, to demand, have, receive and take, for the Conveyance of the fame, the Sum of One Penny for each Packet not exceeding One Ounce, and for each Packet exceeding One Ounce, at the Rate of One Penny par Ounce; provided always, that the fame be fpnt in Covers open at the Sides.

VI. And be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be construed to oblige any Person or Persons to fend any Letters or Packets of Letters, or any Newspapers, or printed Prices Current* or any other printed Papers, to the East Indies, or to the Islands of Ceylon or the Mauritius, or any Port or Place whatsoever within the Limits of the Charter of the said United Company, or to the Gape of Good Hope, through His Majesty's Poll Office, but that it shall be lawful for all Persons to fend Letters and Packets of Letters, Newspapers, printed Prices Current, and other printed Papers to those Places in any manner that they may (ind practicable and convenient.

VII. And be it farther enacted, That the Commanders of all Ships or Vessels bound to Ceylon, the Mauritius, or any Port or Place within the Limits of the Charter of the said United Company, or to the Cape of Good Hope, are hereby required to receive on board their refoeAive Ships any Bag or Bags of Letters and Packets which shall be tendered to them for Conveyance as aforesaid by the Postmaster General, or his Deputy and Deputies, without receiving or being entitled to receive any Remuneration for such Conveyjusrt.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any such Commander shall refuie to receive on boafdftiis Ship any such Bag or Bags of Letters and Packets, which shall be so tendered to him for Conveyance as aforesaid, or having received on board any such Bag or Bags, shall wilfully neglect to deliver the fame on his Arrival at the Port or Place of his Destination, then and in either of such Cases, such Commander shall forfeit and pay a Penalty of Two hundred Pounds.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Court of Directors of the said United Company, or the Secret Committee appointed by the said Court, in pursuance of Two Acts passed in the Thirty third and Fifty third Years of His present Majesty's Reign, to receive free from all Duty of Pbftage from the several Governments in India, or from any Agent or other Officer of the said Company, at anyplace within the Limits of the Charter of the said Company, any Letter or Packet relating entirely to the Affairs of the said Company, and in like manner to fend any such Letters and Packets addressed to such Governments, Agents or other Officers, free from all Duty of Postage; provided that all Letters so sent be superscribed by the Chairman or Deputy Chairman, or Secretary or Assistant Secretary of the said Company.

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Court of Directors, Secret Committee, and Secretary or Assistant Secretary of the said United Company, to receive from any Officer or Agent of the said Company abroad any Letters or Packets entirely relating to the Affairs of the said Company by Ships in the Service of the said Company, in the manner heretofore accustomed, without Payment of any Postage, and without subjecting any Person to any Penalty or Forfeiture in respect thereof.

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners for the Affairs of India* and for the Chairman and Deputy Chairman of the said East India Company for the time being, to send and receive Letters and Packets to and from Ceylon, the Mauritius, or any Port or Place within the Limits of the Charter of the said Company, or to and from the Cape of Good Hope, free from all Duty of Postage; provided that no such Letter or Packet exceed the Weight of Three Ounces.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prevent such public Officers as may now send and receive Letters and Packets free of Postage, from sending and receiving Letters and Packets free from any Postage directed to be paid by this Act, in the same manner as they are now authorised by Law to send and receive Letters and Packets free from Postage.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Secretary to the Board of Commissioners for the Affairs of India for the time being, to send and receive Letters* and Packets by the Pott free from the Duty of Postage, in the fkme manner and under such Regulations and Restrictions as the Under Secretaries to His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State are, by an Act passed in the Forty second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, or by any other A A, or by this A A, authorised to feed and receive Letters and Packets free from Postage.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this or any other A A contained shall extend to charge with the Duty of Postage any Letters or Packets addressed by the Governors of His Majesty's Settlements of Ceylon, the Cape of Good Hope, or the Mauritius, or by the Secretaries of such Governments respectively, to the Agents of those respective Governments residing in England, or by such Agents to such Governors or Secretaries: Provided always, that the Contents of such Letters and rackets relate bond

side

A.D. 1819. 59° GEORGII III. C.hi.

side to the Public Service or Concerns of such Governments, and such Governor, Secretary or Agent respectively superscribe the same.

XV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Directors of the said Company for the time being, to receive Letters and Packets free from Sea Postage, from any Port or Place within the Limits of the Charter of the said United Company, by Ships in the Service of the said Company; provided that the Letters and Packets brought by any one such Ship to be received by any such Director, do not collectively exceed the Weight of Six Ounces; and that such Persons as shall have been Directors may continue to receive such Letters and Packets free from Postage for One Year after they respectively shall have ceased to be Directors.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Owners, Charterers or Consignee of Vessels, resident in Great Britain, to receive their Letters by their own Vessels, from Ceylon9 the Mauritius, or any Poi^t or Place within the Limits of the Charter of the said United Company, or from the Cape of Good Hope, free from Sea Postage; provided that such Owners, Charterers or Consignees shall be described as such in the Address and Superscription of such Letters, and that such Letters brought by any one Vessel to any one Owner, Charterer or Consignee, shall not collectively exceed the Weight of Twenty Ounces.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Owners or Consignees of Goods on board Ships arriving from Ceylon, the Mauritius, or any Port or Place within the Charter of the said United Company, or from the Cape of Good Hope, to receive Letters free from the Sea Postage by such Ships; provided that such Owners or Consignees shall be described as such in the Address and Superscription thereof; and provided it shall appear by the Ship's Manifest, that such Persons actually have Goods on board such Ships; and that the Letter or Letters brought by any one such Ship, for any one such Owner or Consignee, shall not collectively exceed the Weight of Six Ounces.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person whatsoever shall falsely superscribe any Letter, as being the Owner, Charterer or Consignee of the Vessel conveying the fame, or the Owner, Shipper or Consignee of the Goods shipped in the Vessel, every such Person and Persons so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That such Owners, Charterers, Consignees and Shippers, may on the Account of such Ship obtain such Letters as they respectively may be entitled to receive free of Sea Postage as aforesaid, from the Master of such Ship, before he shall make his Delivery at the Post Office in manner herein after directed; but nothing in this Act shall entitle such Owners or Consignees to take away any Letters whatever not within the Limitation of Weight and Superscription.

XX. And be it further enacted, That in case any Collector, Comptroller or other Officer of His Majesty's Customs, shall find any Letter or Letters superscribed as the Letters of such Owners, Charterers, Consignees or Shippers, exceeding the Weight limited by this Act, then it shall be lawful for such Collector, Comptroller or other Officer, to seize so many of the Letters as shall reduce the Remainder within the proper Weight, and he shall take the same to the nearest Post Office; and the Post Master of the Place shall pay to the Officer delivering the fame at the Rate of Sixpence for each Letter or Packet so seized.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That on the Arrival of any Ship or Vessel off the Coast of Great Britain, the Master shall cause all Letters on board his Ship (except such Letters as may be obtained by such Owners, Charterers, Consignees and Shippers as aforesaid, and except Letters and Packets exceeding the Weight of Three Ounces) to be collp&ed, and enclosed in some Bag, Box or other Euvelope, to be sealed with his Seal, and to be addressed to any of His Majesty's Deputy Postmasters in Great Britain, to be in readiness to fend on Shore by his own Boat or by the Pilot Boat, or any other safe and convenient Opportunity, in order that the fame may be delivered at the first regular Post: Office which can be communicated with, and be distributed from thence by the earliest Inland Polls; and shall likewise cause all Letters and Packets exceeding the Weight of Three Ounces (except such as may be obtained by Owners, Charterers, Consignees and Shippers as aforesaid), to be collected and enejofed in some Bag, Box or other Envelope, to be sealed and addressed as aforesaid, and shall deliver the fame at the regular Port or Place where the Ship or Vessel shall report, and shall at such Port or Place sign a Declaration in the Presence of the Person authorised by the Postmaster General at such Port or Place, who shall also sign the fame 5 which Declaration shall be in the Form or to the Effect following 5 that is to say,

I A.B. Commander of the \_fate the Name of the Ship or Vessel] arrived from [fate the Place] do, as 1 required by Law, solemnly declare. That I have, to the bed of my Knowledge and Belief, delivered, or kcaufed to be delivered to the Post Office, every Letter, Bag, Package or Parcel of Letters that were on*board the [state the Name of the Ship] except such Letters as are exempted by Law.'

And that until such Declaration shall be made and produced to the Comptroller or Principal Officer of the Customs, he or they shall not permit such Ship or Vessel to report.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Master of any Ship or Vessel shall willingly refuse or neglect to make or produce the said Declaration, he shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence, the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Collector, Comptroller or Principal Officer, hereby required to prohibit any Ship or Vessel reporting until the Reqiiifites of this Act shall be complied with, shall permit such Ship or Vessel to report, such Collector, Comptroller or Officer, for permitting such Ship or Vessel to report, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if, after the Master of any Vessel shall have sent his Letters to $he Post Office of any Port at which he may touch, prior to his arriving at that Port where the Ship or

Vessel

1003

Directors may receive certain Letters free of Sea Pottage; so may Ex-Duectors for One Year.

[Proviso.]

Owners Of Ships may receive Letters by their own Vessels free of Sea Postage.

As also Owners or Consignees of Goods.

[Proviso.]

Talsely super* scribing Letters as Ship Owners* &c.

Penally ioL

Owners, &c. may obtain certain Letters before Delivery at Post Office.

Certain Letters of Owners, &c. seized and carried to Post Office.

Masters of Vessels on Arrival to collect, enclose and seal Letters, (Ex- ccption, ) and deliver them at the first Post Office, and also where Ship reports, and sign the following Declaration.

Refusing, &c. to make Declaration. Penalty 50l. Permitting Vessels to report, until Regulations complied with. Penalty 50L

Having Letters on board after

1004 C. hi.

59° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1819.

Delivery at Post Office, &c. Penalty 5l.

Revenue Officers to search Packages.

Penalty how divided

Breaking Seals of Letters.

Penalty aol.

Commanders of Ships of War to send Letters to Post Office. Allowance.

Money due to Masters of Vessels to be paid by Postmaster General.

Penalties how to be recovered and applied.

In Actions brought for carrying Letters contrary to the Provisions of9 Anne, c. 10. or 4a G. 3* c. 81. or of this Act, Proof 'shall lie on the Defendant.

Application of the Rates.

Limitation of Actions.

[General Issue.]

[Treble Costs.]

Proviso for Letters, &c. to or from China.

Vessel is to report, any Letter or Packet not exempted by this Act shall be found on board his Vessel, in his Possession, or in the Possession of any of his Crew, or any Passenger on board, every such Person knowingly having such Letter or Packet in his Possession or in his Baggage, shall forfeit and pay for every Letter the Sum of Five Pounds.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for such Collector, Comptroller or other Officer, at any Port or Place whatsoever, who in the due Execution of his duty as a Revenue Officer shall discover any Letters or Packets on board any Vessel, in any Port or Place whatsoever, contrary to the Provisions of this Act, to seize and take all such Letters and Packets, and to forward the same to the Pollmaster General or his Deputy at the Port or Place; and that the Officer seizing and fending the same shall be entitled to One Moiety of the Penalty which may be recovered for any such Offence; and that in all Cases of such Seizure, the Proof that the Provisions of this Act have been complied with, shall lie on the Person in whose Possession or Baggage the Letters or Packets shall be found.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person to whom any Letters may be entrusted by the Master of any Ship or Vessel, sealed up in the manner required by this Act, shall break the Seal, or in any manner open the fame, or shall not duly deliver the fame without wilful or unavoidable Delay, every Person so offending shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Bags, Packages or Parcels of Letters shall be brought by any Ship of War, the Commander thereof shall cause the fame, and all Letters which may he on hoard (except the public Dispatches of Government), to be immediately lent to the Post Office at the first Port where he shall arrive; and such Commander shall, for all such Letters, be entitled to receive the same Allowances as are payable to the Masters of other Ships and Vessels.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That in case it shall happen from any unforeseen Circumstances, that the Master of any Ship or Vessel, or the Commander of any Ship of War, shall upon delivering his Bags, Packages or Parcels of Letters, be prevented from receiving the Money to which he shall be entitled, such Master or Commander shall nevertheless be paid the fame, by the Order of the Postmaster General, at such other Places as may be most convenient.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That one Moiety of the several pecuniary Penalties hereby imposed shall be payable to the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to any Person who shall inform and sue for the fame, to be recovered with full Costs of Suit, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record in Great Britain, wherein no Essoign, Protection or Privilege, or Wager of Law, shall be admitted.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That in any Action or Suit against any Person or Persons, for collecting, carrying, conveying, delivering or fending Letters or Packets contrary to the Provisions in an Act made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of Her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled An Act for establishing a General Post Office for all Her Majesty's Dominions, and for settling a weekly Sum out of the Revenues thereof for the Service of the War, and other Her Majesty's Occasions; or contrary to the Provisions in an Act made in the Forty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for amending so much of an Act passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the secreting, embezzling or destroying any Letter or Packet sent by the Post; and for the better Protection of such Letters and Packets; and for more effectually preventing letters and Packets being Pent otherwise than by the Post; or in either of them, or contrary to the Provisions of this Act, the Proof that the Letters or Packets were collected, carried, conveyed, delivered or sent, according to the Provisions contained in the said last mentioned Acts, or one of them, or according to the Provisions contained in this present Act (as the case may require, ) shall lie on the Person or Persons against whom such Action or Suit shall be brought for delivering or lending the fam£.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That the Monies to arise by the several Rates and Duties as aforesaid (except the Monies which shall be necessary to defray such Expences as shall be incurred in the Management and Collection of the fame), shall be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer at Westminster, and carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any thing done in pursuance of this Act, the same shall be commenced within Twelve Months after the Fast committed, and not afterwards; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if it shall appear so to be done, or that such Action or Suit shall be commenced after the time before limited for bringing the same, that then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants 5 and upon a Verdict for the Defendant, or if Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his, her or their Action or Suit after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in any other Cases by Law.

XXXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to any Letters or Packets to or from China, but that they may be sent and carried as heretofore has been used, any thing to the contrary herein contained in any way notwithstanding.

A.D. 1819. 59° GEORGII III.

C.

112, I I3.

1005

CAP. CXII.

An Act to grant, pntil the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, an additional Bounty on the Exportation of certain Silk Manufactures of Great Britain.

*[12th July 1819.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the Bounty now payable upon the Exportation of certain Silk

YV Manufactures of Great Britain should be increased for a limited Period fee it therefore enacted by The Kino's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, there shall be paid or allowed to any Person or Persons who, during the Continuance of this Act, shall really and truly export from Great Britain, by way of Merchandise, certain Silk Manufactures of Great Britain hereafter particularly specified, the Bounties, Allowances, or Sums of Money hereafter mentioned, in addition to all other Bounties or Allowances payable by Law in respect thereof; that is to say, For all Ribbons made in Great Britain of Silk only (not being wholly or in part composed of spun Silk) and exported as aforesaid, the Sum of Three Shillings and Four pence for every Pound Weight Avoirdupois 5 for all Stuffs made in Great Britain of Silk only (not being either wholly or in part of spun Silk) exported as aforesaid, the Sum of Five Shillings and Four pence for every Pound Weight Avoirdupois.

II. And be it further enadqd, That the additional Allowances or Bounties by this Act granted shall be paid or allowed in the same manner and subject to the same Rules, Regulations and Restrictions, as the Allowances and Bounties granted by Law on the Silk Manufactures of Great Britain are now paid and allowed.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no such additional Bounty shall be allowed or payable, unless the Value of the Goods on which such additional Bounty shall be claimed, shall be at least four times the Amount of such Bounty according to the Value of such Goods at the Port of Exportation.

IV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be and remain and continue in force until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, and no longer.

Additional Bounty allowed on Exportation of Silk Ribbons of G. B. 3s. 4<L per lb.,

and on Stuffs of Silk of G. B. 5s. 4d. per lb. Bounty subject to usual Regulations.

Value of Goods four times Amount of Bounty. Continuance of Act.

CAP. CXIII.

An Act for continuing the Premiums allowed to Ships employed in the Southern Whale Fishery.

[12th July 1819.]

WHEREAS it is proper to encourage the Fishery carried on by His Majesty's European Subjects iu

the Seas to the Southward of the Greenland Seas and Davis's Streights, for the purpose of taking Whales

and other Creatures being in those Seas, by continuing certain Premiums granted in an Act passed in the

Fifty fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for continuing the Premiums allowed to 55 G. 3. c. 45.

( Ships employed in the Southern Whale Fishery: 9 Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the several Premiums herein after Premiums to

mentioned shall be paid and allowed to certain Ships or Vessels employed in the said Fishery, under the be paidaccord-

Limitations, Restrictions and Regulations contained in the said Act, and also in an Act passed in the

Thirty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and mentioned in the said Act, and under the Limit- ^G. 3? c. oa.

ations, Restrictions and Regulations expressed in this present Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That for Eight of such Ships or Vessels which shall be so fitted and Premium to cleared out between the First Day of January and the Thirty first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, and between the First Day of January and Thirty first Day of December in each of the Southward of Four succeeding Years, and shall fail to the Southward of the Equator, and there carry on the Fishery, and the Equator re-shall return before the First Day of December in the Year subsequent to that in which they cleared out, to turningfirstwith some Port in Great Britain, there shall be paid and allowed Three hundred Pounds to each of the Eight greatest Quan-such Ships which shall so fail and first arrive within the times hereinbefore mentioned, with the greatest Quantity of Oil or Head Matter, taken together, being not less in the whole than Twenty Tons in each of 3°c*such Ships or Vessels, and being the Produce of One or more Whale or Whales, or other Creatures being in those Seas, taken and killed by the Crews of every such Ship or Vessel respectively.

III. And be it further enacted, That for Four other such Ships or Vessels which shall be so fitted or To Four SMp*

cleared out, and shall fail within the time hereinbefore mentioned, and proceed to the Southward df Thirty 5

fix Degrees of South Latitude, and shall there bond side carry on the said Fishery, and shall not return until; De^eesof° 3 after the Expiration of Fourteen Calendar Months from the Day on which they cleared out, but before the South Latitude^ Thirty first Day of December in the Second Year after their clearing out, to some Port in Great Britain, there and returning shall be paid and allowed Four hundred Pounds to each of such Ships or Vessels which shall so fail and " herein men-arrive within the time hereinbefore last mentioned, with the gr^test Quantity of Oil and Head Matter, taken

together, being not less in the whole than Twenty Tons, and being the Produce of any Whale or Whales, or 4 °'other Creatures being in those Seas, and taken and killed by the Crew of such Ship or Vessel.

IV. And be it further enacted, That for Ten othdr Ships or Vessels which shall be so fitted and cleared To Ten Ship*

out between the First Day of January and the Thirty first Day of December One thousand eight hundred ^ubLm° Qme and nineteen, and between the First Day of January and the Thirty first Day of December in each of the &oimd

Four succeeding Years, and shall double Cape Horn, or pass through the Streights of Magellan into the South returning with-

59 GiO. Ill* 6 N Seas, in time herein

ioo6

mentioned with greatest Quantity of Oil, &c. the First Ship 6ool. the other Nine Ships 50cl. each.

Benefits to Ships employed in the Southern Whale Fishery returning to any Port in Ireland.

[Proviso.]

Whale Boats not liable to Seizure on account of their Built, &c.

Till Jan. i, 1821, no Action, &c. prosecuted against Governors or others for levying 1 Rates or Duties prior to this Act.

Actions, if brought, to be stayed.

Rates and Duties levied before passing of this Act, may be collected or discontinued.

[Proviso.]

Governors empowered to levy* Duty upon spirits made within the Colony.

C. 113, 114. 59° GEORGII III. A.D. 1819.

Seas, and carry on the said Fishery during the Space of Four Months to the Westward of Cape Horn, in those Seas, or shall double the Cape of Good Hope, and carry on the said Fishery during the Space of Four Months to the Eastward of One hundred and five Degrees of East Longitude from London, and shall not return to some Port of Great Britain until after the Flxpiration of Sixteen Calendar Months from the Day on which they cleared out, but before the Thirty first Day of December in the Second Year after their clearing out, there shall be paid and allowed Six hundred Pounds to any one of such Ships or Vessels which shall so fail and arrive within the times herein last mentioned, with the greatest Quantity of Oft arid Head Matter, taken together, being not less in the whole than Thirty Tons, and being the Produce of any Whale or Whales, or other Creatures being in those Seas, and taken and killed by the Crew of such Ship or Vessel in the said Voyage, either outward or homeward; and there ftiallbe paid and allowed Five hundred Pounds to each of Nine of such Ships and Vessels last before mentioned, which shall so fail and arrive within the times herein last before mentioned, with the next greatest Quantity* of Oil and Head Matter, taken together, being not less in the whole than Thirty Tons, and being the Produce of any Whale or Whales, or other Creatures being in those Seas, and taken and killed by the Crew of such Ship or Vessel in the said Voyage, either outward or homeward.

V. And be it further, enabled. That all Ships which shall clear out for the Southern Whale Fishery, and shall return to any Port in Ireland with a Cargo of Oil, the Produce of the said Fishery, within the Period limited by this Act, shall be entitled to .all the Benefits uand Advantages arising from Bounties, Remission of Duties, or otherwise granted by the said recited Acts of the Thirty fifth and Fifty fifth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, in the like manner, and to the fame Extent, as if such Ships had returned to any Port in Great Britain.

VI. And be it further enacted, That no Boat used as and commonly called a Whale Boat, bekmgtog to any Ship or Vessel employed in the Taid Fishery to the Greenland Seas or Davis's Strcivhts, or in the Fishery carried on in the Seas to the Southward of the Greenland Seas and Davis's Streights, shall be liable to Seizure for or on account of her Built, Dimensions or Construction, provided on the Return of such Ship or Vessel from the Fisheries, at the <End of every Season, such Boat shall be laid up by the Owner or Owners thereof in such Place or Places as shall be approved of by the Principal Officer of His Majesty's Customs of the Port at which such Ship or Vessel shall arrive, and shall not be employed or made ufo of in any way whatever but in the said Fisheries.

CAP. CXIV.

An Act to flay Proceedings against any Governor or other Persons concerned in imposing and levying Duties in New South Wales; to continue, until the First Day of January One thoftsfasd eight hundred and twenty one, certain Duties j and to empower the said Governor to levy a T>*ty on Spirits made in the said Colony.

[12th July 1819.]

WHEREAS since the Establishment of a Colony in New South Wales, the Governors, or other Per-

Tons administering the Government thereof, have from time to time caused to be raised and levied

certain Rates and Duties upon Goods, Wares and Merchandise imported into or exported from the Settle- ments therein: And Whereas it is expedient that the said Governors and all other Persons Who may have«advised, issued or executed any Order with respect to the raising or levying any such Rates or Duties should be protected from vexatious Suits until further Provision shall be made by Parliament; 9 Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, until the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, no personal Action or Suit, Indictment, Information, Prosecution or Proceeding whatsoever, shall be prosecuted or commenced against any Governor of New South Wales, or against any Person or Persons, for having advised, commanded or carried into execution any Orders for the Levy of any Rate or Duty in the said Colony previous to the passing of this Act; and that if any Action or Suit, Indictment, Information or'other Proceeding shall be prosecuted or commenced against any Person or Persons, for or by reason of any such Act, Matter or thing lo advised, Commanded, appointed or done, it shall be lawful for the Defendant in any such Action, Suit, Indictment or Information as aforesaid, to apply to the Court in which such Action shall be brought, during the Sitting of such Court, or to any Judge of such Court during Vacation, for Stay of Proceedings, and such Court and such Judge respectively are hereby required to Hay such Proceedings accordingly until the said First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty one.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, until the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, it shall be lawful for the Governor, or other Person administering the Government of New South Wales, to order and direct the Levy of any Rate or Duty which may have been imposed or usually collected or levied in the said Colony previous to the passing of this Act, and no other: Provided also, that nothing herein contained shall be construed to prevent the said 'Governor, or other Person administering the Government of the said Settlement, from ordering at any time the Discon-timiance of any Rate or Duty heretofore imposed, collected or levied within the said Colony or Settlement.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Governor or.other Person administering the Government of the said Colony 'for the time being, to order and direct the Levy of a Duty upon any Spirits made within the Colony, although no such Duty may have been heretofore imposed and collected; provided always, that the Amount of Tueh'Duty shall in no Case exceed the Amount of Duty , levied arid paid upon Spirits imported into the Taid Colony and Settlements; and it shall be lawful for the

Governor

A.D. 1819. 59° GEORGII III. 0.114*115. 1007

Governor to make such Ruler and Regulatiops as may be neceflkry for the Colle6fion and Levy of the fame, in the same manner as if the said Duty upon Spirits made within the said Colony had been imposed, collected and levied previous to the paffiag of this Act \ any thing In this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. CXV.

An Act to repeal the Duties and Drawbacks of Excise on Plates or Sheets of Plate Glass, and to impose other Duties and allow other Drawbacks in lieu thereof.

[12th July 1819.]

WHEREAS by certain Acts made'in the Forty xhird, Forty fifth, and Fifty second Years of the Reign- of His present Majesty, certain Duties of Excise, amounting in the Whole to the Sum of Four Pounds Eighteen Shillings, are imposed for and upon every Hundred Weight of Materials or Metal,

or other Preparations whatever, by what Name soever the same are or may be called or known, that shall be made use of in Great Britain in the making of Plate Glass; and certain Countervailing Duties of Excise are imposed for and upon Irish Plate Glass imported into Great Britain, and certain Drawbacks are by Law payable on the Exportation of Plate Glass: And Whereas it is expedient to repeal the said Duties on Plate Glass made or to be made or imported as aforesaid in certain Plates or Sheets, and also the said Drawbacks, and to impose and allow such other Duties and Drawbacks respectively, as are herein after mentioned in lieu thereof Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this p relent Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Fifth Day of Ju/y One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, all and singular the Excise Duties payable in Great Britain for or upon the Materials or Metal or other Preparations whatever that shall be used in Great Britain in the making of Plate Glass, in Plates or Sheets, not being of less Thickness than Orle eighth Part of an Inch, or of greater Tliick-ness than Five eighth Parts of an Inch, and which shall be made for the purpose of being ground and polished at Plate Glass, and all and singular the Excise Duties payable in Great Britain for or upon Irish Plate Glass, which shall be imported or brought from' Ireland into Great Britain, in re&angular Plates of the Size of Six Inches in Length by Four Inches in Breadth at the least, and which when ground and polished is not of less Thickness throughout than One eighth Part of an Inch and free from Stains, and of good and fair Quality, and fit for immediate Use as ground andpolished Plate Glass, and which when unground and un-polished is not of less Thickness throughout than Two eighth Parts of an Inch, or more than Five eighth Parts of an Inch, and of good and fair Quality 5 and that from and after the passing of this Actfc, act and singular the Drawbacks of Excise payable in Great Britain for or upon Plate Glass exported shall be and the same are hereby respectively repealed, save and except in all Cases relating to the recovering, collecting or paying any Arrears thereof which may at that time remain unpaid, or to any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, Fines, Penalties or forfeitures, relating thereto; and that from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid unto His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, the'federal Duties and Countervailing Duties of Excise herein after mentioned; that is to say*

43 G. 7. c. 69. Sch. A. Tit. Glass.

45 G. 3. c. 30. 5a G. 3. c. 94.

43 G. 3. c. 69. Sch. C. Tit. Glass.

AS G. 3. C. 30. Sched. A. and

B. Tit. Glass.

52 G. 3. c. 94. Sched. A.B.

C. Tit.-Glass.

Duties payable in Great Britain o*'Materials in making Plate7 Glass, &c. of a certain Thick* ness* and on Plate Glass imported from Ireland of the Description herein mentioned, and also the Drawbacks repealed,

(except Ar-

and in lieu thereof the Duties following.'

For and upon every Hundred Weight of the Materials or Metal, or other Preparations whatever, by what Duties.

Name or Denomination the same are or may be called or known, that shall after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen be used in Great Britain in the making of Plate Glass, in Plates or Sheets not being of less Thickness throughout than One eighth Part of an Inch, or of greater Thickness throughout than Five eighth Parts of an Inch, and made for the purpose of being ground and polished as Plate Glass, an Excise Duty of Three Pounds, and so in proportion for any less Quantity:

For and upon every square Foot superficial Measure of ground and polished Plate Glass made and manu- Cdtrntervilling fa&Ured in Ireland, and which shall, after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen. Duties, be imported or brought into Great Britain in re&angular Plates of the Size of Six Inches in Length by Four Inches in Breadth at the least, and of the Thickness throughout of One eighth Part of an Inch at the least, and which shall be free from Stains, and of good and fair Quality, and fit for immediate Use as ground and polished Plate Glass, an Excise Countervailing-Duty of Two Shillings and Nine pence, and so in proportion for any less Quantity:

And for and upon every Hundred Weight of unground and unpolished Plate Glass made and manufactured in Ireland and which shall, after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, be imported or brought into Great Britain in redUngular Plates of the Size of Six Inches in Length by Four Inches in Breadth at the least, and of the Thickness throughout of not less than Two eighth Parts of an Inch, or of more than Five eighth Parts of an Inch, and which shall be of good and fair Quality, an Excise Countervailing Duty of Three Pounds, and so in proportion for any less Quantity:

And that in lieu of the Drawbacks hereby repealed, the fohowing Drawbacks shall be paid and allowed:

For and upon every square Foot superficial Measure of grOtmd or polished Plate Glass made in Great Britain, Drawback* in from Materials or Metal or other1 Preparations for or upon which the Duties payable for or in respect of Plate heu of Draw-Gftafs shall have been paid, and which shall, from and after the passing of this Act, and before the Fifth Day of k*0*8 repealed* July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, be exported in re&fcagular Plates of the Size of Six Inches in Length by Four Inches in Breadth at the least, and of the Thickness throughout of One eighth Part of an Inch at the least, and which shall be free from Stains, arid of good and fair Quality, and fit for immediate Use as ground and poWhtd Plate Glass, an Excise Drawback of Two Shillings and Nine pence, and so in proportion for any less Quantity:

ioo8

t Sie.

Not to repeal Duties otherwise than as

hereinbefore

mentioned.

Notice to Officer before Glass or Metal taken out of Pot

Neglecting, &c. to give Notice, or unduly acting before or after Notice given.

Penalty aocL

Treasury may prescribe Regulations for better Selection of Glass for Optical Instruments.

Duties under Commissioners of Excise.

Duties carried to Consolidated Fund.

Duties and Drawbacks how levied and paid.

C. 115. 59° GEORGII III. A.D. 1819.

For and upon every square Foot superficial Measure of groun<J or polished Plate Glass made in Great Britain, from Materials or Metal or other Preparations for or upon which the Duties payable for or in respect of Plate Glass shall have been paid, and which shall, after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nine-, teen, be exported in rectangular Plates of the Size of Six Inches in Length by Four Inches in Breadth at the least, and of the Thickness throughout of One eighth Part of an Inch at the least, and which shall be free from Stains, and of good and fair Quality, and fit for immediate Use as ground and polished Plate Glass, an Excise Drawback of Two Shillings and Nine pence, and so in proportion for any less Quantity:

For and upon every Hundred Weight of unground and unpolished Plate Glass made in Great Britain, from Materials or Metal or other Preparations for or upon which the Duties payable for or in respect of Plate Glass shall have been paid, and which shall from and after the passing of this Act, and before the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, be exported in rectangular Plates of the Size of Six Inches in Length, by Four Inches in Breadth at the least, and of the Thickness throughout of not less than Two eighth Parts of an Inch of f or more than Five eighth Parts of an Inch, and which shall be of good and fair Quality, an Excise Drawback of Three Pounds, and so in proportion for any less Quantity:

And for and upon every Hundred Weight of unground and unpolished Plate Glass made in Great Britain, from Materials or Metal or other Preparations for or upon which the Duties payable for or in respect of Plate Glass shall have been paid, and which shall, after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, be exported in rectangular Plates of the Size of Six Inches in Length, by Four Inches in Breadth at the least, and of the Thickness throughout of not less than Two eighth Parts of an Inch, or of more than Five eighth Parts of an Inch, and which shall be of good and fair Quality, an Excise Drawback of Three Pounds, and so in proportion for any less Quantity.

II. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be deemed or construed to extend, to repeal or alter the Duties imposed and payable at and immediately before the passing of this Act, for or upon the Materials or Metal or other Preparations that shall be made use of in Great Britain in the making of Plate Glass, or for or upon Irtfb Plate Glass imported into Great Britain, otherwise than as hereinbefore mentioned.

III. And be it further enacted, That all and every Maker and Makers of Plate Glass shall, when and so often as he or they shall make or manufacture any Plate Glass, express and specify in a Notice in Writing to be delivered to the proper Officer of Excise by such Maker or Makers, before any Glass or Metal shall be taken or worked out of any Pot in which Materials shall have been put for making Plate Glass, and before or at the time that such Officer shall gauge and take an Account of the Metal therein, previous to any Glass or Metal being taken out or worked therefrom as aforesaid, whether such Pot of Glass or Metal is intended by such Maker or Makers to be call or blown into Plates or Sheets under the Provisions of and subject to the Duty-granted and imposed by this Act; and if any such Maker or Makers shall refuse or neglect to give any such Notice as aforesaid, or shall before such Notice is given as aforesaid, take or work, or cause, permit or suffer to be taken or worked, any Glass or Metal out of any Pot charged with or into which any Materials shall have been put for making Plate Glass, or shall after such Notice has been given, expressing and specifying that the Glass or Metal in such Pot is intended by such Maker or Makers to be cast or blown into Plates or Sheets under the Provisions of and subject to the Duty granted and imposed by this Act, make use of or employ, or cause or suffer to be made use of or employed, any Part of the Glass or Metal in such Pot for any other purpose whatsoever, except as Waite Metal to be refluxed, all and every such Maker and Makers shall forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

IV. And Whereas a strict Adherence to the Regulations established by Law for the Protection of the Revenue in the Manufacture of Glass, has been found by Experience greatly to obstruct the Preparation and Selection of Glass fitted for the purposes of Optical Instruments, used in the Sciences of Astronomy and Navigation Be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, from time to time to alter the Whole or any Part of the said Regulations, and to prescribe such other Conditions and Securities as they may judge necessary and expedient for the better Preparation and Selection of Glass adapted to the making of Optical Instruments.

V. And be it further enacted, That such of the Duties by this Act imposed as shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called England, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise in England for the time being; and such thereof as shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland for the time being.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies arising by the Duties by this Act imposed (the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the fame excepted), shall from time to time be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, and shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Duties, Allowances and Drawbacks shall be respectively raised, levied, collected, recovered, allowed and paid in such and the like manner, and in or by any or either of the general or special Means, Ways or Methods, by which the former Duties and Drawbacks of Excise respectively hereby repealed, were or might be raised, levied, collected, recovered, allowed and paid j and the said Persons, Goods, Wares, Merchandise or Commodities, so by this Act respectively made liable to the Payment of or chargeable with the said Duties imposed or entitled to the said Drawbacks respectively granted by this Act, shall be and the same are hereby made subject and liable to all and every the Conditions, Regulations, Rules, Restrictions and Forfeitures, to which such Persons, Goods, Wares, Merchandise or Commodities were generally or specially subject and liable by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force at and immediately before the passing of this Act respecting the Duties of Excise, or other Duties under the

Management

A.D. 1819. 59° GEORGII III. C. 115, 116.

Management of the said Commissioner's of Excise respectively, were or might be subject and liable; and all and every Pain, Penalty, Fine or Forfeiture, of any Nature or Kind whatever, for any Offence whatever committed against or in breach of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force at and immediately before the passing of this Act, and for securing the Revenue of Excise or other Duties under the Management of the said Commissioners of Excise respectively, or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof, and the several Clauses, Powers and Directions therein contained, shall and are hereby directed and declared to extend to and shall be respectively applied, practised and put in execution for and in respect of the said several Duties of Excise and Drawbacks respe6bvely hereby charged, imposed and allowed, in as full and ample manner to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if all and every the said Acts, Clauses, Provisions, Powers, Directiontf, Fines, Pains, Penalties or Forfeitures, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, no Person or Persons whatsoever shall make, manufacture or keep, or erect, set up, enter or make use of any House or Place whatsoever in Great Britain, for the making, manufacturing or keeping of a certain Glass called Smalts, within the Distance of One Mile in a direct Line from any House or Place which shall be entered or used for the making, manufacturing or keeping of any other Glass 5 nor shall any Person or Persons whatsoever make, manufacture or keep, or erect, set up, enter or use any House or Place whatsoever in Great Britain, for making, manufacturing or keeping any other Glass within the Distance of One Mile in a direct Line from toy House or Place which shall be entered or used for making, manufacturing or keeping the said Glass called Smalts; nor shall any Maker or Manufacturer of Smalts make or manufacture any other kind of Glass, on pain of forfeiting for every such Offence, the Sum of Five hundred Pounds; and all and every Entries and Entry of any such House or Place so made use of for the making, manufacturing or keeping of either Smalts or other Glass, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, shall be null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

I A. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act imposed, shall be sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated by such Ways, Means and Methods' as any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture is or may be sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, and that One Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture shall be to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him, her or them who shall discover, inform or sue for the lame.

X. And be it further enacted, That this Act, or any of the Provisions thereof, may be altered, varied or repealed by any Act to be made in this Session of Parliament.

CAP. CXVI.

An Act to defray the Charge of the Pay, Clothing and contingent Expences of the Disembodied Militia in Great Britain: and for granting Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers, Adjutants, Quartermasters, Surgeons, Surgeons Mates and Serjeant Majors of Militia, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty.

[12th July 1819.]

[This Act is the same as 58 G. 3. c. 58. except as to Dates, and as to the SeQions that are here inserted. J

II. PROVIDED always, and be it further enacted, That any Paymaster of disembodied Militia, being either on Naval or Military Half Pay, or being entitled to any Allowance as having served in any of His Majesty's Regular Forces, or Navy or Marines, shall and may ana he is hereby empowered to receive and take the aforesaid Rates of disembodied Pay, (videlicet) Six Shillings, Five Shillings or Four Shillings per Diem, as the Case may be, and the receiving and taking such Rates of disembodied Pay as aforesaid shall not prevent such Paymaster on Half Pay, or being entitled to any such Allowance, from receiving his Half Pay or such Allowance, and such Paymaster shall take the following Oath before some Justice of the Peace, who is hereby empowered to administer the same:

1 A.B. do swear, That I had not between the and the

any Place or Employment of Profit, Civil or Military, under His Majesty, besides my Allowance of Half

Pay as a reduced in His Majesty's Army or Navy, or Marines, (as the case may be),

save and except my disembodied Pay (of Six Shillings, Five Shillings or Four Shillings, as the case may be)

4 as Paymaster of the Militia.'

And the taking the said Oath shall be sufficient to entitle such Paymaster to receive his Half Pay or the said Allowance, without taking any other Oath; any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Subaltern Officers and Surgeons Mates of the Militia who shall claim under the Authority of this Act to receive any Part of the said Allowances*, shall, previous to receiving the fame, and in order to entitle themselves thereto, take and subscribe an Oath before some one of His Majesty*8 Justices of the Peace in the United Kingdom, in the Words or to the Effect following; (videlicet),

1 A.B. do swear, That I belonged to the - of Militia when the fame was disem-

A bodied, and that I have continued to serve therein from that time until the Day of

inclusive, as a Lieutenant, Ensign or Surgeon's Mate (as the case may be); and that

4 I was not in my own Right or in Right of my Wife, during the said Period, in the actual Possession and Enjoyment, or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments of such an annual Value above Reprizes as would qualify me to hold a Commission of Captain of a Company in the Militia;

that

1009

Powers of Acts in force for securing the Revenue of Ex* rise extended to this Act.

Erecting, &c. House for making or keeping Smalts, and other Sorts of Glass, within One Mile of each other. Maker of SmaltS rnahinff any other Kina of Glass. Penalty 500L and Entries void.

Recovery and Application of Penalties.

Act altered, &c. this Session.

Paymaster allowed disembodied Pay.

Oath.

The following Oath to be taken to entitle Subalterns to such Allowances.

IOTO

Paymasters to pay the Allowances oa the 24th September; 24th December 1819, and 24th March 1820, without Deduction.

Ferseos being on Half Pfcy* or entitled to., Allowance aa-having served; , Inithe Army or Navy, enw powerei-if serving in the Militia, to receive the Pay and Allowances hereby directed to be paid, on taking the following Oath.

Allowances to Subaltern Officers and Assistant Surgeons.

[Proviso.]

Subalterns and Amistant Surgeons claiming Al*

take the fid-lowing Oath.

C. 116, 117. 59° GEORGII III. A.D. 181.9.

that I have not during the above Period held the Appointment of Adjutant, Surgeon, Paymaster or Qm*>

termaster in any Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Nulitia; that I did not hold or enjoy, nor did any PerfoB

for me hold or enjoy, during the said Period, any Office: or Income whatsoever from the Public, or from

any other Government, besides the Allowance of a Day now claimed, except my

Half Pay as a of the Army, or Navy, or Marines, or»of a Provisional Battalion formed

from the Militia (as the case may be). So help me GOD.?

Which Oath so taken and subscribed shall be produced to the Paymaster of the Regiment of Militia by the Subaltern Officer or Surgeon's Mate claiming the Allowance.

XII. And be it further enacted, That upon such Oaths and Certificates as aforesaid, or where any RegU ment of Militia shall not have been called out to their annual Exercise as aforesaid, upon the said Oaths being produced to the respective Paymasters, it shall be lawful for such Pay matters, and they are hereby authorised and required, to pay to the said Subaltern Officers and Surgeons Mates, according to their respective Com* millions of Lieutenant, Ensign or Surgeon's Mate, the Allowance above mentioned, for Six Months or other proper Period, on the Twenty fourth Day of September next, and the other Proportions of the fame on the Twenty fourth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, and the Twenty fourth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty, without any Deduction whatsoever; the Oaths and Certift* cates before mentioned to be by them preserved and produced among the Vouchers for the Payments from time to time made by them in pursuance of this Act, or of any Regulation made by the Secretary at War.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That any Person being on Naval or Military Half Pay, or being entitled to any Allowance as having served in any of His Majesty's Forces, or Navy or Marines, ami serving in the Militia, shall and may and he is hereby empowered to receive and take the Pay and Allowances by this Act directed to be paid to Field Officers, Captains, Lieutenants, Ensigns, Adjutants, Quartermasterif Surgeons and Surgeons Mates, when assembled for annual Training.; and the receiving and taking any such Pay and Allowances by any such Field Officer, Captain, Lieutenant, Ensign, Adjutant, Quartermaster, Surgeon or Surgeon's Mate, shall not prevent such Person on Half Pay, or being entitled to any such Allowance, from receiving his Half Pay or such Allowance; and such Person shall take the following Oath before some Justice of the Peace, who is hereby empowered to administer the same:

I A.B. do swear, I had not between the and the any Place or Employment of Profit, Civil or Military, under His Majesty, besides my Allowance of Half Pay as a 4 reduced in His Majesty's Army, or Navy, or Marines, [as the case may be) save^md

except my Pay or Allowance as a Field Officer* Captain, Lieutenant, Ensign, Adjutant, PaymafNr,

Quartermaster, Surgeon or Surgeon's Mate, while assembled for Training and Exercise (as the case may be), for serving in the Militia of the County of

And the taking the said Oath shall be sufficient to entitle such' Person to receive his Half Pay or the said Allowance without taking any other Oath; any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. CXVII.

An Act for defraying, until the Twenty fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty,

the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia of Ireland; and for making.Allowances to Officers and Quarter matters of the said Militia during Peace. [ 1 zth July 1819.]

[Thit Ait is the same as 58 G. 3. c. 59.. except as ta Dates, as to the ScBions that are here tnfarted, andcu4oibeTstUS\

VII. AND Whereas it is expedient to grant Allowances to certain Officers of the said Militia Forces of Ireland, while disembodied, under certain Regulations* Be it farther enabled, That the following Allowances shall be made and paid, to the Amount, under the Restrictions, and in the manner herein after expressed, to every Subaltern Officer and Assistant Surgeon now bearing a Commission and serving in the Militia of Ireland, who shall have continued faithfully to serve until the disembodying thereof; and also to every Supernumerary Subaltern Officer and Assistant Surgeon of any Regiment of Militia in Ireland, which shall have been augmented during the War, and which shall have been reduced* to its original Establishment; that is to say, to a Lieutenant Two Shillings and Sixpence a Day, to an Ensign Two Shillings a Day, and to an Assistant Surgeon Two Shillings and Sixpence a Day: Provided always, that such' Allowances shall not be received for the time during which the Regiment, Battalion cr Corps to which such Officers belong, is assembled for Training and Exercise.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Subaltern Officers and Assistant Surgeons of the said Militia^ who? shall claim under the Authority of this Act to receive any Part of the said Allowances, shall* previous to receiving the fame, and in oi'der to-entitle themselves thereto, take and subscribeaii; Oath before some ono of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for any County in the United Kingdom im.which they shall respectivelybe, in the Words or to the Effefl following; {videlicet),

4 J A* B. do swear, That I belonged to the of the Militia of Ittldad*

when the fame was disembodied, and that I have continued to serve therein, from that time until*

the Day of inclusive* act a .Lieutenant, Ensign or Assistant*

Surgeon, (as the case maybe); and that I was not in* my own Right, or in Right of my Wife, daring the' 4 said Period, in the actual Possession and Enjoyment or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, of such an annual Value above Reprizes as would qualify me to hold a Commission

A.D. 1819. 59° GEORGII III.

0.117.

1011

of Captain of a Company in the ^Militia of a County at large in Inland; that I have not daring the above Period held the Appointment of Adjutant or Surgeon in any Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Militia; that

I did not hold or enjoy, nor.did any Person for me hold or enjoy, during the said Period, any Office or

Income whatsoever from the Public, except my Half Pay as a reduced in His Majesty's

Army, or Navy, or Marines \as the case may be), besides my Allowance as of the

Militia. So help me GOD.*

Which Oath so taken and subscribed shall be by the said Justice forthwith certified and transmitted, and he is Justices to hereby required to certify and transmit the fame, to the Paymaster of the Regiment or Battalion of Militta in transmit Oaths which such Subaltern Officer or Assistant Surgeon shall be then serving. ^e Pay*

X. And be it further enacted, That every Subaltern Officer and Assistant Surgeon of the said Militia, who master*

shall be entitled or claim to be entitled to the Benefits of this Act, shall regularly attend the annual Exercise Such and Training of the Regiment or Battalion to which he belongs, during the whole of the time by Law attw^theao? appointed for that Purpose, and shall during the said time punctually do and perform his Duty as a Subaltern nuai Exercise. Officer or Assistant Surgeon of such Regiment, on pain of forfeiting the said Allowance, as well as the rest penalty, of his Pay and every Part thereof which may be due for the current Year in which he shall neglect or refiife to attend; and Certificates of his having so attended and performed his Duty, signed by the Commanding Cerdficwevotf Officer of the Regiment or Battalion to which he may belong, shall be fumished by the said Commanding an^tobetwa] Officer to the Paymaster of the Regiment or Battalion of Militia to which the Officer shall belong: Provided always, that in case any such Subaltern Officer or Assistant Surgeon, claiming to be entitled to such Allowance, Commanding shall by his Commanding Officer be permitted or suffered, for any special Cause or unavoidable Necessity, to Officer to the be absent during the whole or any Part of such annual Exercise, for which purpose it shall be lawful for such Paymaster of Commanding Officer to grant such Leave of Absence, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for such^RefPment* Subaltern Officer or Assistant Surgeon who may befo permitted to be absent, and have such Leave in Writing, to demand and receive the said Allowance and every Part thereof in like manner as if he had attended during the Whole of the said annual Exercise: Provided always, that the Reasons for which Absence, as well as the Duration thereof, shall be carefully and truly specified in Certificates (in lieu of those before mentioned) to be signed by the Commanding Officer, and to be furnished as soon as conveniently may be to the Paymaster of be insortedm the Regiment of Battalion wherein such Subaltern or Assistant Surgeon shall be serving. Certificate.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any such Subaltern Officer or Affiftaitt Surgeon hath in case of died, or shall die at any time after having duly taken the Oath required by this Act or by any former Act, Death of any for the like purpose, such Allowance at the Rates by the Day respectively hereinbefore mentioned, from the such Subaltern time to which the last Payment thereof hath been or shall be made, to the Day of the Death of such or Assistant Subaltern Officer or Assistant Surgeon, shall be issued, and shall, by and under the Orders of the Lord th^wances JLieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, notified in the usual Form by the Chief to be applied. Secretary or Under Secretary, be applied first to the Payment of his Regimental Deb*s> if any, that is to

say, of all Sums of Money due by such Subaltern Officer or Assistant Surgeon in respect of any Military Clothing, Appointments or Equipments, or in respect of any .Quarters, or of any Mess or Regimental Accounts, or due to any Agent, Paymaster or Quartermaster, or any other Officer, upon any such Account, or on account of any Advances or Advance made for any such Purpose; and that the Surplus of such Allowances, and no more thereof, shall be deemed the Personal Estate of such deceased, for the purpose of Distribution, or of any Stamp or other Duty payable in respect thereof; and if such Surplus shall not exceed Twenty Pounds, the same shall and may, by and under the like Orders as aforesaid, be paid to such Person or Persons as shall be mentioned in such Orders respectively as being entitled thereto; and all and every Mifi5h Payments and Payment so made shall be good, valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame had been made under the Authority of any Probate or Letters of Adrainistration 5 any thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament or Law or Laws to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the Subaltern Officers and Assistant Surgeons of the said Militia, Subaltern*nd entitled or claiming to be entitled to the Benefits of this Act, shall at all times be liable to serve in the As81*"* &* respective Regiments-or Battalions to which they belong, whenever the same shall be embodied and called out

upon actual Service; and in case of Neglect or Refusal to attend when called upon, at such times or for such catted-upon. Occasions as may be required of them, in pursuance of the Laws now in force respecting the said Militia when disembodied, each and every such Subaltern Officer and Assistant Surgeon shall, on such Neglect or Refusal being certified to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, or his or their Chief Secretary, and to the Paymaster of the Regiment or Battalion, by the Colonel or other Commandant of the Regiment or Battalion to which such Subaltern Officer or Assistant Surgeon shall belong, forfeit his Claims Penalty, to the said Allowance and every Part thereof, and shall also be considered as having resigned and vacated his Commission to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That any Person being on Naval or Military Half Pay, Personson-or being entitled to any Allowance as having served in any of His Majesty's Forces, or Navy or Marines, and serving in the Militia, shall and may and he is hereby empowered to receive and take the Pay and Allowances or^tltled m by this Act directed to be paid to Field Officers, Captains, Lieutenants, Ensigns, Adjutants, Pay matters/ Allowance «s Quartermasters, Surgeons and Assistant Surgeons, when afiecibled for annual Training; and the receiving and having served taking any such Pay and Allowances by any such Field Officer, Captain, Lieutenant, Ensign, Adjutant, in His Majesty's Quartermaster, Surgeon or Assistant Surgeon, ffialL not be deemed receiving or taking of Pay, foasin any wanner to prevent such Person on Half Pay, or being entitled to any such Allowance, from recenring his iJIiSf/may* Half Pay, or such Allowance; and such Person shall take thefatiowing Oath before feme Justice of the Peace, receive the same who is hereby empowered toadunnifter the fame. on taking the

I A.B. following Oath.

1012

Oath.

c.

117, 118.

59° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1819.

Proviso for Chelsea or Kilmainkam Pensions.

Allowance to Surgeons of disembodied Regiments.

Quartermasters after 30 Years Service as herein mentioned, to receive an Allowance after the Rate of their Pay while Militia is disembodied.

Persons not liable to Assessment after 5th April which shall next happen after Bankruptcy or Insolvency, for Articles kept and used for Trade, and surrendered, &c.

Proviso for Payments made by Assignees,

Certain Exemptions from Duties on Persons employed as Shopmen, or as Grooms, &c.

I A.B. do swear, That I had not between the and the

any Place or Employment of Profit, Civil or Military, under His Majesty, besides my Allowance of

Half Pay as a reduced in His Majesty's Navy (or in the Marines, or in

late Regiment of)or Allowance as in

late Troop of Horse Guards (or Regiment of Horse reduced), save and

except my Pay or Allowance as a Field Officer, Captain, Lieutenant, Ensign, Adjutant, Paymaster or Quartermaster, Surgeon or Assistant Surgeon (as the case may be), for serving in the Militia in the County of .*

And the taking the said Oath shall be sufficient to entitle such Person to receive his Half Pay or the said Allowance without taking any other Oath; any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Non Commissioned Officer or Private Man in the said Militia, entitled to receive any Pension or Allowance from Chelsea Hospital or Kilmainham Hospital, shall forfeit or lose his Right to the fame by reason of his serving and receiving Pay in the said Militia when assembled for Training.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That there shall be granted to the Surgeon of each Regiment or Battalion of the said Militia, when disembodied, a Sum of Money in addition to his ray, after the Rate of One Guinea for every One hundred Men of each such Regiment, for the Expences of necessary Medicines for the sick Non Commissioned Officers, Drummers and Private Men of such Regiment or Battalion during the Period or Periods of Assembly for annual Exercise or Training, and also an Allowance of Sixpence per Month for each of the Non Commissioned Officers arid Drummers of each Regiment on constant Pay at Head Quarters, for the Expence of necessary Medicines and Attendance given to the Non Commissioned Officers and Drummers in constant Pay at Head Quarters, while such Regiment is not called out for annual Training and Exercise.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, any Quartermaster of the said Militia who shall have served faithfully, either in His Majesty's Regular Forces or in the said Militia, for the full Term of Thirty Years in the whole, whereof Fifteen shall have been as a Quartermaster of the said Militia, who shall have been or shall be by Age or Infirmity rendered unfit for further Service, shall, on producing to the Chief Secretary of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, or in his Absence to the Under Secretary, a Certificate of such Service of Thirty Years as aforesaid, from the Commanding Officers of the different Corps to which he shall have belonged, and obtaining from such Chief Secretary, or in his Absence such Under Secretary, an Order founded upon such Certificate, be entitled to receive, and the Paymaster of the Regiment shall be and is hereby authorised to pay such Person, an Allowance at the Rate of his Pay when serving in the said Militia while disembodied: Provided always, that no Person shall be entitled to receive such Allowance as aforesaid who shall hold any Office or Employment of Profit, Civil or Military, under His Majesty: Provided also, that no such Quartermaster shall, by reason of receiving such Allowance as aforesaid, forfeit any Right which he may have to Half Pay, but shall be entitled to receive such Half Pay as well as such Allowance.

CAP. CXVIII.

An Act to give Relief in certain Cases of Assessment of Taxes in Great Britain, and to Persons

compounding for their Assessed Taxes in Ireland, from an Annual Assessment for Three Years,

from the Sixth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty.

[12th July 1819.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to give Relief from certain Duties of Assessed Taxed in Great Britain>

4 in the Cases herein after mentioned May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That no Person or Persons becoming, or who shall have become bankrupt or infqlvent, shall be liable to be assessed to the said Duties after the Fifth Day of April next after the time of such Bankruptcy or Insolvency, in respect of any Article or Articles kept and used for the purposes of Trade at or before the time of such Bankruptcy or Insolvency, which Article or Articles shall have been seized or surrendered, and bond side fold under or by virtue of such Bankruptcy or Insolvency, and not kept or used by such Bankrupt or Insolvent after the Fifth Day of April next after such Bankruptcy or Insolvency: Provided that nothing herein contained shall be construed to affect the Payment by the Assignee or Assignees of every such Bankrupt or Insolvent, and such Assignee or Assignees shall pay the Duties assessed on every such Bankrupt or Insolvent at the time of such Bankruptcy or Insolvency up to the Fifth Day of April next after the same shall have happened, as if this Act had not been made.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Duties imposed by the several Acts for charging Assessed Taxes in Great Britain for every Male Person employed by any Person in Trade as a Shopman, or in the Capacity of a Groom, Stable Boy, or Helper in the Stables, shall cease and determine from and after the passing of this Act, upon every Assessment made or to be made after the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, in respect of every Person being the Son of the Employer or Employers, or One of them, occasionally resident with his Parent or Parents, and so employed by him, her or them during such occasional Residence only; and in respect of every Male Person so employed under the Age of Fifteen Years, and wholly maintained and lodged in the House of his Employer or Employers, and in respect of any Male Person so employed, being of the Age of Fifteen Years or upwards, and bound an Apprentice to his Employer or Employers, or assigned to him, her or them, until such Apprentice shall arrive at the Age of Twenty one Years, or upwards, and wholly maintained and lodged in Uie House of his Employer or Employers

A.D. 1819' 59° GEORGII III. O.118. 1013

Ployers: Provided always, that the Cause of every such Exemption shall be truly returned and Rated in the Cause of E*. manner required by the Act in force at the time of passing this Act empttoa to be

III. And Whereas by the said several Acts, Duties amounting to the Sum of Five Pounds are imposed return for every Male Person employed in the Capacity of or as a Traveller, where the fame Employer or Employers shall keep or employ more than one such Male Person: And Whereas it is necessary in some Traders to employ many Persons to travel from Place to Place on Foot, and it is expedient to relieve their respective Employers from the said Duties for more than Four such Travellers; Be it further enacted, That from and How far after the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, the fame Employer or Employers in Houses In Partnership together, who shall employ more than Four Male Persons in the Capacity of or as Travellers to travel from Place to Place on Foot, such shall be exempt for every Male Person so employed above the oi?Foot, ex? Number of Four, any former Law to, the contrary notwithstanding. empt from Duty.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners acting in the Execution of the Assessments for said Acts and this Act to reduce the Amount of any Assessments which shall have been made for the Years 1817, 1818, ending the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, the Fifth Day of April One thou-"d819, for sand eight hundred and eighteen, and the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and nineteen "7 respectively, on the Employer or Employers of such Travellers on Foot for any greater Number of such p^ur Trmrej-Travellers than Four, according to the Provisions of this Act, and as if this Act had been made prior to the iersf may be re-Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixteen 5 and in all Cases where Assessments so reduced duced; which shall have been previously paid by the Parties, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to certify the being certified Number of Travellers so charged, and the Amount which such Assessments shall have been dinunished, with the Cause or Causes thereof, to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes 5 and in that Case it shall jaxe* they be lawful for the said Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes to order and direct the Receiver General of the shall order Pay-County, Riding or Division who shall have received the Sums so paid under such Assessments, to repay to ment of the the Party the Amount so reduced, which Order shall be an Authority to such Receiver General to repay Sum reduced, the fame, and such Repayment shall be allowed in his Accounts: Provided always, that no such Assessment Notice by shall be reduced, except upon a Notice and Declaration being delivered by the Party making the Claim to C, aunant the Surveyor, or the Commissioners of the District or Place where such Assessment is made; and the Parties ur*eyor' so making any such Claim shall appear before the said Commissioners to verify the fame in the manner required by the said Acts in Cases of Appeal.

V. And Whereas Doubts nave arisen whether by virtue of an Act passed in the Fifty second Year of 52 G. 3. c. 93.

the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for granting to His Majesty certain New and Additional Duties of Assessed Taxes, and for confoTidating the fame with the former Duties of AJfeJfed Taxes, any Person chiefly retained and employed for the purposes of preferring Game, as an Under Keeper, is liable to

4 be assessed as a Servant to the Person or Persons so retaining or employing such Under Keeper; Be it

therefore enacted, That any Person or Persons chiefly retained and employed for the purpose of preserv- Under Game-

ing Game, as an Under Keeper, under any Gamekeeper duly appointed by any Lord or Lady of the not a*"

Manor, such Gamekeeper being an assessed Servant, shall not be liable to be assessed as an additional Servant, additiond^Ser-but shall be assessed after the Rate of Ten Shillings per Annum, ana no more, unless such Under Keeper vant, butas-be also employed in some other Capacity by which he is liable to be assessed as a Servant under the Pro- sessed at 10s. viflons of the said recited Act of the Fifty third Year aforesaid. per Annum.

VI. And Whereas by an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to grant certain 58 G. 3. c. 54.

Rates, Duties and Taxes in Ireland in respect of Fire Hearths, IVindows, Male Servants, Horses, Carriages,

and Dogs, in lieu of former Rates y Duties and Taxes thereony and to provide for the Payment thereof to the Collectors of Excise, and for the more effectual accounting for the famey certain Rates, Duties and Taxes §3.

are granted to His Majesty, payable in Ireland on Dwelling Houses, for and in respect of the Fire Hearths or other Places for Firing or Stoves, and of the Windows or Lights therein, and in the Outhouses, Offices and Edifices 'appertaining thereto, and on Male Servants and other Male Persons, and on Horses, Mares and Geldings, and on Carriages, Race Horses and Dogs; and it is expedient to relieve such Persons as are willing and desirous of compounding for the said Rates, Duties and Taxes, or for any of them, from an annualjAssessinent, and from all further or increased Charges on Articles of the fame Description, for a Term to be limited, on condition of their paying certain additional Rates on the Amount of the last Assessment made for the Year ending on the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty Be it therefore enacted, That all and every the Assessments which shall have been Assessments or shall be made in Ireland under and by virtue of the said recited Act of the last Session of Parliament, for "J Ireland for the Year ending on the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty, shall be and remain in force to the fame Amount in respect of all and every the Persons and Person who shall compound for the annual to continue for Payment thereof for the Term of Three Years, to commence on and from the Sixth Day of January Three Years in iphich will be in the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty, upon the Terms and Conditions herein- respect to Per-after mentioned; and it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, or yons^compcmnd-any Three or more of them, to contract and agree with any Person or Persons who is or are or shall ^je°r be assessed or charged for the said Year ending on the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty, with the Rates, Duties and Taxes granted by the said Act, or any of them, ana who shall apply to the said Commissioners for that Purpose, for the Composition of the Rates, Duties and Taxes which such Person or Persons shall be chargeable with and liable to pay for the said Period of Three Years, according to the Directions and Provisions of this Act 5 and all and every Persons and Person who Terms of Com-have been or shall be assessed and charged for the Year ending as aforesaid, with the Rates, Duties and portion to be Taxes made payable by virtue of the said Act or any of them, are and is hereby respectively declared A°_UI?t ° f 59 Geo. III. 6 6 to

TO 14

1819, with additional ft*

British for every 2 os.

Money carried to Consolidated Fund*

Compounders may open additional Fire Places or Win* dows, and keep additional Servants, Horses, be without incurring Increase of Duty.

Composition for Dwelling Houses to cease on Jan. 5, next after Removal, Death, Insolvency, & c. of Party.

Composition binding on Persons and their Effects*

Effects answerable for Arrears of Composition, in case of Removal, Death cr Insolvency of Compounder, and not to be removed;

and Effects may be distrained.

Composition paid as Rates now payable*

Compounders entitled to Allowances,

C. 118. 59° GEORGII ILL. A.D. 1819.

to be competent to enter into Composition with the said ComBrifikmers for their, his or her said Rateay Duties and Taaes, for the Term of Three Years, to commence on and from the said Sixth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty, on the fame Amount annually as shall have been or shall be affeifed and charged upon such Person or Persons for the Year ending as aforesaid, together with SUr additional annual Rate of One Shilling British Currency for every Twenty Shillings British Currency of the Amount so assessed and charged, and so after that Rate for any greater or lesser Sum than Twenty Shillings; and the Monies arising under the Compassions entered into under this Act (the necessary Charges for raising and accounting for the fame being deducted) shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Persons and Person in Ireland entering into.any such. Composition according to the Provisions of this Act, and paying the Amount of the Sums compounded for at the times and in manner specified in this Act, and doing and performing all other matters and things required by this Act, shall be entitled to make or open, and keep open, during the said Term, free of Duty or Tax, any additional Number of Hearths, Firing Places or Stoves, or Windows or Lights, in their, his or her Dwelling House (and any Outhouses, Offices or Edifices appertaining thereto), in respect of which such Composition shall have been made; and also to keep and use during the said Term, free of Duty or Tax, any one or more additional Male Servant or Servants or other Male Person or Persons, Horse, Mare or Gelding, Horses, Mares or Geldings, Carriage or Carriages, Race Horse or Race Horses, Dog or Dogs, (although the fame may by the said Act be charged with different and progressive Rates of Duty according to the Number thereof, ) beyond the Number in respect of which such Person or Persons so entering into such Composition were or was or shall be charged in the Assessment on which such Com-, position shall have been made, and shall be exempt, from any further Compliance with any of the Provisions contained in the said Act, and from all Assessments thereon, during the said Term of Three Years, in respect: of all and every or any such Articles so compounded for*

VIII. And be it further enacted, That every Composition entered into under the Provisions of this Act, in respect of the Rates, Duties and Taxes charged on airy Dwelling House in Ireland, from which the Per*, fens or Person making such Composition shall remove during the Term herein limited, shall cease and determine on the Fifth Day of January next after such Removal; and every Composition entered into under this Act, in respect of any other of the Rates, Duties and Taxes granted by the said recited Act, with any Person or Persons who wkhin the said Term of Three Years herein limited shall die or become bankrupt or insolvent, shall also cease and determine on the Fifth Day of January next after such Death, Bankruptcy, Insolvency or Alignment.

IX. And be it further enacted, That every Composition entered into in Ireland in pursuance of this Act, subject to the Determination thereof as aforesaid, shall bind the Person or Persons entering into the fame, hk, her and their Chattels, Goods and Effects, to the due and ptmftual Payment and Satisfaction, at the times and in the Proportions herein specified, of the full Amount of the Sum made payable upon the said Composition, or by virtue thereof, during the Continuance of the fame, according to and under the Provisions of this Act.

X. And be it further enacted, That all and every Persons or Person so having compounded, and quitting or removing from the Dwelling Houses or Dwelling House in Ireland in respect of which such Composition shall be made, and the Executors, Administrators or Assignees of such Persons or Person dying, or becoming bankrupt or insolvent, shall be bound to the due and punctual Payment of all Sums accruing due or in arrear at the respective times of such Removal, Death, Bankruptcy or Insolvency, or which shall be payable upon such Composition for the Year ending on the Fifth Day of January next after such Removal, Death, Bankruptcy or Insolvency 5 and no Goods or Chattels whatever, belonging to any Person or Persons so having compounded, and quitting or removing from their, his or her Dwelling House, or dying or becoming bankrupt or insolvent, mail be removed, nor shall any Goods or Chattels belonging to any Person or Persons so having compounded, be liable to be taken by virtue of any Execution, or other Process, Warrant or Authority, unless the Persons or Person so having compounded, or their, his or her Executors, Administrators or Assigns, or the Party by whom such Process, Warrant, Authority or Seizure shall be sued out or made, shall, before the Removal of such Goods or Chattels, pay or cause to be paid to the Collector of Inland Excise and Taxes of the proper District, or other Officer in charge of the Collection of such District, all Arrears of the said Monies which shall be then due, or which shall be payable for the Year ending on the Fifth Day of January next after such Removal, Death, Bankruptcy, Insolvency or Seizure; and in case of Refusal ta pay the said Composition Money then due or to grow due as aforesaid, such Collector or other Officer is hereby respectively authorised and required to issue nis Warrant to take and distrain such Goods and Chattels, and the Distress or Distresses so taken shall and may be sold in such and the like manner in all respects, and under and subject to the like Penalties, as any Goods or Chattels taken or distraim^ under the said recited Act shall or may be sold, until such Collector or other Officer shall have obtained Payment of the said Composition Money, together with the reasonable Costs and Charges attending such Distress and Sale; and every such Collector and other Officer aforesaid, shall be indemnified for so doing by virtue of this Act.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the Monies to arise or become payable by virtue of any Compositiea entered into in Ireland under this Act, shall be paid at the fame times and in the same Proportion, and fm the fame Persons respectively, and in like manner, as the several Rates, Ditties* and Taxes are or shall be payable in Ireland by virtue of the said recited Act; and that all and every the Person and Persons so compounding as aforesaid, and making such Payment as aforesaid, shall be entitled to the like Allowances M ine

A.D. 1819. 59° GEORGII III. C. 118, 119.

given and allowed by the said recited Act to any Person or Persons making Payment of thf fiud Rates, I)uties and Taxes pursuant to the Provisions and Regulations of the said Act; and all the Monies to be rtifed under this Act shall fcfc under die Care and Management of the Commissioners of Inland Excise and 'Taxes in Ireland.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the Officers or other Persons authorised and acting in the Execution of the said Act, in relation to the said Rates, Duties and Taxes in Ireland, shall give or cause to be given to all and every Persons and Person who shall have been or shall be charged with the said Rates, Duties and 'Taxes, or any of them, for the Year ending the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty, or shall leave or cause to be left at their, his or her last or usual Place of Abode in the District wherein the Assessment of such Persons or Person for the said Year hath been or shall be made, a printed Form of Notice, "to be jifed for the purpose of making Application to the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes,

by all Persons defurous of compounding for such Taxes, or any of them, under this Act; and all and every Persons and Person desirous of so compounding, shall distinguish and set forth in such Notice the several Rates, Duties or Articles in respect of which they, he or she are or is desirous to compound, and shall sign the fame with their, his or her Christian Name and Surname or Names, in their, his or her usual manner bf writing the fame, and shall cause such Notice to be delivered into the Office of Excile of the District wherein the said Assessment hath been or shall be made, within One Calendar Month after the Delivery of such Notice By such Officer; and the Collector of Excise or other Officer in charge of the Collection of such District -by whom such Notices shall be received, shall number the fame progressively, and shall make or cause to be made an Entry, in a Book to be kept for that Purpose, of all such Notices; and such Collector or other Officer aforesaid shall transmk all such Notices to the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the several Sums payable under or by virtue of any Composition to be made in Ireland under his Act, shall be raised, levied and accounted for under the Provisions and Regulations of this Act, and of the said recited Act of the last Session of Parliament; and this Act and the said Act shall be construed in such Manner and to the like Effect as if the several Provisions in the said recited Act contained, for raising, levying, paying and accounting for the Rates, Duties and Taxes granted and imposed by the said recited Act, were expressty enacted in this Act, for paying the said several Sums contained in the Compositions under this Act; and all and every the Powers, Authorities, Directions, Clauses, Matters and Things contained in the said recited Act, shall severally and respectively be observed, practised and put in execution throughout Ireland, as fully and effectually to all Intents ana Purposes, for the purposes of this Act, as if the fame Powers, Authorities, Directions, Clauses, Matters and Things, were respectively repeated and re-enacted in this Act, and shall severally be applied, construed, deemed and taken to belong to this Act, so far as the same are compatible and confident with this Act, in like manner as if the fame had been enacted therein, and expressly applied to the Monies to be raised, paid and accounted for under the Compositions authorised by this Act.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland shall cause every Application to compound, which shall be made under this Act, to be carefully and diligently inspected and examined with the Assessments or Assessment made on the Persons or Person so applying, for the Year ending on the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty; and it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, to make and ifFcae fitch Orders, Rules, Regulations and Directions, with respect to the making and paying all and every the Composition under this Act, as the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, shall from time to time think fit to make and appoint; and all such Orders, Rules, Regulations and Directions, shall be observed and obeyed accordingly.

XV. And be it further enacted, That all Notices, Certificates, Receipts, and other Documents or Instruments necessary for carrying this Act into execution in Ireland, shall and may be in such respective Form or Form8 as the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or any Three of them, may from time to time direct and appoint; and it shall not be necessary to prove, on the Trial of any Complaint or Information, or other Proceeding touching any Composition in respect of the said Rates, Duties or Taxes, or any of them, the particular Order, Direction or Appointment of the said Commissioners or any Three of them, for or in respect of any such Form or Forms respectively.

CAP. CXIX.

An Act. to explain and amend an Act passed in the Thirty first Year of His Majesty King George the Second, for the Encouragement of Seamen employed in the Royal Navy, as it relates to certain Allowances to Navy Agents.

[13th July 1819.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed dn the Thirty first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for the Encouragement bf Seamen employed in the Royal Navy; and for cjtablifbirtg a regular Method for the punBual, frequent and certain Payment of their Wages; and for enabling them more eqfily and readdy to remit the fame for tie .Support of their Wives and Families; qnJforjpre-

venting Frauds and Abuses attending such Payments / k was declared that no Person or Persons whatsoever, «who should be employed in receiving of any Wages, Prize Money, or any other Monies due or becoming due for or upon account of the Service of any Officer, Seaman or other Person in the Royal Navy, T should be entitled to take or retain more than Sixpence in the Pound for or upon account of receiving thereof and for paying the fam$ to the Person or Persons by whom they or he should be employed: And + Whereas by a certain other Act, passed in the Thirty fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled

60 2 4 An

1015

Form of Noti^ left at Abode of Persona assessed to Duties, to enable Com-pounderTto apply to Excfae Office of Die. trict.

What is to beset forth by Conv> pounders in such Notice.

Composition Money to be levied as prescribed by this Act and 38 Q. 3. c. 54.

Powers of

58 G. 3. c. 54. extended to this Act.

Applications for compounding to be examined with Assessment for the Year ending Jan. 5, i8ao.

Notices, &c. to be such as Com* naissiopers of Inland Excise and Taxes shall direct.

Not necessary to prove on Trial any particular Order of CommissionenL.

31 G. a. c. 10.

§ 5C*

*5 O.3. c. 9.

ioi6

S3*

31 G. % . c. 10. $ $? applied to full Amount of Pay, &c.

Charge made by Agents for Accounts of Commissioned and Warrant Officers already passed deemed lawful.

In future. Allowance of 6d. in the Pound to be the Charge for Agency.

For passing Captains' Accounts, Agent may charge 3l. per Cent, on Amount; and for Pursers,

3L ijs. pe* Cent.

Proviso for former Acts for Payment of the Navy.

Proviso for Actions commenced before June % j, 1819.

His Majesty may appoint a Registrar of Colonial Slavas to receive

C. 119, 120. 59° GEORGII III. A.D. 1819.

4. An Act for establishing a more easy and expeditious Method for the punSual and frequent Payment of the Wagu and Pay of certain Officers belonging to His Majesty's Navy, and by subsequent Regulations estabulhed under His Royal Highness the Prince Regent's Order in Council, certain Commissioned and Warrant Officers of the Navy are permitted to receive Part of their Pay and Allowances by drawing Bills upon the Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy, and some are allowed to receive the Whole of their Pay in that manner, though it is ' Rill required of them to pass the fame Documents and Accounts annually, or on quitting a Ship: And

Whereas it is expedient to amend the said Act of the Thirty first of His late Majesty George the Second Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, so much of the said recited Act of the Thirty first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second as respects the said Allowance of Sixpence in the Pound for receiving and paying any Wages, Prize Money, or any other Monies as aforesaid, shall be deemed to be and shall be, to all Intents and Purposes, applicable and be applied to the full Amount of the Pay and Allowances receivable by all Commissioned and Warrant Officers of His Majesty's Navy who are by Law allowed to draw Bills upon the Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy, and shall not be deemed to be limited and restricted to Monies actually and bond side passing through the Hands of the said Agents.

II. And Whereas Doubts have been entertained whether under and by virtue of the said recited Act of the Thirty first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, any Compensation may have been due to Navy Agents, in respect of passing the Accounts of Commissioned and Warrant Officers having annual or other Accounts to pass, beyond the Amount of such Allowance of Sixpence in the Pound by the said recited Act authorised to be taken and retained for paying and receiving Pay, Wages, Prize Money, or other Monies as aforesaid 5' Be it therefore further enacted, That on all Accounts p ailed previously to this Act it shall and may be deemed lawful to and for Navy Agents to have made the usual and customary Charges for passing such Accounts; but that from and after the passing of this Act the said Allowance of Sixpence in the Pound for receiving and paying Wages, Pay, Prize Monies, or other Monies as aforesaid, shall be deemed to be a full Compensation for all Trouble whatsoever which Navy Agents may incur or be put unto for and in respect of passing the Accounts of any Commissioned or Warrant Officer (except as herein after is excepted); and such Allowance of Sixpence in the Pound shall be paid and payable to such Navy Agents over and above all Public Fees and Allowances paid by them*

III. And inasmuch as the Accounts of Captains and Pursers, and of Officers acting as Captains and Pursers, are intricate, and occasion much Trouble in the passing thereof; Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act it shall and may be lawful to and for Navy Agents employed in receiving the Pay or other Monies of such Officers respectively, to charge, instead of the said Sum of Sixpence in the Pound hereinbefore allowed to be charged, the Sum of Three Pounds for every Hundred rounds of the Amount of the Pay of all Captains, and Officers acting as Captains, and so in proportion for any fractional Sum less than a Hundred Pounds 5 and the Sum of Three Pounds Fifteen Shillings for every Hundred Pounds of the Amount of the Pay, Allowances and Balance Bills of all Pursers, or Officers acting as Pursers, and so in proportion for any fractional. Sum less than a Hundred Pounds; and fqch Allowance of Three Pounds per Centum, and Three Pounds Fifteen Shillings per Centum respectively, shall be deemed to be a full Compensation for all Trouble whatsoever which Navy Agents may incur or be put unto for and in respect of passing the Accounts of such Captains and Purlers, or Officers acting as such respectively 5 and such respective Allowances shall be paid and payable to such Navy Agents, over and above all Public Fees and Allowances paid by them: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to alter, vary or repeal any Part of the said recited Acts, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament now in force for the better Payment of His Majesty's Navy, as far as the said Acts, any or either of them, relate to inferior Officers and Seamen.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to affect tie Plaintiff or Defendant in any Action, Bill, Plaint or Information which shall have been sued out, commenced or prosecuted before the Twenty first Day of June One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, or any Plea or Defence thereto, but such Plaintiff or Defendant shall and may be entitled in all Courts of Law and Equity to all the Benefit of the said recited Act of the Thirty first Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Second, and of every Clause, Matter and Thing contained, in such and the same manner as if this Act had not been made.

CAP. CXX.

An Act for establishing a Registry of Colonial Slaves in Great Britain, and for making further Provision with respect to the Removal of Slaves from British Colonies.

[12th July 1819.]

WHEREAS Laws have been passed in several of the Colonies and other Foreign Possessions of His Majesty, for enforcing the due Registration therein, of all Persons who are now, or may at any future time be held in Slavery within the same: And Whereas Provision has been made for transmitting to One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, a Copy duly certified of each such Registry: And Whereas it is expedient, both for the better and more effectual Preservation of the said Copies, and for the Convenience of all Persons having any Interest in Persons held in Slavery in the British Colonies, that the Copies of such Registries (houla be deposited and kept in some Public Office in this Country Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords

Spiritual

A.D. 1819. 59° GEORGII III. C. 120.

Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty to nominate and appoint, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, some fit and proper Person as the Registrar of Colonial Slaves, to receive the Copies of all Registries or Returns of Slaves, and of any Abstracts or Indexes referring thereto, which may have been, or which may at any time hereafter be transmitted from any of His Majesty's Foreign Possessions, either in pursuance of any Order of His Majesty in Council, or of any Law or Ordinance duly passed in any of the said Colonies respectively, which said Registrar and his Successors respectively, shall continue to hold the said Office during His Majesty's Pleasure.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners of His Majesty1 s Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or any Three or more of them, shall assign to the Registrar so appointed, such a Salary, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Eight hundred Pounds per Annum, as shall appear to them adequate and proper, and shall fix the Number of such Clerks, Officers or other Persons to assist the said Registrar, as may from time to time be necessary, and shall allow to them also such Salaries as may be proper,

and also reasonable Sums for incidental Charges; all which Salaries and Charges shall be defrayed and paid in the same manner as the Salaries and incidental Charges of the Offices of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State are now defrayed and paid.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them, shall provide a proper and distinct Office for the said Registrar, and shall appoint the several Fees to be taken by the Registrar or his Assistants in the said Office, and shall cause a Schedule of the same to be delivered to the said Registrar at the time of his Appointment, which said Schedule, or a Copy thereof, shall be always kept and hung for Public Information in the Office of the said Registrar 5 provided always, that the Fees so received by the Registrar or his Assistants shall be carried to the Public Account, and the Residue thereof, if any, after paying the Salaries of the Registrar and other Persons employed in his Office, shall be applied under the Direction of the said Commissioners of the Treasury, in aid of the Expeaces of His Majesty's Civil List.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Person who may be at any time appointed Registrar of Colonial Slaves, shall before he enters on the Execution of his said Office, be sworn before the Chief Justice or Orie of the Justices of His Majesty's Courts of King's Bench or Common Pleas, or the Chief Baron, or One of the Barons of His Majesty's Court of Exchequer, in the Words following:

I A.B. do solemnly promise and swear. That I will in all respects faithfully and uprightly perform the Duties of Registrar of Colonial Slaves, to the best of my Judgment and Ability. So help me GOD.'

V. And be it further enacted, That any Registrar of Slaves who may be appointed by virtue of this Act, shall during his Continuance in such Office be incapable of being elected, or of fitting as a Member of the House of Commons.

VI. And be it further enacted, That as soon as the Office of Registrar of Colonial Slaves shall be opened. Copies and Duplicates of the several Registries and Returns of Slaves in the several Colonies, and all Papers connected therewith, which may have been received by any of His Majesty's Secretaries of State, shall be delivered over to the said Registrar, and shall be by nim kept in the said Office; and the said Registrar shall from time to time carry on, continue, correct and enlarge the Copies of the several Registries of Slaves respectively, pursuant to the further Returns of Slaves which may from time to time be received from the several Colonies, and shall form such Indexes and Abstracts, and such convenient Arrangements in' other respect8, as may best promote Regularity in keeping the said Books and facilitate Search therein.

VII. And be it further ena&ea. That every such Registrar, or his Clerks or Assistants, so to be appointed as aforesaid, shall give due Attendance at the said Office every Day in the Week (except Sundays and such Holidays as are kept at the Bank of England), from the Hour of Ten in the Morning to the Hour of Four in the Afternoon, for the Dispatch of all Business belonging to the said Office 5 and that every such Registrar, or his Clerks or Assistants, shall as often as required make Searches concerning any Slave or Slaves that shall be registered or supposed to be registered in any of the said Books, and shall also, if required, give Certificates under the Hand of the said Registrar, as to the Registration or Non Registration of any such Slave or Slaves, with Extracts, when the fame is or are found to be registered, of the Name and Description or Names and Descriptions thereof, and of the Plantation or Plantations, Owner or Owners, to whom the fame is or are described to belong, and of any other Particulars relating thereto which may be stated in the said Registry 5 and that such Registrar shall be entitled to receive for every such Search, Certificate or Extract, such Sums as shall be duly appointed in the Schedule of Fees to be fixed by the said Commissioners of the Treasury as is hereinbefore provided for.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty, it shall not be lawful for any of His Majesty's Subject in this United Kingdom to purchase, or to lend or advance any Money, 'Goods or Effects upon the Security of any Slave or Slaves in any of His Majesty's Colonies or Foreign Possessions, unless such Slave or Slaves shall appear by the Return received therein to have been first duly registered in the said Office of the Registrar of Colonial Slaves; and that every Sale, Mortgage and Conveyance, or Assurance of, and every Charge or other Security upon any Slave or Slaves not so appearing to be registered, which at any time or times after the said First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty, shall be made or executed within this United Kingdom to or in trust for any of His Majesty's Subjects, shall be absolutely null and void in respect of any such unregistered Slave or Slaves, and that for this Purpose no Slave or Slaves shall be deemed and taken to be. duly registered, unless it shall appear that a Return of such Slave or Slaves duly made by the Owner or Owners, or other

Persons

1017

Copies of Returns of Slaves, &c. from Hit) Majesty's So* reign Possessions.

Treasury to assign such Registrar a Salary not exceeding 800l. per Ann* and fix Number of Clerks, &c. and allow them Salaries.

Office to be provided, and a Schedule of Fees prepared.

Application of Fees.

Registrar to take an Oath before he enters upon Office.

Oath

Registrar not eligible to sit in House of Commons.

Copies and Duplicates of Registries received by Secretaries of State delivered over to Registrar.

Attendance daily from Ten to Four (except Sundays and Holidays).

Searches to be made and Certificates given by Registrar.

Fee for Search*

After Jan. r, 1810, no Pui» chase or Money lent on Security of Slaves, unless registered.

Sale or Mortgage otherwise made, shall be void, &c.

What taken to be duly registering.

ioi8

No Deed executed for the Conveyance of Slaves valid, unless registered Name, &c. of Slave set forth.

Misnomers not to invalidate Deed.

Proviso for Securities executed before passing of Act, and certain other Deeds herein mentioned.

In whate Case*Issue of Slaves named in any Deed token to be conveyed thereby.

46 G. 3. 0.5a.

§13-

When Slaves sent from one 'Colony to another, Owner to produce at Port of Shipping a certified Copy of Register of Names, &c. to be indorsed and annexed to Clearance, and produced to Officer at Port of Arrival, who is to see if the Slaves agree with the Description therein.

Slaves sent without such Certificate forfeited, together with Ship, &c. agreeably to 47 G. 3. c. 36.

C. 120, 55^ GEORGII III. A.D. 1819.

Persons in his or their behalf, in the manner and Form required by Law, in the Colony in which such Slave or Slaves may reside, or a Copy or Abstra& of such Return, shall have been received in the Office of the said Registrar, from the Colony in which such Slave or Slaves shall reside, within the Four Years next preceding the Date of such Sale, Mortgage, Conveyance or Assurance, Charge or Security as aforesaid.

IX. And it is hereby further enacted, That from and after the said First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty, no Deed or Instrument made or executed within this United Kingdom, whereby any Slave or Slaves in any of the said Colonies shall be intended to be mortgaged, fold, charged or in airy manner transferred or conveyed, or any Estate or Interest therein created or raised, shall be good or valid in Law, to pass or convey, charge or affect any such Slave or Slaves, unless the registered Name and Description or Names and Descriptions of such Slave or Slaves shall be duly set forth in such Deed or Instrument, or in some Schedule thereupon indorsed or thereto annexed, according to the then latest Registration or correQcd Registration of such Slave or Slaves in the said Office of the Registrar of Slaves: Provided always, that no Deed or Instrument shall be avoided or impeached, by reason of a Clerical Error in setting forth the Names and Descriptions of any Slave or Slaves therein, or in any Schedule thereto contained, nor shall the fame be avoided or impeached by reason of any Disagreement between the Names and Descriptions, and the Entries thereof in the Books of Registry > or Duplicate Registry, which shall have arisen from any Error or Default of the Registrar, his Assistants or Clerks, in extracting and certifying the said Names and Descriptions, without the fraudulent Contrivance or wilful Default of the Parties to such Deed or Instrument: Provided also, that nothing herein contained shall extend to or be construed to hinder or prevent the Transfer or Assignment of any Security, Mortgage or Charge of or upon Slaves granted, made, created or executed antecedently to the passing of this Act, nor to avoid any Deed or Instrument whereby such Security, Mortgage or Charge shall be hereafter transferred, nor to avoid, hinder or impeach any Will, Codicil or other Testamentary Paper, or any Probate or Letters of Administration, or any Bill of Sale, Assignment, Conveyance or Instrument made by or under the Authority of any^Commission of Bankrupt, or any Public Officer appointed to assign or convey any Insolvent's Estate and Effects, or by or under the Authority of any Court of Justice* or any Officer thereof, or in the Execution of any legal Process, by reason that the registered Names and Descriptions of any Slaves are not set forth in such Deed, Will, Codicil, Testamentary Paper, Probate, Letters of Administration, Bill of Sale, Assignment, Conveyance or Instrument.

X. And be it further enacted, That the Issue of any Slave or Slaves named or described in any Deed or Instrument executed in the United Kingdom, or any Schedule thereto, born after the Return required by Law, in the Colony in which such Slave or Slaves may be resident, who shall afterwards be duly registered in the next Return required by Law in the said Colony, shall be deemed and considered to pals, and be conveyed and affected as registered Slaves by such Deed or Instrument, as effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Issue were therein named and described, any thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XI. And Whereas by an Act passed in the Forty sixth Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to prevent the Importation of Slaves^ by any of His Majesty's Subjects, into any Islands, Colonies, Plantations or Territories belonging to any Foreign Sovereign, State or Power; and also to render more cjfeBual a certain order9 4 made by His Majesty in Council on the Fifteenth Day of August One thousand eight hundred and five9 for prohibiting the Importation of Slaves (in certain Cases) into any of the Settlements, Colonies or Plantations on the Continent of America or in the West Indies, which have been surrendered to His Majesty's Arms during the present War; and to prevent the fitting out of Foreign Slave Ships from British Ports; certain Regulations were made with respect to the Removal of Slaves from one British Colony to another: And Whereas it is expedient further to regulate the fame; r Be it therefore further enacted, That wherever any Slave or Slaves shall be sent from any Colony now or hereafter under the Dominion of His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, with intent that such Slave or Slaves shall be removed to and remain in some other Colony under the Dominion of His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, the Owner or Owners, or other Person or Persons fending any such Slave or Slaves, shall produce to the Collector or other Principal Officer of His Majesty8 Customs at the Port at which any such Slave or Slaves shall be shipped or embarked, a Copy duly certified by the Registrar of the said Colony, of the Name and Description, or Names and Descriptions, by which such Slave or Slaves has or have been registered, and of all other Particulars relating thereto stated in the said Registry; which Copy so certified shall be by such Collector or other Principal Officer indorsed with his own Name and Hand Writing, and shall be annexed to the Clearance or Permit to be given for the Shipment and Exportation of such Slave or Slaves, and shall on the Arrival of such Ship or Vessel in which such Slave or Slaves shall be sent, at the Port in any other British Colony to which the same shall be destined, be produced also to the Collector or Principal Officer of the Customs at such last mentioned Port, who shall examine the fame, and shall also ascertain by personal Inspection whether the Slave or Slaves brought by such Ship or Vessel agree in Description with the Slave or Slaves mentioned in such Certificate or Clearance, and if not, shall refuse to admit the lame to an Entry, but in case of such Agreement, shall indorse such Certificate with his Name and Hand Writing, and the said Certificate so indorsed shall be forthwith delivered by the Collector to the Registrar of Slaves in such last mentioned Colony.

XII. And be it and it is hereby further enacted, That if any Slave or Slaves shall be exported, sent, carried or conveyed from any Colony under the Dominion of His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, without such certified Copy from the Registrar of the Colony from which the same shall be so exported, sent, carried or conveyed, such Slave or Slaves, with the Ship or Vessel in which the same shall be so exported, sent, carried or conveyed, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized as forfeited, and profeented, condemned and dealt with in all respects as if such Slave or Slaves had been brought from or destined to any Foreign Colony or

P lace

A.D. 1819. 59° GEORGII III. C. 120, 121* 1019

Place contrary to the Act passed in the Forty seventh Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for the Abolition of the Slave Trade: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall prevent or be construed to Proviso for prevent the Embarkation or Passage from One British Colony to another, or to any other Colony or Place, in Embarkation such manner as is now permitted by Law, of any domestic Slave or Slaves in actual Attendance on the Person domestic of his, her or their Master or Mistress, or any Part of the Family of such Matter or Mistress, being a Passenger n°W

or Passengers in the fame Ship or Vessel, or of any Slave or Slaves employed as a Mariner or Mariners on board of any such Ship or Vessel; but in addition to all Clearances and Certificates now required by Law, it shall After Jan. 1, be necessary, in all such Cases after the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty, for the l8lc> Owners Matter or Owner of any such domestic Slave or Slaves, or Mariner or Mariners, to obtain from the Registry of su^°m^Tto the Colony to which the lame shall belong, an Extract certified by the Registrar thereof, shewing that such 0btri^Extract» domestic Slave or Slaves, or that such Slave or Slaves employed as a Mariner or Mariners, has or have been certified by duly entered in the Slave Registry of the said Colony, by their Name and Defaription or Names and De- Registrar of scription8 therein specified; which Extract and Certificate shall be always on board the Ship or Vessel in which R€gistlT be any such Domestic or Mariner is carried or employed; and unless such Extract and Certificate of Registration shall be found on board, any such Slave or Slaves so carried or employed after the time aforesaid, shall be to 0*5^. forfeited, and shall and may be seized as forfeited, and prosecuted, condemned and dealt with as aforesaid: Penalty. Provided always, that if any domestic Slave or Slaves in actual Attendance upon the Person of his, her.or their Matter or Mistrefa, or any Part of the Family of such Matter or Mistress, shall be brought into or mestic Slave landed in any British Colony, the Extract and Certificate of his, her or their Registration in the Colony from landed, Certifi* which he, she or they may have come, shall be forthwith produced to the Collector or Principal Officer of the <*te of Registry. Customs, and a Copy thereof shall be by him delivered to the Registrar of Slaves in the Colony into which " 1C°h»y from*he, she or they may be brought; and if the said domestic Slave or Slaves shall be again removed from the Co-^oerr^t lony into which they may have been so brought previous to the next Period for making Returns of Slaves to officer, &c. therein, the Collector shall, previous to the Embarkation of such domestic Slave or Slaves, return to the Party requiring it the original Extract and Certificate of Registration delivered into his Office, to be kept on board the Ship or Vessel in which such domestic Slave or Slaves may be carried.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, amended or repealed by any Act or Acts Act altered, &c. to be passed in this present Session of Parliament. this Session.

CAP. CXXI.

An Act to make further Regulations for the Prevention of Smuggling.

[12th July 1819.]

WHEREAS by the Laws now in force certain Vessels and Boats, belonging in the whole or in part to

His Majesty's Subjects, or whereof One Half of the Persons on board are Subjects of His Majesty,

4 if found or discovered to have been within certain Distances of the Coasts of Great Britain and Ireland, having

on board Foreign Spirits, Tea, Tobacco or Snuff, are liable to Forfeiture, and every Person on board, being 4 a Subject of His Majesty, is liable to be arrested and taken before a Justice of the Peace, and not proving to be a Passenger, to be fined or impressed Into His Majesty's Naval Service: And Whereas the Intention of those Laws are defeated by Foreign Vessels and Boats having on board His Majesty*8 Subjects, although not

amounting to Half, and also by some of such Subjects pretending to be Passengers Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if any Smug-,

Foreign Smuggling Vessel or Boat, in which there shall be One or more Subjects of His Majesty, whether gling Vowel* Mariners or Persons pretending to be-Passengers, shall be found or discovered to have been within Four in which theo* Leagues of that Part of the Coast of Great Britain which is between the North Foreland on the Coast of Kent, shall b 9* and Beachy Head on the Coast of Suffix, or within Eight Leagues of any other Part of the Coast of Great Britain

or Ireland, having on board any Foreign Brandy, Rum, Geneva or other Spirits, in any Calk or Package of less Size or Content than Sixty Gallons fexcept only for the Use of the Seamen belonging to and on board such certain Leagues Vessel or Boat, not exceeding two Gallons for each Seaman) 5 or any Tea exceeding Six Pounds in the of the Coast, whole; or any Tobacco or Snuff, in any Calk or Package whatever containing less than Four hundred and having onboard fifty Pounds Weight, except loose Tobacco for the Use of the Seamen on board such Vessel or Boat, not of las Content* exceeding Five Pounds Weight of Tobacco for each Seaman, and except such Tea or manufactured Tobacco^or Snuff as shall have been duly shipped for Exportation as Merchandise on board such Vessel or Boat from ions (Excep-some Port or Place in Ireland; such Vessel or Boat, together with all the Goods laden therein, shall be for- tion); or Tea, feited, and shall and may be seized, prosecuted and dealt with as by the Laws now in force for the Prevention orjobacco, ex-of Smuggling; and every such Subject of His Majesty, who shall be found on board such Vessel or Boat, shall be liable to all the Pains and Penalties, and shall apd may be detained, prosecuted, convicted or delivered Over f0rfeite^ith'to His Majesty's Navy, in like manner as Persons being Subjects of His Majesty, and found on board Vessels Cargo; and or Boats liable to Forfeiture, belonging wholly or in part to His Majesty's Subjects, or whereof One Half of such Subjects the Persons on board are Subjects of His Majesty, may, by any Law or Laws now in force, be detained, liable.to prosecuted, convicted or delivered over to His Majesty's Navy; and the Officer or Officers detaining such 8ecuUon* Person shall be allowed the like Reward, and Part or Share of any Penalty that may be recovered from any f«ch Person, as is now by Law allowed and paid for the Detention of Persons in fiimlar Cases.

H. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That such Distance of Eight Leagues in this Act men- How the

v^»

1020 C.I2l.

*9° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1819.

J7 C. 3. c. 87.

5

Persons arrested under this or former Acts, and found not fit for the Navy, Penalty iool.

If not paid, imprisoned.

86.1.C. t8.

46.

Persons found or having been on board of Vessels liable to Forfeiture, wearing Disguise shall, on Conviction, be transported.

47 G.3. Sess. 2. c. 66. §34.

In what Case a Reward not exceeding 25l. to Informers against Persons convicted of making Signals for Smuggling Vess

from Beachy Head, although any Part of such Limits so extended may exceed the Distance of Four Leagues before mentioned from any Part of the Coast of Great Britain to the Eastward of Beachy Head aforesaid.

III. And Whereas by an Act passed in the Fifty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

intituled An Act to amend Two A3s passed in the Fortyfifth Year of His present Majesty and in the last Session of Parliament, for the making more effectual Provision for the Prevention of Smugglings it 13 amongst other things enacted, that in all Cases where any Person liable to be arrested under any of the Acts made for the Prevention of Smuggling shall be fit and able to serve His Majesty in His Naval Service, and liable under the said Acts or any of them to be impressed into such Service, every such Person so arrested shall be taken

before such Justice or Justices as aforesaid, and shall upon such Proof as by the said Act of the Forty fifth Year aforesaid or any other Act is required, be committed by such Justice or Justices to Prison, to aiifwer such Information and abide such Judgment as may be thereon given against him in that behalf; and that it shall and may be lawful for the Gaoler or Keeper of any Prison or House of Correction in which such Person shall be so imprisoned, or for any Officer of Customs or Excise, on the Order of the Commissioners of Customs or Excise respectively directing the Prosecution, to such Gaoler or Keeper and Officer respectively, to carry and convey or cause to be carried or conveyed any such Person on board of any of His Majesty* 4 Ships of War, in order to his being impressed into His Majesty's Naval Service: And Whereas it has been

in many Instances found that Persons so carried and conveyed on board a Ship of War have, on their Examination by the proper Naval Officer, been deemed unfit for His Majesty's Naval Service Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, when any Person so committed as aforesaid and taken on board a Ship, of War shall be found not fit or able to serve His Majesty in His Naval Service, and shall be refused by any proper Naval Officer to be received into such Naval Service, every such Person shall forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds 5 and the Gaoler, Keeper or other Officer who so carried and conveyed the said Person on board the said Ship of War, shall reconvey the said Person before the said Justice or Justices of the Peace who had previously, on Proof as required by Law, committed the said Person to Prison, and the said Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorised and required, to convict the said Person in the said Penalty of One hundred Pounds; and every such Person so convicted as aforesaid shall immediately on such Conviction pay down into the Hands of the said Officer who detained the said Person, or into the Hands of the Justice or Justices, to be applied according to Law, the said Penalty in which he shall be so convicted; and if any such Person so convicted shall not forthwith pay down the said Penalty, the said Justice or Justices shall and he and they is and are hereby respectively authorised and required, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, to commit the Person so convicted as aforesaid to any Gaol or Prison or House of Correction, until such Penalty shall be paid.

IV. And Whereas by an Act passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the First, intituled An Act to prevent the clandestine removing of Goods, and the Danger of InfcQion thereby; and to prevent Ships breaking their Quarantine; and to subjc3 Copper Ore oj the Production of the British Plantations to such Regulations as other enumerated Commodities of the like Production are subject, certain Provisions are made against Persons found passing with Foreign Goods, landed without Payment of Duties, in their Custody, from any of the Coasts of this Kingdom, or within the Space of Twenty Miles of any of the said Coast*, wearing any Vizard, Mask or other Disguise: And Whereas it is expedient to extend the like Provisions with respect to any Person or Persons so disguised and found or discovered on board certain Vessels found within the British or Irish Channels, or elsewhere within certain Distances of the Coast of this Kingdom Be it therefore enacted, That if any Person or Persons, being His Majesty's Subject or Subjects, mall be found or taken on board, or discovered to have been on board any Ship, Vessel or Boat liable to Forfeiture under any of the Provisions of any Act or Acts of Parliament, for being found or having been at anchor or hovering within any such Distances of any of the Dominions of His Majesty, with such Goods on board as subject such Ship, Vessel or Boat, or Goods, to Forfeiture, ' wearing any Vizard, Mask or other Disguise, such Person or Persons shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall on Conviction for such his, her or their Offence, be transported as a Felon for the Space of Seven Years; and if any such Offender shall return into Great Britain or Ireland before the Expiration of the said Seven Years, he, she or they so returning shall suffer as a Felon, and have Execution awarded against him, her or them, as Persons attainted of Felony without Benefit of Clergy.

4 V. And Whereas by an Act passed in the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to make more effectual Provision for the Prevention of Smuggling, it is enacted, that any Person or Persons making, or aiding or assisting in the making, or being present for the purpose of aiding or assisting in the making any Light, Fire, Flaih or Blaze, or Signal, in or on board any Vessel or Boat, or on or from any Part of the Coast or Shores of Great Britain, dr within Six Miles of such Coast or Shores, for the purpose of making or giving any Signal to any Person or Persons on board any Smuggling Vessel or Boat, and being duly convicted thereof, shall by Order of the Court before whom such Person or Persons shall be convicted, either forfeit and pay the Penalty of One hundred Pounds, or at the Discretion of such Court be sentenced to or committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, there to be kept to hard Labour for any Term not exceeding One Year: And Whereas it is expedient to encourage the Apprehension of such Offenders; 9 Be it enacted, That in every such Case where any Offender or Offenders shall be so convicted of such Offence as aforesaid, and shall, in lieu of paying any such Penalty, be sentenced to or committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of the Customs and Excise respectively to order and direct any Sum not exceeding Twenty five Pounds to be paid out of any Monies in the Hands of the Receiver General of the Customs and Excise respectively, to any Person or Persons who shall have informed against, discovered or prosecuted any such Offender as aforesaid.

A.D. 1819. 59° GEORGII III. C. 121.

VI. And Whereas by an Act passed in the Fifty seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to reduce the Allowance of Spirits, Tea and Tobacco, for the Use of Seamen on board certain Ships or Vessels makingjfbort Voyages, certain Provisions and Forfeitures are made respecting Ships or Vessels (not

being square rigged) coming from any Place between the Port of Brejl on tha Coast; of France, and certain other Places therein mentioned, which shall arrive in any of the Ports of that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain, or be found at anchor or hovering within the Limits or Distances therein mentioned, having on board Spirituous Liquors, Tea or Tobacco, exceeding certain Allowances therein mentioned, but no Regulation is made respecting Ships or Vessels which may come from the said Port of Brejl on the Coast of France; Be it therefore enacted, That all the Provisions and Forfeitures of the said recited Act shall extend to all Ships or Vessels (not being fqUare rigged) coming from the said Port of Brejl, which shall arrive in any of the Ports of that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain, or be found at anchor or hovering within the Limits or Distances therein mentioned, having on board for the Use of the Seamen then belonging to and on board such Ship or Vessel, any Brandy or other Spirituous Liquors exceeding One Gallon for each Seaman, or having on bdard any Tea exceeding Four Pounds Weight in the Whole, or having on board any Tobacco (excepting loose Tobacco, not exceeding Two Pounds Weight for each Seaman), as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the said Act, and all the Clauses, Provisions, Powers, Authorities, Forfeitures, Matters and Things relating thereto, were particularly and expressly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this present Act.

VII. And Whereas the Charges of prosecuting and condemning Cart9 and other Carriages, and Horses and other Cattle, seized for Offences against the Laws for Protection of the Revenue of Customs or Excise,

in certain Instancea exceed the Produce arising from the Sale of such Seizures; and it is expedient, in Cases where Goods also shall or may be seized therewith, that the Excess of such Charges should be defrayed out

of the Produce arising from the Sale of the Goods on account of which such Carts and other Carriages,

and Horses and other Cattle, have been so seized Be it therefore enacted, That in all Cases wherein the Charges of prosecuting and condemning Carts and other Carriages, and Horses and other Cattle, seized for Offences against the Laws for Protection of the Revenue of Customs or Excise, shall exceed the Produce arising from the Sale thereof, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs in England, or any Four or more of them, and also for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs in Scotland, or any Three or more of them respectively, if they shall think proper, to order such Part of the Expences arising either from the Seizure, Custody, Removal, Detention, Prosecution or Condemnation of any such Cart or other Carriage, Horse or other Cattle, as shall exceed the Produce arising from the Sale of such Seizure, to be defrayed out of the Produce arising from the Sale of the Goods on account of which they shall have been so seized: Provided always nevertheless, that this Act shall not extend to any Case wherein the Officers of the Customs shall, by any Law now in force or hereafter to be made, be entitled to a gross Share of the Goods seized by him.

VIII. And Whereas a Practice has prevailed of building Boats with double Bottoms or double Sides,

whereby customable or prohibited Goods may be concealed and run into this Country; and in order to prevent such illicit Practices being carried into execution, it is expedient that such Boats, if found within certain Distances, should be forfeited* Be it therefore enacted, That if any Boat whatever, having* a double Bottom or double Side or Sides, shall be found within the Limits of any of the Ports of this Kingdom, or shall be discovered to have been within the said Limits; or if any Boat, having a double Bottom or double Side or Sides, belonging wholly or in part to His Majesty's Subjects, or whereof One Half of the Persons on board shall be Subjects of His Majesty, shall be found in any Part of the British or Irish Channels, or elsewhere on the High Seas, within One hundred Leagues of any Part of the Coasts of Great Britain or Ireland, or shall be discovered to have been within the said Limits; every such Boat, together with all her Materials, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of His Majesty's Navy or Marines, or of the Customs or Excise.

IX. And Whereas in Ships from Foreign Parts Goods have been found concealed in false Bulk Heads, between the Linings, and false Knees, or m concealed Lockers, or in the Ballast or false Package, and other '*Places, which the Officers of the Customs cannot easily find out or discover, in order to their Being landed without Payment of Duties, and such Goods are not by any Law liable to Forfeiture if discovered previous to the Master making his Report at the Custom House For Remedy whereof be it enacted, That all Goods which shall be found concealed as aforesaid, or concealed in any other Place on board any Ship or Vessel at any time, either before or after the Master thereof shall have made his Report at the Custom House, shall be forfeited and lost, and shall and may be seized and prosecuted by any Officer or Officers of the Customs.

X. And be it further enacted, That if any Ship or Vessel (not being square rigged), or any Boat, shall arrive in any of the Port 6-of that Part of the Upited Kingdom called Great Britain, or shall be found at anchor or hovering within the Limits of any of the Ports thereof, or within Four Leagues of that Part of the Coast thereof which is between the North Foreland on the Coast of Kent, and Beachy Head on the Coast of Sussex, or within Eight Leagues of any other Part of the Coast of that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain, or shall have been discovered to have been within the said Limits or Distances, and not proceeding on her Voyage, Wind and Weather permitting, unless in case of nnavoidable Necessity and Distress of Weather, of which Necessity and Distress the Matter or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship, Vessel or Boat, shall give Notice and make proof before the Collector or other Chief Officer of the Customs of any Port within the Limits of which such Ship, Vessel or Boat shall be found, immediately after the Arrival of such Ship, Vessel or Boat within the Limits of such Port, having on board any Goods liable to the Payment of Customs or other Duties, or any Goods prohibited to be imported into this Kingdom, concealed between Guo. III. 6 P frlfc

1021

S7 0.3. «-33*

Provisions, &c. of recited Act extended to (Exception) Vessels coming from Brest having on board Spirits, &c. exceeding a certain Quantity.

Where Charges of Prosecution in Seizures of Carriages and Horses exceed Produce of Sale thereof, Excess may be paid out of Sale of Goods.

Proviso for Officers entitled to gross Share of Goods seized.

Boats with double Bottoms or double Sides found within certain Distances, forfeited.

Goods found concealed on board any Vessel, either before or after the Master makes his Report, forfeited.

Vessels found within certain Limits, having Goods concealed liable to Duty or pro! hibited, such Goods and Vessels forfeited. Proviso for Stress of Weather, &c.

102 % C.I2l.

59° GEORGII HL

A.D. 1819.

Cottunisaioner* of Customs io England may grant their deputation to Persons in the British Colonies in America and die West Indies, authorising them to railfje Seizures when Goods and Vessels are liable to Seizures.

Such Seizures to be prosecuted as if made by Officers of the Customs.

56 G. 3. c. 104.

Owners of square rigged Vessels, Value i, oocl. and upwards requiring a Licence, to give Security in 3, ooooL 560.3. C.J04. §10.

Where it appears that Officer has acted dollusively, &c. in making Seizures, &c. Treasury may direct his Share to be forfeited.

8 O.i. c.i8#

S3-

false Bulk Heads, real or false Linings, or in any Concealment in the Construction and Fitment of the Vessel, obvioully for the purpose of Concealment, in any Part of such Ship, Vessel or Boat, or in or amongst any Package of other Goods on board such Ship, Vessel or Boat, then not only the said Goods so concealed shall be forfeited, but also the Ship or Vessel (not being square rigged^ or Boat, on board which they shall be found as aforesaid, with all her Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle and Apparel, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of His Majesty's Army, Navy or Marines, or of the Customs or Excise.

XI. And Whereas it is expedient, for the more effectual Execution of the Laws now in force, or

hereafter to be made, for the Benefit of Shipping and Navigation, and of His Majestjr's Revenue of

Customs, and for the Suppression of Smuggling in the Colonies or Plantations in America or the West Indies, which now are or nereafter may be under the Dominion of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors,

that the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs in that Part of the United Kingdom called England, should be empowered to grant their Deputations to any Person or Persons they may think fit, in the said Colonies or Plantations (although such Person or Persons may not hold or be appointed to any specific Office under the said Revenues), autnorifing him or them to make Seizures of any Ship, Vessel, Boat, Carriage, Horse8, or other Cattle or Goods which may be subject to Forfeiture under any Law or Laws relating to the Shipping and/ Navigation of this Kingdom, or the said Colonies or Plantations, or to the Revenue o? 4 Customs, now m force, or hereafter to be made, in like manner as if such Person or Persons held or had been appointed to a specific Office or Offices under the said Revenue Be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs in that Part of the United Kingdom called England, or any Three or more of them, to grant their Deputation to any Person or Persons they may think fit, in the Colonies or Plantations in America or the West Indies, which now sure or hereafter may be under the Dominion of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors (although such Person or Persons may not hold or be appointed to any specific Office or Offices under the said Revenue), authorising him or them to make Seizures of any Ship, Vessel, Boat, Carriage, Horses or other Cattle or Goods which may be subject to Forfeiture under any Law or Laws relating to the Shipping and Navigation of this Kingdom, or the said Colonies or Plantations, or to the Revenue of Customs, now in force or hereafter to be made (although such Person or Persons shall not hold or be appointed to any Office or Offices of the Customs at any specific Port or Place), and such Person or Persons so deputed shall and may make Seizures in like manner as any Officer or Officers of the Customs, and such Person or Persons so deputed shall be subject to the like Penalties as Officers of the Customs; and all Seizures made by such Persons so deputed, shall be sued for, prosecuted and recovered by the like Means, Ways and Methods, and shall and may be disposed of, and the Proceeds distributed in like manner, as any Seizure made by Officers of the Customs in His Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in America or the West Indies, may by any Law now in force or hereafter to be made be sued for, prosecuted, recovered and applied.

XII. And Whereas by an Act passed in the Fifty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for the making more effectual Provision for the Prevention of Smuggling, and rewarding Officers and Persons making Seizures and capturing Smuggling Vessels; for licensing Luggers employed in the North Sea 4 FiJ very, and obliging Exporters of Exciseaole Goods on Drawback to give Notice of Shipment; it is enacted, that Security shall be given by the Owner or Owners of every Ship, Vessel or Boat for which a Licence shall be required, in Treble the Value thereof, instead of Double the Value, such Security to be given under the fame Conditions, Rules, Regulations, Restrictions and Forfeitures, as provided and enacted by the Laws in force on and immediately before the passing of the said Act, as far as the same are applicable thereto: And Whereas it is expedient to make Alteration as to the Amount of Security to be given for Ships or Vessels which shall be square rigged, and the Value of which shall amount to One thousand Pounds and upwards; Be it therefore enacted, That in respect of every Ship or Vessel (being square rigged) and of the Value of One thousand Pounds and upwards, for which a Licence shall be required, the Owner or Owners shall give Security in the Sum of Three thousand Pounds, and not in any greater Sum; any thing in the said recited Act or any other Act to the contrary notwithstanding, but tubjed nevertheless to the fame Conditions, Rules, Regulations, Restrictions and Forfeitures, as are provided and required by the Laws now in force, as far as the lame are applicable thereto.

XIII. And Whereas by virtue of the said recited Act of the Fifty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, certain Proportions of the Value of Goods and Merchandise seized as forfeited under any Law or Laws for the Protection of the Revenue are directed to be paid to the Officer or Officers as a Reward for Seizing the fame: And Whereas it is expedient to vest in the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, the Power of withholding such Reward, upon Proof to their Satisfaction that such Officer or Officers shall have acted collusively or negligently iq any such Seizure; Be it therefore enacted, That upon Proof being made to the Satisfaction of the Said Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, that' any such Officer or Officers shall have acted collusively or negligently, either in the making such Seizure, or in the Omission or Failure to make such Seizure, it shall be lawful for them to direct that the whole or any part of the Officer or Officers Proportion of such Seizure shall be forfeited, and go and be applied in the same manner as His Majesty's Share of Seizures is by Law directed to be applied.

XIV. And Whereas by an Act passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the First, intituled An Act to prevent the clandestine Running of Goods, and the Danger of Infect ion thereby; and to prevent Ships breaking their Quarantine; and to subject Copper Ore of the Production of British Plantations to such Regulations as other enumerated Commodities of the like Production areJutyed; all Boats,

15 4 Wherries,

A; D. 1819* 59° GEORGII III. C. 121, 122. 1023

Wherries, Pinnaces, Barges and Gallies, rowing or made or built to row, with more than Four Oars,

found within certain Counties and Ports therein particularly mentioned, are forfeited, and the Owner or Owners, or Persons using the fame, are liable, to the Penalty of Forty Pounde 5 which Penalty, by a subsequent Act, passed in the Fifty seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, is increased to One hundred Pounds: And Whereas it is found expedient to extend the Provisions of the said Acts to other

Places than those rffentioned in the said first recited Act Be it therefore enacted, That if any Boat, Boats with more Wherry, Pinnace, Barge or Galley, however owned, rowing or made or built to row, with more than Four ^ian Four Oars, Oars, shall be found either upon the Land or the Water, within the Limits of any of the Ports of that ce^nlAmits. Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain, or the Members or Creeks to them or either of them forfeited.^respectively belonging, such Boat, Wherry, Pinnace, Barge or Galley, with all her Tackle and Furniture, or the Value thereof, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs 5 and the Owner or Owners, and every Person uling or rowing in such Boat, Wherry, Pinnace, Using them, Barge or Galley, shall also forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds: Provided always, that this Penalty 100L Act shall not extend or be conllrued to extend to any Boat, Wherry, Pinnace, Barge or Galley belonging Proviso for to His Majesty or any of the Royal Family, or to any Boat, Wherry, Pinnace, Barge or Galley belonging oat8> of to and used in the Service of any Merchant Ship or Vessel, or belonging to any Ship or Vessel in the Service of His Majesty's Navy, Victualling, Ordnance, Customs, Excise or Pod Office, nor to any Boat, certain other Wherry, Pinnace, Barge or Galley whatsoever, the Owner of which shall have a Licence from the Com- Boats, &c. missioner8 of His Majesty's Customs in England or Scotland respectively, or any Three or more of them for the time being.

XV. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures created and incurred by this Act Recovery and

inot otherwise hereby directed), shall and maybe sued for, prosecuted, recovered and disposed of in such Applicationbf lanner, and by such Ways, Means and Methods, as any Penalties incurred, or any Goods or Vessels forfeited, Bensttw. for any Offence against the Laws of Customs or Excise, may now legally be sued for, prosecuted, recovered and disposed of; and the Officer or Officers concerned in Seizures or Prosecutions under this Act, shall be entitled to and receive such Share of the Produce arising from the Seizures as they are now by Law entitled to upon Prosecutions of Seizures for unlawful Importation, and to such Share of the Produce arising from any pecuniary Fine or Penalty or Composition paid for any Offence against this Act, as they are now by any Law or Regulation entitled to upon Prosecutions for pecuniary Penalties.

Cap. cxxii.

An Act to permit Vessels under a certain Tonnage to trade between the United Kingdom and New South Wales. [lath July 1819.]

d of the feud Territories, and the better A Immigration of Justice within the same; and for regulating the Trade to and from the Places within the Limits of the feud Company*s Charter; it was among other things declared §

and enacted, that no Ship or Vessel, the registered Measurement whereof shall be less than Three hundred and fifty Tons, other than such Ships or Vessels as may be employed by the East India Company as

Packets, shall clear out from any Port in the United Kingdom for any Port or Place within the Limits of the said Company's Charter, or be admitted to Entry at any Port of the United Kingdom from any Place within the said Limits: And Whereas it is expedient that the said Regulation and Keftridlibn shall be repealed, so far as relates to Ships or Vessels trading between the United Kingdom and His Majesty's

Colony in New South Wales; 9 Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and Vessels of sett with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Par- registered Mta* liament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act it surement fhstt shall and may be lawful for any Ship or Vessel owned and navigated according to Law, to trade between ^2e betwem any Port or Place in the United Kingdom and the said Colony and its Dependencies, and to fail and pass to this Kingdom the Eastward of the Cape of Good Hopey although such Ship or Vessel shall be of less registered Measure- and NewSouth ment than Three hundred and fifty Tons 5 any thing in any Law, Statute or Custom to the contrary in any- Wales, &c. wise notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted and declared, That this Act, or any thing herein contained, shall Vessels sailing in no ways authorise or entitle any Ship or Vessel to fail, pass or repafis between the Sixty fourth and One to Northward of hundred and fiftieth Degrees of East Longitude from London further to the Northward than the Eleventh*Itb Deg^ee Degree of South Latitude; and all Ships and Vessels whatsoever, failing, passing or repassing to the North- tiuk b^een" ward of the Eleventh Degree of South Latitude between the Sixty fourth and One hundred and fiftieth o, e 64th^Degrees of East Longitude from London, shall be and remain subject to the fame Laws, Provisions and Restric- 150th Degree lions as they would have been subject to if this Act had not been made or passed 5 any thing hereinbefore con- of East Lon-tained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding. f^ndonuTra-

6 P t

CAT.

1024 C. 123

59° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1819.

When Goods omitted or Re* ports incorrect, Commissioners of Customs may permit Shipmasters to amend them, on Proof that no Fraud was intended.

False Amendment, Penalty.

Collectors and Comptrollers may permit Shipmasters to amend their Reports at Out-ports, on like Proof.

False Amendment, Penalty.

No Amendment of Report allowed after actual Seizure of Goods, or Commencement of Prosecution herein mentioned.

16 G. 3. c. 40.

5 20,

No warehoused or prohibited Goods to be put on board for Exportation, unless by Persons licensed by Commissioners (except Officers of Revenue),

CAP. CXXIII.

An Act to empower the Officers of the Customs in Great Britain to allow Reports of Vessels' Cargoes to be amended; to require Goods which have been warehoused without Payment of Duties, or being prohibited, warehoused for Exportation, to be put on board Vessels by Persons licensed for that Purpose; to direct that Cocquet and Bond shall be required for Slate and Stone carried Coastwise; and to empower Officers of the Customs to administer Oaths.

[12th July 1819.]

WHEREAS by the Laws now in force all Goods found on board any Ship or Vessel of which no 4 W Report hath been made by the Master, are forfeited; and the Mailers of Ships or Vessels are liable to certain Penalties for making false Reports of the Cargoes of their Ships or Vessels: And Whereas it is expedient that the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs, in England and Scotland respectively, should be empowered in Cases where the Masters of Ships or Vessels shall not have made correct Reports of their Cargoes, to permit the same to be amended Be it therefore enacted by The Kind's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That in all Cases where any Goods shall have been omitted in such Reports, or shall have been wrongly described, or the Reports shall be incorrect in any other respect, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs, or any Four or more of them, in that Part of the United Kingdom called England, or for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs, or any Three or more of them, in that Part of the United Kingdom called Scotland, on Proof by the Oath of the Master or Commander, and Mate or Purser of the Ship or Vessel, and by the Production and Inspection of the original Log Book and Cargo Book of such Ship or Vessel for that Voyage, and Bill or Bills of Lading (if any) of the Goods in question, and other original Documents (if any) relating thereto, to their Satisfaction respectively, and that no Fraud was intended, to permit and allow, by an Order specifying that such Proof, Inspection and Examination have respectively been made to the Satisfaction of such Commissioners, the Masters of the Ships or Vessels to amend and make correct such Reports on Oath, before the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs, which Oaths such Officer and Officers is and are hereby authorised and empowered to administer; and such Masters of Ships or Vessels shall be liable to the like Penalties, in case of making a false Amendment to their Reports, as they were for making a false Report in the first Instance, to be fuea for, prosecuted, recovered and disposed of in like manner as the Penalties to which they were liable in the first Instance.

II. And Whereas it is expedient that the Officers of His Majesty's Customs at the several Outports should have the like Power to permit Reports to be amended in certain Cases; Be it therefore further enacted, That the Collector and Comptroller of His Majesty's Customs at the several Outports shall have the like Power to permit and allow, by an Order made by them in like manner as aforesaid, the Master of any Ship or Vessel who shall have made false or incorrect Reports of their Cargoes, to amend the fame on such Proof as aforesaid, made on Oath as aforesaid before them (which Oath they are hereby respectively authorised to administer), to their Satisfaction, and that no Fraud was intended; and such Masters of Ships or Vessels shall be liable to the like Penalties in case of making a false Amendment to their Reports, as they were for making a false Report in the first Instance, to be sued for, prosecuted, recovered and disposed of in like manner as the Penalties to which they were liable in the first Instance: Provided always, that no such Alteration or Amendment of any such Report as aforesaid shall be allowed or made, or shall be of any Validity or Effect, if made after the actual Seizure of any Goods as forfeited for not being reported as required by Law, or after the actual Commencement of any Prosecution against the Master or Commander of any Ship or Vessel, for any Penalty incurred by reason of any Goods imported or brought by such Ship or Vessel into Great Britain, not being included and described in the original Report of the Cargo of such Ship or Vessel, or not being duly landed according to such Report; any thing herein, or in any other Act or Acts of Parliament, to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And Whereas by an Act passed in the Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

intituled An Act for regulating the Production of Manifejls; and for more ejfc dually preventing fraudulent Practices in obtaining Bounties and Drawbacks, and in the clandestine relanding of Goods, certain Provisions are made that no Goods entitled to either Drawback, Bounty or Premium, shall be carried or put on board any Ship or Vessel whatever for Exportation to Foreign Parts by any Person or Persons whatsoever (except the proper Officers of the Revenue), other than such Person or Persons as shall be authorised for that Purpose by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs, or any Four or more of them: And Whereas it is expedient to extend the like Provisions with respect to Goods which have been secured in Warehouses without Payment of Duties, and to Goods which are prohibited to be worn or used in this Country, and also secured in Warehouses according to Law Be it enacted, That no Goods whatever which shall have been secured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty, nor any Goods whatever which are prohibited to be used or worn in Great Britain, and shall have been carried and put into Warehouses approved of by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs according to Law, shall be carried or put on board any Ship or Vessel whatever, from such Warehouse, for Exportation to Foreign Parts, by any Person or Persons whatever (except the proper Officers of the Revenue), other than such Person or Persons as shall be authorised for that Purpose by Licence under the Hands of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs or any Four or more of them for the time being, who are hereby authorised to grant the fame, and to require such Security as they may deem necessary, by Bond or otherwise, to be given by the Person or Persons to whom they shall

14? grant

A.D. 1819. 59° GEORGII III. C. 123.

grant such Licence, for the actual Delivery of the whole of the Goods on board such Ship or Vessel to the Officers of the Revenue Rationed on board, and for the faithful and incorrupt Proceeding in every respect of such Person or Persons in regard to such Goods; which said Persons so to be licensea as aforesaid shall and are hereby required, upon conveying any Goods on board any Ship or Vessel, to give clear and full Information thereof in Writing to the Master or other Person then in charge of such Ship or Vessel, for the better enabling the Master to give Notice as required by the before recited Act, previous to his clearing out with any such Goods as aforesaid 5 which Licence, when granted by the Commissioners of the Customs, shall not be withdrawn by them, or the Operation under the fame in any manner hindered, obstructed or prevented, unless either the Person or Persons to whom such Licence shall have been granted, or some other Person or Persons employed by them, and with his or their Privity or Consent, shall commit some Act against any Law now made or hereafter to be made to secure the Revenue of Customs or Excise, and shall be convicted thereof, in which Case the said Commissioners shall and are hereby authorised and required to withdraw such Licence.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs shall and are hereby required to grant such Licence as aforesaid to all and every Person and Persons who is or are now by Law entitled to carry or put on board such Goods, and who shall give such Security as the said Commissioners, or any Four or more of them, shall deem necessary, and to no other Person or Persons whatever.

V. And be it further enacted, That if any Goods entitled to either Drawback, Bounty or Premium, or any Goods which shall have been secured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty, or any Goods which are prohibited to be used or worn in Great Britain, and which shall have been carried and put into Warehouses approved of by the Commissioners of Customs according to Law, shall be carried to or put on board any Ship or Vessel for Exportation to Foreign Parts, by any Person or Persons (except the proper Officers of the Revenue), other than such Person or Persons as shall have been so licensea as required by the afore-recited Act and this present Act, then and in such .Case the Drawback, Bounty or Premium shall be forfeited and lost; and the Exporter, Shipper, and every Person who shall carry to or put on board any Ship or Vessel bound to Foreign Parts any of the before mentioned Goods, shall severally forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of One hundred Pounds; and the same shall and may be sued for, prosecuted and recovered in such Manner, and by such Ways, Means and Methods, as any Penalties incurred for any Offence against the Laws of Customs may now legally be sued for, prosecuted and recovered, one Moiety whereof shall be to His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them who shall inform or sue for the same.

VI. And Whereas by an Act passed in the Thirty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, 1 intituled An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties of Customs on Slate» Stone and Marble, it is enacted, that nothing in that Act shall extend or be construed to extend to require the Master of any Vessel in or on board of which any Slate or Stone shall be shipped, to be carried Coastwise by Sea from any Port or Place within this Kingdom, to any other Port or Place within the same, or the Owners or Shippers of any such Slate or Stone, to give any Bond for the due Landing thereof, or to take out any Cocket or other Document on account thereof, except such Sufferance, Warrant, Permit or Transire as was required by Law for the shipping or carrying Coastwise of the like Goods at and immediately before the passing of that Act, any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding: And Whereas it is expedient that Slate and Stone carried Coastwise should be subject to the like Rules, Regulations and Provisions, as other Goods liable to Duty on being carried Coastwise are by an Act passed in the Thirty second Year of His said Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for the Relief of the Coa/l Trade of Great Britain; for exempting certain Coast Documents from Stamp Duties; for abolishing the Bond usually called The I fie of Man Bond; and for permitting Corn and Grain brought Coastwise to be transhipped into Lighters, for the purpose of being carried through the Canal from the Forth to the Clyde Be it enacted, That so much of the before mentioned Act passed in the Thirty fourth Year of His said Majesty's Reign as is before recited, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed; and all Slate and Stone to be earned Coastwise shall be subject to the like Rules, Regulations and Provisions, as other Goods liable to Duty are by the aforesaid Act passed in the Thirty second Year of His said Majesty's Reign.

VII. And Whereas by the Laws now in force, certain Officers of His Majesty's Customs are empowered to administer Oaths in certain Cases: And Whereas many Cases occur where Proof on Oath is directed by Law to be taken, but the Law has not prescribed by whom it shall be administered: And Whereas it would tend much to the Dispatch of Bufinefa, as well as to Uniformity in the Conduct thereof, if certain Officers of His Majesty's Customs were empowered, in all Cases wherein the Revenue of His Majesty's Customs,

4 or the Trade or Navigation of this Kingdom is concerned, to administer Oaths; 1 Be it therefore enacted, That in all Cases therein Proof is required by any Law now in force, or hereafter to be made, or are or shall be necessary for the Satisfaction or Consideration of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs in any Matter relating to the Revenue, or to the Trade and Navigation of this Kingdom, the fame may be made before the Collector inwards and outwards, the Comptroller or Surveyor of His Majesty's Customs in the Port of London, or in case of their Absence, the Persons acting for them respectively, or the Collector or Comptroller of His Majesty's Customs at any other Port in this Kingdom, or in case of their Absence, the Persons acting for them respectively, who are hereby authorised and empowered to administer the same.

VIII. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend to alter any former Act or Acts whereby any particular Fasts are required to be proved on Oath before any particular Officers, but that the same shall be and remain in force.

1025

Persons licensed to give Information of conveying Goods.

In what Case Licence withdrawn.

To whom such Licences may, be granted on Security.

Shipping such Goods by any other than authorised Persons.

Exception.

Penalty iocl. and Forfeiture of the Drawback, &c.

34 G. 3. c. 51.

§8.

3* G. 3. c. 5c.

34 G. 3. c. 5l. §8. repealed.

Such Articles subject to 3» G. 3. c. 50.

Comptroller or Surveyor of Customs in London, and Collector and Comptroller in other Ports, empowered to administer Oaths.

Proviso for Acts requiring Proof on Oath, before particular Officers.

102 6 G 124, 125

59° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1819.

43 G. 3. c. 56.

No rich Vessel carrying Fifty Persons or upwards cleared, unless provided with a Surgeon, &c.

Powers of recited Act extended to this Act

54 G. 3. c. 36.

18.

53 G. 3. c. 155.

43 G. 3. c. 13*.

[Proviso.]

Cotton Wool, Saltpetre, Sugar and Rice imported from East Indies, admitted to Entry, and Duties paid, &c. without being warehoused.

CAP. CXXIV.

An Act for amending an Act made in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for regulating the Vessels carrying Passengers from the United Kingdom to His Majesty's Plantations and Settlements Abroad, or to Foreign Parts, with respect to the Number of such Passengers, and for making further Provision for that Purpose.

[12th July 1819.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Forty third Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for regulating the Vessels carrying Passengers from the United Kingdom to His Majesty's Plantations and Settlements Abroad, or to Foreign Parts, with respect to the Number of such Passengers: And Whereas it is expedient that the said Act, so far as relates to the Qualification of Surgeons failing with certain Vessels therein described, should be amended, so as to entitle Surgeons examined at the University of Glasgow to be 1 Surgeons of such Vessels : Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual ancf Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act no such Ship or Vessel as is in the said Act described, carrying Fifty Persons or upwards, including the Crew, shall be cleared out unless such Ship or Vessel shall be provided with a Surgeon, who shall produce to the Officer of the Customs required to give the Clearance or Sufferance a Certificate of his having passed his Examination at Surgeons Hall in London, or at the Royal College of Surgeons of Edinburgh or Dublin, or before the Medical Faculty of the University of Glasgow

II. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Powers, Directions, Provisions, Regulations, Forfeitures and Penalties contained in the said recited Act, shall continue and be in full Force and Effect, and shall apply to this Act, as if all such Powers, Directions, Provisions, Regulations, Forfeitures and Penalties were herein repeated and re-enacted.

CAP. CXXV.

An Act to admit certain Goods imported from the East Indies to Entry and Payment of Duty without being warehoused 5 and to permit the Exportation of certain East India Goods to Guernsey and Jersey, and the Removal of certain East India Goods to Liverpool, Lancaster, Briftot % and Glasgow, for Exportation.

[12th July 1819.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to repeal the Duties of Customs payable on Goods, Wares and MerchaneUfe imported into Great Britain from any Port or Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof; and to establish further Regulations for the better Security of the Revenue on Goods so imported; and to alter the Periods of making up and presenting certain Accounts of the said Company to Parliament; to continue in force until the Tenth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and nineteen; it is enacted, that all Goods, Wares and Merchandise* imported from any Port or Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the said United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, into any of those Ports m Great Britain f except the Port of London)

which shall have been or may be declared fit and proper for the purpose of such Importations under the Rule8, Regulations and Provisions of an Act passed in the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, intituled An Act for continuing in the East India Company for a further Term the Poffteffton of the British Territories in India, together with certain exclufve Privileges; for establishing further Regulations for the Government of the said Territories, and the better Administration of Justice within the same; and for regulating the Trade to and from the Places within the Limits of the said Companys Charter, either by the said United Company, or by any Person or Persons so trading under the Authority of the said recited Acts, shall be lodged and secured in Warehouses approved by the Commissioners of the Customs in England or Scotland respectively, or any Three or more of them For the time being, subject to all the Rules, Regulations,

Securities and Provisions directed and required by an Act passed in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for permitting certain Goods Imported into Great Britain to be secured im Warehouse without Payment of Duty, or by any other Act or Acts of Parliament made for amending or explaining the said Act, in force on or immediately before the Tenth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fourteen: And Whereas it may be expedient to permit certain Articles to be entered, and the Duty to be paid, and to be landed and delivered, without being warehoused as required by the said recited Acts' Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, ' and Commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That Cotton Wool, Saltpetre, Sugar and Rice imported from any Pbrt "or Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, into any Port of that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain, which either has been or may hereafter be declared fit and proper for the Deposit and Safe Custody of Goods imported under the Regulations of the said Act passed in the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, in the manner prescribed in the said Act, may be admitted to Entry, and the Duties paid, and landed and delivered, without being warehoused as required by» the afore recited Acts: Provided always, that such Goods shall be liable to all the Rules, Regulations, Penalties and Forfeitures to which Goods not entitled to be warehoused are subject by any Law now in force.

A.D. 1819. 59° GEORGII 1H. C. 125, 126. 1027

II. And Whereas {>y an Act passed in the Thirty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, 39 '59*

intituled An Act for permitting certain East India Goods to be warehoused, and for repeating the Duties now payable thereon, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof no Goods, Wares or Merchandise, the Growth,

Production or Manufacture of the East Indies, Secured in Warehouses under the Regulations of that A<3, §4.

are allowed to be exported from thence to the I Hands of Guernsey or Jersey^ and upon the lawful Exportation thereof are required to be shipped directly from Such Warehouses: And Whereas it is expedient to permit East India

East India Goods, of the Description hereafter mentioned, to be exported to the Said Islands of Guernsey and White and pitoJersey, and to allow the Removal of the Said Goods, and alSo of certain other East India Goods herein after hiblt<*1 < mentioned, from the Port of London to the Out Ports, for the Convenience of Exportation Be it °eh<|tfller therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Proprietor or Proprietors or Exporter or I8. £& per Exporters of any East India White and prohibited Goods, not of a higher Value than One Shilling and Yard, may be Sixpence per Yard, to export such Goods to the Islands of Guernsey or Jersey direct from the Warehouses exported to wherein the fame may have been Secured on the Importation thereof, any thing in the Said recited Act of the Guernsey or ^Thirty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty to the contrary thereof notwithstanding provided crsey* that such Proprietor or Proprietors or Exporter or Exporters shall, before any such Goods, are delivered or Entry to be taken from the Warehouses, make a due Entry thereof with the proper Officer or Officers of His Majesty's previously Customs, and shall, together with the Master or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of the Ship or Vessel in which such Goods are intended to be exported, and One other sufficient Surety, to be foTdue

approved of by the Collector and Comptroller of the Customs at the Port of Exportation, enter into Bond Exportation, to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, in Treble the Value thereof, with Condition that the said Goods so intended to be exported shall be landed at the Port or Place for which the same shall have been entered, and that no Part of the same shall be relanded in Great Britain, or landed in the Islands of Alderney, Sari or Man, or the Id and of Faro or Ferro; which Bond shall and may be discharged in the manner herein after How eudi mentioned, that is to say, upon a Certificate under the Hand and Seal of the Governor or Lieutenant Bonddi*-Governor and of the principal Officer of the Customs of the said Islands respectively, within the Space of Six Months from the Date of the said Bond, testifying that the said Goods and every Part thereof were there landed; or such Bond may also be discharged upon Proof made, to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners in England and Scotland respectively, that such Goods were taken by Enemies of jperished in the Seas.

III. And be it further enacted, That if the Proprietor or Proprietors or rurchafer or Purchasers of any Commissioners

such White and prohibited Goods, shall be desirous of removing the fame from the Warehouses by Land of the Customs Carriage to the Port of Southampton, for the purpose of being shipped and exported from that Port to the perrmt

said Islands of Guernsey or Jersey, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of the Customs for the time being, gu^1 Goq*£ b or any Four'or more of them, to grant Permission.for the Removal of the said Goods accordingly, under the Carriage like Rules, Regulations, Restrictions and Securities, as are now by Law required upon the Removal of to Port of certain East India prohibited Goods from one Port of Great Britain to another, to be from thence exported Southampton; lo Africa,

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Four and may permit or more of them, to permit the Removal from the Port of London of any prohibited East India Goods, or Removal of any coarse East India Piece Goods not being prohibited, and not of a higher Value than One Shilling and certain Goods Sixpence per Yard, intended for Exportation to America and its Dependencies, the West Indies or Africa, by

Sea, Land Carriage or Inland Navigation, to the Ports of Liverpool, Lancaster, Bristol or Glasgow respectively, to

for the purpose of being exported from thence; the said Goods, upon such Removals respectively, being Liverpool, &c. subject to the like Rules, Regulations, Restrictions and Securities, as are now by Law required for certain East India prohibited Goods, when removed from one Port of Great Britain to another, to be from thence exported to Africa.

CAP. CXXVI.

An Act for requiring the like Proof, to obtain Drawback of Duty on Coals used or consumed in calcining or (melting Tin, Copper or Lead Ores in the Counties of Devon and Cornwall, as if required on Coals used in Mines of Tin, Copper or Lead, in the said Counties.

[i$th July 1819.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Fifty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled $5 G. 3.*. 134. An Act for allowing a Drawback of the Duty on Coals consumed in Lead Mines in Cornwall, it is enacted, that previously to any Drawback being paid upon Coals used or consumed in Mines of Tin, $ 7^ t Copper or Lead in the Counties of Devon and Cornwall, Proof shall be made on Oath by the Proprietor or managing Owner of the Mine before the Collector or Comptroller of the Customs at the Port where the Drawback shall be paid, that he verily believes the Duties upon the said Coals have been actually paid, and that the said Coals were bond side consumed in the said Mines, and that no Part of the fame has been or shall be used or sold for domestic Purposes, or as Culm for burning Lime, or for any other Purposes not contem- plated by Law: And Whereas it is expedient that the like Proof should be required previously to any Drawback being allowed on Coals which shall be used or consumed for calcining or Imelting Tin, Copper or ' Lead Ores within the Counties of Devon and Cornwall; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Fifth* Day Before Draw-of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, previously to any Drawback being paid upon Coals used P"d on or consumed for calcining or smelting Tin, Copper os Lead Ores within the Counties of Devon a?d Cornwall

the

1028

&c. like Proof bad as for Coals consumed in Mines of Tin, &c.

In Cases where insane Persons are chargeable to Parish, Two Justices calling in to their Assistance a Medical Person may direct Overseers to convey them to some licensed House for Lunatics.

48 G. 3. c. 96.

If no Lunatic Asylum, to House duly licensed for insane Persons.

Regulations as to Payment of Charges.

Overseers not to remove such poor Person without an Order of Two Justices.

Public Act

Overseers neglecting to give Information to Justice as to State of Lunatic.

[Penalty.]

CL 126, 127. 59° GEORGII III. A.D. 1819.

the like Proof shall be made on Oath (which Oath the Collector or Comptroller of the Customs at the Port where the Drawback shall be paid is hereby authorised and required to administer) as is required by the said recited Act on Coal9 consumed in Mine9 of Tin, Copper or Lead, in the Counties of Devon and tomwalL

CAP. CXXVII.

An Act for making Provision for the better Care of Pauper Lunatics in England.

[12th July 1819.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that further Provision should be made for the Care of Pauper Lunatics in England, who may be chargeable to any Parish Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That upon its being made known to Two or more Justices of the Peace of any County, that a poor Person chargeable to any Parish or Place within any of the said Counties is deemed or taken to be lunatic or insane, or a mischievous Idiot, it shall be lawful for the said Justices, by an Order under their Hands and Seals, if they shall so think fit, to require the Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish or Place to bring the said poor Person before them, or some other Justices of the Peace of the said County, at such Time and Place as shall be appointed by the said Order; and the said Two Justices are hereby authorised to call to their Assistance a Medical Person, at the Charge of the said Parish or Place; and if upon View and Examination of the said poor Person, or from other Proof, the said Justices shall be satisfied that such poor Person is lunatic, insane or a mischievous Idiot, it shall be lawful for the said Two Justices, by an Order under their Hands and Seals, directed to the said Overseers of the Poor, according to the Form in die Schedule (A.) annexed to this Act, to cause the said poor Person to be conveyed to and placed in some Lunatic Asylum, in all Cases where such Asylum shall have been established under the Directions of an Act passed in the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the better Care and Maintenance of Lunatics being Paupers or Criminals in England, for the County or District of United Counties within which the Parish or Place to which such poor Person belongs shall be situated 5 but if no such Lunatic Asylum shall have been established, such Justices shall then direct such poor Person to be conveyed to and placed in some House duly licensed for the Reception of insane Persons; and it shall be lawful for the said Two Justices, or for any other Two Justices of the Peace acting in the Division of the said County wherein the said Parish or Place i3 situated, from time to time, as occasion may require, to make order on the Overseers of such Parish or Place for the Payment of all reasonable Charges of conveying such poor Person to such Lunatic Asylum or licensed House, and if such poor Person shall be conveyed to a Lunatic Asylum, for the Payment of such Weekly Sum to the Treasurer of such Asylum, as shall be from time to time fixed upon by the Visiting Justices of such Asylum under the Authority of the said recited Act, or if such poor Person shall be conveyed to such licensed House, for the Payment of such Weekly or Monthly Sum to the Keeper of such licensed House for the Maintenance, Medicine, Clothing and Care of such poor Person as such Keeper shall be willing to accept, and as shall appear to the said Justices to be a reasonable Charge in that behalf; and the said Overseers of the Poor shall not remove such poor Person from the said House without an Order for that Purpose made by Two Justices of the Peace for the County, after due Inquiry into the Circumstances of the Case, unless such Person shall have been discharged as cured: Provided always, that the Overseer or Overseers of such Parish or Place so conveying such insane Person to such Asylum or licensed House as aforesaid, shall and is hereby required to deliver a Certificate from the Medical Person so called to the Assist-ance of the Justices as aforesaid (which Certificate such Medical Person 19 hereby required to give, according to the Form in Schedule (B.) annexed to this Act to the Keeper of such Asylum or licensed House).

II. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Aand shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

III. And be it further enacted, That if any Overseer of the Poor of any Parish or Place to which any Lunatic or insane Person shall be chargeable shall, for the Space of Seven Days, wilfully neglect or delay to give Information of the State of such Person to some Justice of the Peace acting within the Division of the County within which the said Parish or Place is situate, he shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay a Sum of Money not exceeding Ten Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings (Half to tlje Informer and Half to the Poor of the said Parish or Place), to be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any Two Justices of the Peace for the County within which such Parish or Place is situate.

SCHEDULE (A, )

FORM OF WARRANT.

WHEREAS it appears to us, Two of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of

having called to our Assistance A.B. a Medical Person, that C.D. chargeable to the Parish of /. in the said Chunty, is [lunatic, insane or a dangerous Idiot, as the case may be] you are hereby directed to cause the said C. Z). to be conveyed to the Lunatic Asylum at E. established under an Act passed in the Fprty eighth Year of George the Third, intituled An Act for the better Care and Maintenance of Lunatics being Paupers or Criminals in England, in order that proper means may be there used for the Cure of the said

C.D. 5

A.D. 1819. 59° GEORGII III. C. 1.27, 128. 1029

jD. 5 and you are hereby ordered to pay to the Treasurer of the said Asylum such Weekly Sum for the Maintenance and Care of the said C.D. as shall be from time to time fixed upon by the Visiting Justices of the said Asylum, under the Authority of the said Act; or to the House of E. F. situate at G. in the County of K.f the said House being a House duly licensed for the Reception of Lunatics; and you are hereby ordered to pay to the said E. F. the [Weekly or Monthly] Sum of for the Maintenance, Medicine,

Clothing and Care of the said C. which Sum the said E. F. is willing to accept, and which appears to ut to be a reasonable Charge in that behalf.

Given under our Hands and Seals, this Day of

L. M.

N. 0.

To the Overseers of the Poor of the Parish of /.

SCHEDULE (B.)

FORM OF CERTIFICATE.

J DO hereby certify, That by the Directions of L. M, and N. 0. Esquires, Justices of the Peace for the Counts of H., I have personally examined C.D. and that the said C.D. appears to me to be of insane Mind.

Dated this Day of

A.B. (Physician, Surgeon or Apothecary, as the case may he) resident at R.

Cap. cxxvm.

An Act for the further Protestkm and Encouragement of Friendly Societies, and for preventing Frauds and Abuses therein.

[12th July 18ip.]

WHEREAS the habitual Reliance of poor Persons upon Parochial Relief, rather than upon their own Industry, tends to the Moral Deterioration of the People, and to the Accumulation of heavy

Burthens upon Parishesj and it is desirable, with a View as well to the Reduction of the Assessments* made for the Relief of the Poor, as to the Improvement of the Habits of the People, that Encourage-

ment should be afforded to Persons desirous of making Provision for themselves or their Families out of the Fruits of their own Industry: And Whereas by the Contribution of the Savings of many Persons to one Common Fund, the moil effectual Provision may be made for the Casualties affecting all the

Contributors; and it is therefore desirable to afford further Facilities and additional Security to Persons who may he willing to unite in appropriating small Sums from time to time to the Formation of a Common

Fund, for the Purposes aforesaid; and it is desirable to preteft such Persons against the Effects of Fraud

or Mifcalculation: And Whereas an Act passed in the Thirty third Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled 33 G. 3. c. 54.

An Act for the Encouragement and Relief of Friendly Societies: And Whereas another Act passed in the Thirty^G. 3. c. 111.

fifth Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for more effectually carrying into Execution an Act made in the Thirty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the Encouragement and Relief

of Friendly Societies/ and for extending so much of the Powers thereof as relates to the framing Rules and Regulations for the better Management of the Funds of such Societies, and the Appointment of Treasurers to

other InJHtutions of a charitable Nature: And Whereas another Act passed in the Forty third Year of His 43 G. 3. c. in.

Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for enabling Friendly Societies intended to be eflablt/hed under an Act passed in the Thirty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to reSify Mistakes made in the Registry of

their Rules: And Whereas another Act passed in the Forty ninth Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled 49 g.j. c. 125.

An Act to amend an Act made in the Thirty third Year of His present Majesty, for the Encouragement and Relief of Friendly Societies: And Whereas the Provisions of those Acts have been found insufficient for their rur-

poses, and great Abuses have prevailed in many Societies established under the Authority of such Acts Future So- Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of deties not to the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority hJvthe of the fame, That no Society hereafter to be formed in England or Wales, or the Members thereof, shall unlwscon-

be entitled to the Benefits, or subject to the Provisions of the said Acts, unless such Society shall have stituted accord-

been constituted under the Authority and according to the Provisions of this Act. ing to this Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That when any Number of Persons in England or Wales shall intend to Rules and form, under the Authority of this Act, a Friendly Society or institution, whereby it is intended to provide Tables of by Contribution, on the Principle of mutual Insurance, for the Maintenance or Assistance of the Con- Friendly So-

tributofs thereto, their Wives or Children, in Sickness, Infancy, advanced Age, Widowhood, or any other

natural State or Contingency, whereof the Occurrence is susceptible of Calculation by way of Average, it General Qjuar-shall be lawful for such Persons to make Application by Memorial signed as herein after mentioned to ter Sessions, the Justices assembled at the General Quarter Sessions tof the Peace, or any Adjournment thereof, in and for the County, Riding or Place of separate Jurisdiction, wherein such Society is about to be established, for a Confirmation and Approval of the Rules of such intended institution, and of the Tables "of Payments and Allowances to be adopted therein; and that if such Justices, or any Committee by them appointed, consisting of not less than Three Justices (of whom Two shall be a Quorum) shall, after due Examination thereof, be satisfied that the Contingencies for which it is intended to provide, whether specifically 59 Geo. III. 6 Q named

Rules and Tables to be enrolled according t033G.3c. 54.

Proviso as to confirming Tables of Payments and Benefits.

Quarter Sessions may publish general Rules for the Formation and Government of such Societies, and Petty Sessions may act thoreon.

Appointment of Trustees.

Alteration of Rule&

Memorial to Sessions.

Treasurer and other Officers.

Exemption from Stamp Duties.

Property of Societies vested in Trustees.

Who may bring and defend Actions.

C. 128. .59° GEORGII III. A.D. 1819.

named in this Act or not, are such as according to the true Meaning and Intent of this Act are fit bo be provided for by such Society, and shall deem the Rules and Tables of such Society, either in the Form in which they shall have been originally exhibited, or with such Omiilions, Additions or Alterations as may be made therein by the said Justices, with the Consent of the Persons proposing to be Trustees of such Society, to be fit and proper, and shall be satisfied that the Formation of such Society will be useful and beneficial, Regard being had to the Existence of- any other Society already formed under wholesome Rules within the same Distrrft for the like Purposes; the said Rules and Tables so confirmed or amended, shall be deposited and enrolled according to the Provisions of the said first mentioned Act, and a Copy thereof, authenticated by the Signature of Two or more Justices, shall be delivered to the Trustees of such Society, and shall thenceforward become the Rules of fudi Society, and shall be binding on all Parties concerned: Provided always, that such Justices shall not confirm and allow any Tables of Payments or Benefits, or any Rules dependent upon or connected with the Calculation thereof, until it shall have been made appear to such Justices, that the said Tables and Rules are such ds have been approved by two Persons at the least, known to be professional Aftuaries or Persons (killed in Calculation, as fit and proper, according to the moil correct Calculation of which the Nature of the Case will admit.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Justices assembled at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for any County or Riding in England or Wales, from time to time to make and publish such general Rules for the Formation and Government of Friendly Societies or Institutions under the Authority of this Act, as to such Justices may appear fit, and to require that the Rules of all Societies thereafter established within such County or Riding shall be made conformable to such general Rules; and ft shall also be lawful fdr such Justices to declare, that the Rules proposed for the Formation of such Friendly Societies or Jnftitutions which shall be made conformable to such general Rules, may be exhibited to and confirmed by any two or more Justices holding Petty Sessions within the Division wherein any such Society is to be established; and in such Case, and subject always to the Direction of such general Rules published as aforesaid, such Justices in Petty Sessions shall have the like Powers, and their Proceedings shall be subject to the like Provisions, in regard to the Formation of Friendly Societies, as are by this and the former Acts established in respect of the Justices assembled in General or Quarter Sessions.

IV. And be it further enacted, That every Memorial presented to the Justices as aforesaid, shall set forth the Names, Residence and Occupation of Three Persons at the least, of whom the Majority shall be substantial Househclders assessed to the Relief of the Poor upon a Sum not less than Fifty Pounds, which Persons shall be Trustees of such Society or Institution; and the Signature of such intended Trustees shall be affixed to such Memorial; and such Society shall from time to time, in such manner as may have been prescribed by the Rules thereof, elect other Persons duly qualified as aforesaid, to fill such Vacancies as may occur among such Trustees; and in case such Vacancy shall continue for more than Three Months, so as to reduce the Number of Trustees below the Number of Three, it shall be lawful for the remaining* Trustees to nominate one other fit Person to be the Third Trustee: Provided always, that no Trustee shall be removed from his Office without his own Consent, except with the Approbation of Two or more Justices in Petty Session assembled.

V. And be it further enacted, That when and as often as the Trustees and Persons having under the Rules of any such Society the Management thereof, shall be desirous of making any Alteration in or Addition to the Rules and Tables allowed and deposited as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for them to make further Application by Memorial to the Justices in General or Petty Sessions as aforesaid, such Memorial being signed by the Trustees or the major Part thereof, and such Application shall be dealt with' by the said Justices according to the Provisions hereinbefore contained with respect to the Allowance or Alteration of the Rules and Tables-proposed at the first Establishment of such Society, in as far as the same are applicable thereto.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Trustees of each such Society shall appoint One fit Person or more to be Treasurer or Treasurers of such Society; and shall require from such Treasurer or Treasurer* such Securities as the said Trustees may from time to time deem necessary and proper; and no Bond or other Security to be given to or on account of any such Society, or in pursuance of this Act, shall be charged or chargeable with any Stamp Duty whatever.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all Monies, Goods, Chattels and Effects whatever, and all Securities for Money or other obligatory Instruments and Evidences or Muniments, and all other Effects whatever, and all Rights or Claims belonging to or had by such Institution, shall be vested in the Trustee or Trustees of such Institution for the time being, for the Use and Benefit of such Institution. and the respective Depositors therein, their respective Executors or Administrators, according to their respective Claims and Interests; and after the Death or Removal of any Trustee or Trustees, shall vest in the succeeding Trustee or Trustees for the fame Estate and Interest as the former Trustee or Trustees had therein, and subject to the fame Trusts, without any Assignment or Conveyance whatever, except the Transfer of Stocks and Securities in the Public Funds of Great Britain; and also shall, for all Purposes of Action or Suit, as well Criminal as Civil, in Law or in Equity, in anywise touching or concerning the same, be deemed and taken to be, and shall in every such Proceeding (where-necessary) be state.d to be the Property of the Person or Persons appointed to $he Office of Trustee or Trustees of such Institution for the time being, in his, her or their prop( r Name or Names, without further Description; and such Person or Persons shall and they are hereby respectively apthorised to bring or defend, or cause to be brought or defended, any Action, Suit or Prosecution, Criminal as well as Civil, in Law or Equity, touching or concerning the Property, Right or Claim aforesaid, of or belonging to or had by such Institution:

t8 and.

A.D. 1819. 59° GEORGII III. C. 128. 1031

ciety and upon Division of Funds.

and such Person or Persons so appointed shall and may in all Cases concerning the Property, Right or

Claim aforesaid of such Institution, sue and be sued, plead and be impleaded, in his, her or their proper

Name or Names, as Trustee or Trtiftees of such Institution, without other Description; and no such Such Action*

Suit, Action or Prosecution shall be discontinued or abate by the Death of such Person or Persons, or not to abate by

liis or their Removal from the Office of Trustee or Trustees, but the same shall and may.be proceeded Death or Re-

in by the succeeding Trustee or Trustees, in the proper Name or Names of the Person or Persons commencing the fame, any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary not with (landing; and such succeeding

Trustee or Trustees mall pay or receive like Costs, as if the Action or Suit nad been commenced in

his or their Name or Names, for the Benefit of or to be reimbursed from the Funds of such Institution.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful to dissolve any Society or Institution Restrictions established under the Authority of this Act; nor shall any Division of the Funds thereof be made, otherwise uP?n Disso-than in the ordinary Course of Proceeding, according to the Rules confirmed as aforesaid, without the Consent 1Vtion °^So' of the Trustees or the major Part of them: Provided always, that no such Consent of Trustees shall be given, r, e v an un°r unless and until it shall have been certified by Two or more professional Aftuaries or Persons (killed in Calculation as aforesaid, which Persons shall have been approved as* such by the Justices as aforesaid, that, according to the most correct Calculation of which the Case will admit, the Interest of all the Contributors to such Institution, and of all Persons having Claims thereon, in Possession or Expectancy, are, by the proposed

Scheme of Dissolution or Division, fairly dealt with and secured.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Rules of every Society or Institution formed under the Place of Meet-

Authority of this Act, shall specify the Place or Places at which it is intended such Society or Institution in£' lowers shall hold its Meetings, and shall contain Provisions with respect to the Powers and Duties of the Members at MemberTto large, and of such Committees or Officers as may be appointed for the Management of the Affairs of such^Speci6ed in Society, subject always to the Provisions of this Act with respect to the Appointment and Duties and the Rules sub-Powers of the Trustees; and such Society or Institution shall not be subject to the Provisions and Restrictions ject , his Act of the said Act of the Thirty third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, as to the Appointment of Committees, or otherwise, with respect to the Management of such Society or Institution.^c*4'

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Society or Institution established under Funds may be the Authority of this Act, from time to time to subscribe the whole or any Part of the Funds of such subscribed into Society or Institution into the Funds of any Institution which shall have taken the Benefit of an Act of the SavinSBank; Fifty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to encourage the Efiabllshment of 5? G*3- c. 13c, Banks for Savings in England, subject to the several Provisions contained in the said last mentioned Act, or of 58 G. 3. c. 4?. an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament to amend the said Act.

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Society or Institution established under the or into Bank of Authority of this Act, to pay directly into the Bank of England any Sum or Sums of Money not being England to Ae-less than Fifty Pounds, ( to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, misrioners 0?*'upon the Declaration of the Trustees of such Society or Institution, or any Two or more of them, that such National Debt Monies belong exclusively to the Society or Institution for which such Payment is intended to be made, on Declaration whether such Monies shall have been deposited therein before the passing of this Act, or thereafter shall be of Trustees, deposited therein; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England are hereby required to receive all such Cashier to re-Monies, and place the fame into a new and separate Account, to be raised in the Name of the said Com- ceive and place missioners for the time being, in the Books of the Bank of England, to be denominated*The Fund for the M°n, 08*>

Society or Institution etlabhftied at A. in the County of B. under an Act of the Fifty ninth Year of the ccount*

Reign of King George the Third and all the Clauses and Provisions of 'an Act passed in the Fifty seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, {intituled An Act to encourage the Establishment of Banks for Savings in England, ) with respect to the Accounts of Banks for Savings, and the Regulation of Debentures,

Certificates- or Orders concerning the same, shall be applicable to the Monies so paid into the Bank of England under the Authority of this Act, as if the fame had been repeated therein.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to Trustees may prevent the Trustees 01 any Society formed under the Authority thereof, from in veiling any Part of the

Funds of such Society in any Public Stocks or Funds established by the Authority of Parliament, or from °bylc FumL,

laying out the fame upon Real Security at Interest. or on Rcj g*.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the Trustees of any Society or Institution established under the curity. Authority of this Act, shall not be liable to make good any Deficiency which may arise in the Funds of such Responsibility Society, unless such Persons shall have respectively declared by Writing under their Hands, deposited and of Trustcts. registered in like manner with the Rules of such Society, that they are willing to be answerable; and it shall be lawful for each of such Persons, or for such Persons collectively, to limit his, her or their Responsibility to such Sum as shall be specified in any such Instrument in Writing.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That when the Trustees of any Society formed under the Authority of In cose of Ap-

this Act, shall be apprehend ve that the Funds of such Society, together with the Sum (if any) for which Prehension of

Persons having formed the said Society shall have made themselves responsible as aforesaid, are likely to prove

inefficient to make all the Payments becoming due to the several Parties interested, according to the Rules Trustees may of such Society, the said Truuees shall forthwith (late their Apprehension, and the Grounds thereof, to the apply to Qjuar-Justices in General or Quarter Sessione, or if the Rules of such Institution shall have been originally confirmed ter Sessions, at the Petty Sessions, then to the Justices in such Petty Sessions 5 and it .shall be lawful for such Justices, upon

a full Statement of the Accounts and Proceedings of such Society, which the said Trustees are hereby v iereU1, directed to furnifti at the Requisition of such Committee, to make such Order for the Adjustment of the Claims of all Parties interested in the Funds of such Society, as to them may appear fair and equitable:

6 Q 2 Provided

1032

Appeal.

Final.

In Cases of Complaint of Widows and Children of deceased Members, Justices to have Jurisdiction.

33 G.3* c. 54. and 49 G. 3. c.^15. applicable to this Act.

53 G. 3. c. 10a.

54 G. 3. c. 3.

56 G. 3. C. 102.

tontinued.

A Commissioner to be appointed, who may appoint Officers.

53 G. 3. c. 138.

54 G. 3. C.H4-56 G. 3. c. 126# continued.

C. 128 — 132. 59° GEORGII III. A.D. 1819.

Provided always, that it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons who may think himself, herself or themselves aggrieved by any such Order of Jjustices id Petty Sessions, to appeal therefrom to the Justices assembled in the Quarter Sessions next ensuing after the Date of such Order, whose Decision shall be final and conclusive.

XV. And Whereas by the said Act of the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, no sufficient Provision is made for the Relief of Widows and Children of deceased Members of Friendly Societies, who may be aggrieved by the Officers or Members of the Societies of which their Husbands or Parents were*Members; Be it further enacted, That Justices of the Peace shall have the like Power ajvd Jurisdiction in Cases of Complaint made by or on behalf of such Widows and Children, as they have under the said last mentioned Act, or under this Act, in regard to the Members of such Societies themselves.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That all the Provisions of the said Acts of the Thirty third and Forty ninth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, as to Matters for which no other Provision is made by thilx Act, shall be deemed, so far as the same are not repugnant to this Act, applicable to all Societies and Institutions formed under the Authority of this Act.

c A p. cxxix.

An Act to continue in force, until the Expiration of Three Calendar Months after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, Three Acts of His present Majesty, for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors in England.

[12th July 1819.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors in England: And Whereas an Act was passed in the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend an Act of tbs Fifty third Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors in England And Whereas an Act was passed in the Fifty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend the 'AS of the Fifty third Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors in England; and to give further Powers to the Court appointed by the said Act; ' which several Acts were to*continue in force until the End of the present Session of Parliament: And Whereas it is expedient that the said several Acts should be continued for a short time Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said several Acts and each and every of them, as far as the fame now are in force, shall and the same are hereby respectively continued until the Expiration of Three Calendar Months after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act it shall be lawful for His Majesty to appoint a fit Person, being a Barrister at Law of Ten Years standing at the lead, to be His Majesty's Commissioner for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors, and to preside in the Court established by the said recited Act of the Fifty third Year of His present Majesty; and that it shall be lawful for such Commissioner to appoint such and so many Officers for carrying into Execution the purposes of the said recited Acts and this Act, as His Majesty shall deem to be necessary and expedient for such purposes, but so that the Number of such Officers shall not exceed the Number heretofore appointed and employed in the said Court.

CAP. CXXX.

An Act to continue the federal Acts for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors in Ireland, until the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty.

[12th July 1819.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors in Ireland, and was to continue in force until the First Day of November One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, and thenceforth until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and no longer; and the said Act was amended by Two Acts made in the Fifty fourth and Fifty sixth Years of H?s present Majesty's Reign: And Whereas it is expedient that the said Acts should be further continued; JBe it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Act of the Fifty third Year aforesaid, as the fame is amended by the said Acts of the Fifty fourth and Fifty sixth Years, shall be and the fame is and are hereby continued in force from the End of this present Session of Parliament until the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty.

CAP. CXXXI.

An Act for raising the Sum of Sixteen millions five hundred thousand Pounds, by Exchequer BiHs, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight, hundred and nineteen, [12th July 1819.]

[This Act is the same as 58 G. 3. c. 4. except as to Dates and tfinnr.]

CAP. CXXXII.

An Act for raising the Sum of Two Millions British Currency, by Treasury Bills in Ireland^ for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred aftd nineteen. [t2th July 1819.]

[This Act is the same as 58 G. 3. c. 87. except as to Dates and Surns*

14 CAP.

A.D. 1819.

Q GEORGII III.

& f 35.

J033

59

CAP. GXXXEK

An Act for applying certain Monies thereia mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and nineteen; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Par-

[13th July 1819O

Out of Duties of Excise of 56 G. 3. g.17^ - 1

AUo a Proportion of Balance remaining in the Bank belonging to the Public Arisen from the Sale of Old Naval and Victualling Stores

Surplus of the Grants for 1818 Monies raised by Exchequer Bills, under a 3. "

- c.$.

c»

liament.

II.

III.

IV. V.

VI.

VII.

£.3, 500, 000 0 0

334*87 0 0

244, 892 18 9i

3, 000, 000 0 0

20, 000, 000 0 0

12, 000, 000 0 0

12, 000, 000 0 0

16, 500, 000 0 0

2, 000, 000 0 0

334.487 0 0

344.89* 18 9i

3, 500, 000 0 0

6, 527, 781 12 7

565, 50° 0 0

520, 000 0 0

533>°°° 0 0

91, 000 0 0

2>483>oi3 12 7

1, 631, 628 0 0

4*9*39 0 0

284, 321 0 0

[. 8, 782, 470 5 7

2, 258, 776 11 2

749*937 8 10 net

118, 021 1 3

34, 78414 11 net

139.3334 1

10, 894 16 7 net

*j.63S 1 11

7, 4007 3 net

100, 000

21, 668 15 5 net

20, 884 1 2

*74, 378 6 '0

*, 26393 net

Granted to make good the Supply for Great Britain and Ireland for 1819.

Towards the said Supply.

At per Man per< Month.

d.

From a Loan - - - r. 42.

Monies arising from Lotteries - r.65.

From a Loan - - - r.71.

By Exchequer Bills - - r. 131.

By Treasury Bills - - c. 132.

Balance of Public Money paid by the Bank under 56 G. 3. c. 97.

(granted above, fill.) -(granted above, $ IV.) -

(granted above, § I.) lor Naval Services 5 that is to say, £,

For Wages for 20, 000 Men, ") including 6000 Royal Marines,

For Victuals,

For Wear and Tear of Ships,

For Ordnance for SeaService,

For Ordinary Establishment of the Navy For building, rebuilding, and Repairs of Ships, and other Extra Works -

For Provisions for Troops on Foreign Stations, and Rations for Troops to be embarked on board Ships of War and Transports For Transport Service

For Land Forces 5 (that is to say)

For Land Forces in G. 2?., and on Stations abroad, (except tht East Indies)

For Ditto for Ireland - For General and Staff Officers, and Officers of Hospitals serving with the Forces in G. B, and on Foreign Stations, (excepting India) For Ditto in Ireland

For Allowances to Principal Officers of certain Public Departments in G. B.f their Departments, Clerks and Contingencies For Ditto in Ireland -

For Medicines and Surgical Materials for Land Forces on the Establishment of G. B, and of certain Hospital Contingencies For Ditto in Ireland - For defraying the Charge of Volunteer Corps in G* B.

For/ditto in Ireland -

For Four Troops of Dragoons and 14 Companies of Foot Rationed in G. 2?., for recruiting the Corps employed in the Territorial roffessions of the East India Company For Pay of General Officers in the Land Forces, not being Colonels of Regiments upon the Establiftiraent of G. B.

For Ditto in Ireland -

Granted as above, and appropriated to Ufet herein after expressed. See §6 — 22.

For 13 Months.

For the Year 1819.

From the 25th Dec. 1818. to the 24th Dec, 1819. indufive.

: l

For the Year 18*9.

From the 2£tft Dec. 1818. to 24th Dec* 1819; inclusive.

i°34

C.i33-

£.27, 480

6, 178

1*3, 899

59° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1819.

3 "

11 o het

7 9

VIII.

3»53898 net

687, 600 0 0

49, 772 6 2 net

31, 561 17 6

1, 227 >4 0 net

129, 75° 0 0

4*9849 8 9

13, 681 13 11 net

977, 582 0 0

196, 065 I4 2 net

84, 580 0 0

J9, 542 2 2 net

168, 532 12 1

20, 732 O 0

29, 994*9

7*3+3 2 net

35, 000 0 0

197, 244 14 3

6, 009 l69net

123, 500 0 0

380, 300 0 0

189, 574 14 4

16, 385 7 5" i t

200, 000 0 0 a E < P

20, 000 0 0

148, 532 0 0 U

73»°32 8 0 J

250, 000 0 0

386, 222 3 11

20, 094 16 10

For the Year 1819.

From 25th Dec 1818. to 24th Dec 1819.

For Garrisons at Home and Abroad on the )

Establishment of G. B.

For Ditto in Ireland -» - - 1

For Full Pay for retired Officers and ui\at- - tached Officers of Forces upon the Establishment of G.B.

For Ditto for retired Officers in Ireland For HalfPay to reduced Officers of Land Forces upon the Establishment of G. B.

For Ditto in Iceland

For Military Allowances to reduced Officers of Land Forces upon the Establishment of G. B.

For Ditto in Ireland -

For Half Pay and reduced Allowances to Officers of disbanded Foreign Corps, Pensions to Wounded Foreign Officers, and Allowances to the Widows and Children of deceased Foreign Officers For In Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital For Ditto of Ktlmainham Hospital For Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital For Ditto of Kilmainham Hospital For Pensions to Widows of Officers of Land Forces and Marines upon the Establishment of G. B* -

For Ditto in Ireland -

Allowances on Compassionate Lift* and of Pensions to Officers for Wounds Ditto to reduced Adjutants of Local Militia in G. B.

For Allowances, Compensations and Emolu- ' ments, in the nature of Superannuated or Retired Allowances to Persons belonging to several Public Departments in G. B., in respect of their having held Public Offices or Employments of a Civil Nature For Ditto in Ireland

For Fees expected to be paid at the Exchequer on Issues for Army Services for the British Establishment:

For Corps ordered to be disbanded or reduced in the Year 1819; for the Clothing of Cavalry Regiments, the Establishments of which were reduced from the 25th December, 1818; and for Two Regiments of Cavalry to Dates of Embarkation for the East Indies.

For Charges incident for the Year 1819, for the Pay and Clothing of Corps reduced in Ireland.

For the Barrack Department in G. B.

For Supply of Bread, Meat and Forage, Coals, "

Candles, Straw and Furniture for Troops in G. B. and for casual Supplies for Troops on Foreign Stations, and for the Pay of Commiflanat Department -

For disembodied Militia in G. B.

For Ditto in Ireland -

For Extraordinary Expences of the Army in G. B. during the present Year. For Ditto in Ireland during the present Year.

For Commissariat Department, ditto - -7 For one Year ending 24th

Barrack Department, ditto - - - -J Dec. 1819.

For Ordnance Service of the present Year.

For Ordnance for Land Service for G. B. - For the Year 1819.

For Services performed by Ordnance for Land Service for G. B. and not provided for by Parliament in the Year 1818.

From the 25th Dec. 1818. tv) 24th De*. 1819. inclusive.

For the Year 1819.

For the Year 1819.

A.D. 1819.

£. 10, 000 o o 275, 667 18 o

59° GEORGII III. C. 133.

6, 022 3

34, 484 2 6

For the Year 1819.

101, 008 15^12, 000 o o

4, 500 o 0

IX. 1, 000, 000 o o

X. 24, 954, 300 o o xr. 8, 046, 100 o o

XII. 8, 599, 600 o o

XIII. 3, 000, 000 o o

XIV. 4, 400, 000 o o

XV.

For the Reduction of Ordinary Military Corps For Ordnance for G. B. for Allowances to Retired General Officers, to Superannuated, Retired and Half Pay Officers, to Officers seconded, to Officers for good Services, to Wounded Officers, to Superannuated and Disabled Men, and for Pensions to Widows and Children of, deceased Officers late belonging to the several Ordnance Military Corps -

For Ditto, not provided for by Parliament in the Year 1818.

For Allowances, Compensations and Emoluments' in the nature of Superannuated or Retired Allowances to Persons late belonging to the Office of Ordnance in G. B. in respect of their having held any Public Offices or Employments of a Civil Nature, and also for the Charge of Widows' Pensions For the Office of Ordnance fof Ireland For Ditto in Ditto, on account of the Pay of

Retired Officers of the late Irish Artillery and ^For the Year 1819. Engineers, and Pensions to Widows of deceased Officers of the fame -

For Allowances, Compensations and Emoluments in the nature of Superannuated or Retired Allowances to Persons late belonging to the Office of Ordnance in Ireland, in respect of their having held any Public Offices or Employments of a Civil Nature, and also for the Charge of Widows' Pensions -

For improving the Defences of the Low Countries, by virtue of the Convention concluded on the 13th Jluguft 1814.

For discharging Outstanding Exchequer Bills under 58 G. 3. c. 86. and c. 4. unprovided for.

For discharging Supplies granted for the Service of the Year 1818, unprovided for.

For discharging Exchequer Bills charged upon the Supplies of the Year 1819, unprovided for.

For Ditto, under 48 G. 3. c. 3. 55 G. 3. c. 16. and 56 G. 3. c. 7. unprovided for.

For discharging Treasury Bills issued for the Service of Ireland under 57 G. 3.

c. 81. and 58 G. 3. c. 87. unprovided for on the 5th January 1819.

Out of the several Sums of 24, 954, 306l. § X. ante, 8, 599, 600l. § XII. ante, 3, 000, 000l. Exchequer Bills, § XIII. ante, and 4, 400, 0001. Treasury Bills, § XIV. ante, 5, 000, 000l. to be repaid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England.

XVI. Civil Establishments, vix,

Bahama Islands, in addition to the Salaries now' paid to the Public Officers out of the Duty Fund, and the incidental Charges attending the fame -

Island of Dominica -

Upper Canada

Nova Scotia

New Brunswick --

Cape Breton -

St. John (Prince Edward* Island)

Newfoundland - - '*

New. South Wales -

Sierra Leone -

For making good Deficiency of Grant for the Year 1818, to provide for such Expences of a Civil Nature as do not form a Part of the Ordinary Charges of the Civil List.

For such Expences of a Civil Nature as do not*' form Part of the Ordinary Charges of the Civil List -

For Salaries -to Officers and Expences* of the Court and Receipt of Exchequer

3*30* IO 0

600 0 0

10, 800 0 0

13»44° O 0

<5.757 IO 0

2, 190 ° 0

3»49o O 0

5.976 0 0

16, 825 O 0

16, 687 15 0

XVII. 79, 154 8 9\

300, 000 0 0

6, 500 0 0

f From the 1st January to 31st Dec. 1819.

For the Year 1819-

1035

A.D. 1819.

*<*36 CL 133.

£14*515 O 0

22, 401 O 0

9*3 4 1

41*974 0 0

74*93* 0 0

*»777 0 0

8, 000 0 0

20, 000 0 0

3>oooo 0' 6

17*000 0 0

2, 209 O O

1499O

n, oooo o o

251 10 o

2, 442 o o

920 o o

266 13 4

558 o o

225 o o

18, 449 4 0 9, 1*9 16 2

90, 727 o o 73, 700 o o

«S9° GEORGII III.

For the Year 1819.

For the Year 1819.

To 4>c paid without Fee or other Deduction.

For the Year 1819.

For the Year 1819.

To be paid without Fee or other Deduction.

For the Year 1819.

For defraying the Expeaces of the Houses of"

L arete and Commons -

For the Salaries and Allowances to the Officers of Lords and Commons For making good Deficiency of Sum granted in the last Session of Parliament to defray the Salaries and Allowances to the Officers of the Houses of Lords and Commons.

For Works and Repairs of Public Buildings -1 For the confining, maintaining and Employments of Convicts at home -

For maintaining criminal Lunatics ^YeaTi8H)

For Prosecutions, &c. relating to the Coin of 1 this Kingdom

For Law Charges

For the Vaccine Estabfiftrraent f ^ear

1919.

For printing Acts of Parliament for the Two'

Houses of Parliament, for the Sheriffs, Clerks of the Peace and Chief Magistrates throughout the United Kingdom, and for the acting

Justices throughout Great Brit cun; also for printing Bills, Reports, Evidence and other Papers and Accounts for the House of Lords -

For printing Votes of the House of Commons during the present Session of Parliament.

For Deficiency of the Grant of 1817, for printing 1750 Copies of the 7 2d vol. of Journals of the House of Commons.

For American Loyalists For Superannuation Allowances or Compensations to retired Clerks and other Officers formerly employed in the Lottery Office - For Superannuation Allowances or Compensations to retired Clerks and other Officers formerly employed in the Office of Commissioners for auditing the public Accounts For Superannuation Allowances or Compensations to retired Clerks and other Officers formerly employed in His Majesty's Mint - For Superannuation Allowance or Compensation to One of the late Pay mailers of Exchequer Bills For Superannuation or retired Allowances to Persons formerly employed on the Military Roads in North Britain

For Superannuation or retired Allowance to fVU- r^r°m 18 ib.

Ham Bell of Kingston in Canada, at the Rate-J^V; 1819-

- fcttSlSJ*

For making good the Deficiency of the Fee Funds in the Department of the Treasury, Three Secretaries of State and Privy Council.

For making good the Deficiency of the Sum granted in the last Session of Parliament for defraying contingent Expences, and Messengers* Bills in the Departments of the Treasury, the Three Secretaries of State and Lord Chamberlain.

For making good Deficiency of Fee Funds in" the Departments of the Treasury, Three Secretaries of State, and Privy Council For. defraying the contingent Expences and Me^enger8, Bills in the Departments of the Treasury, Three Secretaries of State and Lord Chamberlain -

8

Jc

To be paid without Fee or other Deduction.

For the Year 1819.

A.D. 1819. 59° GEORGII III.

c*i33-

£.60, 000 0 0

21, 000 0 0

50, 000 0 0

8, 000 0 0

8, 000 0 0

*7>I73 18 10

28, 482 17 7

5, 000 0 0

52, 6624 1

80.000 o o

4, 987 12 3

213 14. II

21.000 O O

3, 000 o o 3, 500 o o

3>1693 °i 24, 800 o o

10.000 o o

1, 671 2 O

M77 8 5

100, 000 O O

1, 570, 000 o o 430, 000. o o

10, 01? y6 8

100, 000 o o 10, 000 o o

59 Geo. III.

Towards the Expence of building a J Penitentiary House at Millbank

For the House

Eilabliffiment of the

For the 7 To be paid without Ffee \ Year 1819*3 or other Deduction*

f From the 24th June 1819. Penitentiary)to 24th June 1820.

- 3 To be paid without Fee

or other Deduction.

For the Inland Navigation from the ( For the tw>, -

Eailern to the Western Sea by)Year lTo^and vnthout Fee

Irroernefsand Fort William - ( 1819. J or other Deduction.

Towards the Expences of the Royal Military'i

j

For the Year 1819.

inclusive.

To be paid without Fee or other De^Luction.

To be paid without Fee or other Deduction.

College

Towards the Royal Military Asylum For completing the Royal Military College 1 From the 25th Dec, 1818. For completing the Royal Military Asylum at to the 24th Dec, 1819. Chelsea -

For the Refuge for the Destitute y^_r

For Relief to Toulonefe and Corsican Emi- grants, St. Domingo Sufferers, Dutch Naval (

Officers, for Services performed or Losses ( fuffained in the British Service For Secret Services - - - For the Year 1819.

For making good Deficiency of the Grant of 1818, for the Expence of printing Bills, Reports and other Papers, by Orjder of the House of Commons, during the lass Session of Parliament.

For making good Deficiency of Grant of 1818, for printing 1, 750 Copies of the 7 3d Vol. of Journals of the House of Commons.

For printing Bills, Reports and other Papers, by Order of the House of Commons, during the present Session of Parliament*

For reprinting Journals and Reports of the House of Commons, in the Year 1819.

For printing 1, 750 Copies of the 74th Vol. of the Journals of the House of Commons, for the Year 1819.

For repairing Henry the Seventh's Chapel*

For defraying the Salaries and Allowances and I Expences for the Commissioners under the For the Year 1819. Treaties with Foreign Powers, for preventing^To be paid without Fee

the College of I

>1. of;

or other Deduction.

Journals of the House of the illicit Traffic in Slaves

For carrying on Works, at Edinburgh

For printing 1, 250 Copies of the 50th Vol.

Peers.

For defraying Deficiency of the Grant of 1818, for printing Acts of Parliament for the Two Houses of Parliament, for the Sheriffs, Clerks of the Peace, and Chief Magistrates throughout the United Kingdom, and for the A ding Justices throughout Great Britain; also for printing Bills, Reports, Evidence, and other Papers and Accounts for the House of Lords.

For Bills drawn or to be drawn from Net* South 1 Year 181

Wales -J

For discharging Interest on Exchequer Bills, Irish Treasury Bills, and Mint Notes.

Being the ioodth Part of 43 Millions of Exchequer Bills, authorised in the last Session of Parliament to be issued and charged upon the Aids

granted in the present Session, to be issued and paid by Quarterly Payments, to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be placed to the Account of the Commissioners of the National Debt -

Towards Expences incurred inf« v the Management of the BriUJh \ Yor " Year

Wi

1819. 8 Bounty.

Museum For the Governors of Queen At For the Poorer Clergy in Scotland, to be issued and applied in punuance of any Act for that purpose.- -

6 R

For the Year ending iff February 1819.

the

To be paid without Fee or other Deduction.

1037

1038

C.I33*

£.48, 904 2 2

59° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1819.

23.0977 4

15.000 o o

12, 500 o o 13, 300 o o

1.000 o o

28.000 o o

1, 175 0 0

6.000 o o

British Currency net. XVIII. 1, 153 16 11

XIX.

22, 882 o o 20, 684 o o

9, 692 o o

3>439 ° o

23, 076 o o

1, 000 o o 8, 651 I 7

4>°34 15 5 756 o o

1, 741 16 II

4, 480 o o 12, 000 O o 6, 700 o o 683 i 6

1, 071 13 10

To be paid without Fee or other Deduction.

For Interest due on 300, 000l. granted to the'I Portuguese Government, in pursuance of a I To be paid without Fee Convention, signed at Vienna on the 21st Ja- [ or other Deduction. nuary 1815 -

For making good the Deficiency on the 5th of April 1819, of the Fee Fund at Receipt of Exchequer.

For defraying Expence of Improvements between"

Bangor Ferry and Chirk Bridge, in North "

Wales

For defraying Expence of Works proposed to be done in and about the Harbour of Holyhead For defraying Expence of Repairs upon the Cobb at Lyme Regis -

For the Board of Agriculture For maintaining and repairing the British Forts on the Coast of Africa -

For Superannuation Allowances or Compen- fations to Andrew Allen and Edward Stanley, -

retired Consuls abroad To General Boyd, a Citizen and Officer of the United States of America, for Services rendered by the Exportation of Saltpetre exported under the King's Licence, as a Remuneration for a Service formerly rendered to this Country in the East Indieiy and for Expences and Trouble incurred in the Prosecution of his Claim

For the Remuneration of certain public Officers in Ireland, for their extraordinary Trouble in 1819.

For the probable Expenditure of the Board of) F<jr^y g Works in Ireland - - -1.y

For Printing, Stationery and other Disburse-ments for the Chief and Under Secretaries'

Offices and Apartments, and other public Officers in Dublin Castle, &c., and for Riding Charges and other Expences of the Deputy Pursuivants and extra Messengers attending the said Offices, also superannuated Allowances in the said Chief Secretary's Office For publiflffng Proclamations and other Matters of a public Nature in the Dublin Gazette and other Newspapers in Ireland

For printing 1, 500 Copies of a compressed Quarto Edition of the Statutes of the U.K. for the Magistrates of Ireland, and 250 Copies of a Folio Edition of the fame, bound for the Use of the Lords, Bishops and public Officers in Ireland.

For Criminal Prosecutions and other Law.Expences in Ireland

For apprehending Public Offenders in Ireland - For One Year, ending For completing the Sum necessary for the*5th Jan. 1820.

Support of the Nonconforming Ministers in Ireland -

For the Support of Seceding Ministers from the 7 For Synod of Ulster -

For Protestant Dissenting Ministers in Ireland

For One Year, 5th Jan. 1820.

ending

One Year, ending 25th March 1820.

For One Year, ending 5th Jan. 1820.

For One Year, ending 24th June 1820.

For the Year 1819.

For Salaries of Lottery Officers in Ireland

For the Directors of Inland Navigation in Ireland For carrying on the Works at Dunmore Harbour in the current Year.

For Ditto at Harbour of Howth in the current Year.

For clothing the Battle Axe Guards foe 18 Months, commencing iff June 1819.

For clothing Officers of Arms, Pursuivants and State Trumpeters in Ireland for three Years, commencing 17th March 1819.

4

A.D. 1819. 59° GEORGII III.

C.i33>i34«

British Currency net. £.26, 600 o o

For the Police and Watch Establishments of the) v -

City and Distria of Dublin.f For One Year, ending

10, 000 0 0

1, 000 0 0

7-200 0 0

3, 000 0 0

17, 076 18 5i

9»23° O O

18, 461 O 0

19, 9389H

11, 000 0 0

276 18 si

300 0 0

24, 000 0 0

30, 000' 0 0

32, 000 0 0

6, 655 0 0

9, 200 0 0

1, 800 2, 600 0 0

0 O

8, 000 0 0

3>3<*> 0 0

1, 400 0 0

4, 600 0 0

460 0 0

8, 928 0 0

3>43° 0 0

TOO 0 0

2, 300 5.338 0 0

0 o«

9, 200 0 0

3, 000 a 0

20, 000 0 0

5th Jan. 1820.

For One Year, ending the 5th January 1820.

For the Year 1819.

City and District of Dublin For providing for Fever Cases in Ireland

For Utensils and Implements of Manufacture for the Use of New Bridewell in Dublin.

For Salaries of Commissioners of Inquiry into Courts of Justice in Ireland.

In aid of Schools established by Voluntary Contributions.

For making good the Advances made from the Civil List in Ireland, pursuant to the Addresses of the House of Commons of the 8th July 1817 and the 2d Juiie 1818, for the Remuneration of the Commissioners of Enquiry into the Courts of Justice in Ireland.

XX. Q, 2*o o o For building Churches and Glebe Houses and"

purchasing Glebes in Ireland For further defraying the Expence of ditto For the Trustees of the Linen and Hempen Manufactures of Ireland, to be by them applied in such manner as they shall think fit to promote the said Manufactures For making wide and convenient Streets in the City of Dublin -

Allowance to the Chairman of the Board of Inland Navigation

For repairing the House of the Royal Irish Academy in Grafton Street.

XXI. 24, 000 o o For the Protestant Charter Schools of Ireland

For the Foundling Hospital at Dublin For the House of Industry, Hospitals and Asylum for industrious Children in Dublin For the Richmond Lunatic Asylum at Dublin For the Hibernian Society for Soldiers' Children For the Hibernian Marine Society in Dublin For the Female Orphan House in the Circular Road near Dublin -

For the Westmorland Lock Hospital, Dublin For the Lying-in Hospital, Dublin.- For Doctor St event's Hospital For the Fever Hospital and House of Recovery in Cork Street, Dublin -

For the Hospital for Incurables in Dublin For the Roman Catholic Seminary For the Association for discountenancing Vice and promoting the Knowledge of the Chris-dan Religion

For the Green Coat Hospital of Cork For the Cork Institution For the Society for promoting the Education of the Poor of Ireland For the Dublin Society For the Farming Society of Ireland XXII 20, 000 0 o For defraying the Civil Contingencies in

Ireland -

XXIII. Supplies to be applied only for the Purposes aforesaid.

XXIV. Rules for Application of Half Pay.

XXV. Half Pay to Officers of Manx Fencibles.

XXVI. Ditto to Chaplains of Regiments, although in Possession of Ecclesiastical Benefices-XXVII. Application of Overplus of Sum under 58 Geo. 3. c. 101.

For One Year, ending the 5th January 1820.

CAP. CXXXIV.

An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, for building and promoting the building of additional Churches in populous Parishes.

[13th July 1819.]

WHEREAS an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for building and pro-W mating the building of additional Churches in populous Parishes: And Whereas it is expedient and ' necessary that some of the rrovisions of the said Act mould be amended, and other Provisions thereof en-

6 R 2 < larged,

1039

58 G. 3. e. AS-

1040 C.I34*

59° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1819.

Exchequer Bills issued in pursuance of recited Act to bear a certain Rate of Interest.

Commissioners under recited Act to apply for Exchequer Bills;

which are to be delivered by the Auditor of the Exchequer.

Date of the said Exchequer Bills.

His Majesty may appoint Commissioners to supply Vacancies.

Commissioners to be a Body Corporate.

Commissioners empowered to allow the whole of the Expences in certain Cases.

Commissioners may treat with and make Grants to Divisions of Parishes, as if they were distinct parishes.

58 G. 3. c. and this Act in force as to such Divisions.

larged, and that further and additional Provision should be made for rendering the said Act more effectual: Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Exchequer Bills, to be made out in pursuance of the said recited Act or this Act, shall and may bear such an Interest as may be directed by the Lord High Treasurer or Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, not exceeding the Rate of Three pence Halfpenny per Centum per Diem, upon or in respect of the whole of the Monies respectively contained therein; and that all such Bills as shall be advanced for the purposes of carrying the said Act or this Act into Execution, shall be made payable at such Periods, and, together with the Interest that shall be due thereon, shall be paid off and discharged out of such Aids or Supplies granted by Parliament, for the Service of any Year, as in each and every Exchequer Bill so made forth shall be particularly specified and expressed, pursuant to such Directions as shall be given in that behalf to the Auditor of the Receipt of Exchequer, by Warrant or Warrants from the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, for the time being.

II. And be it further enacted, That from time to time, as the Commissioners appointed for the Execution of the said recited Act shall find it necessary to apply to the purposes thereof, any Amount of such Bills to be advanced under the Provisions of the said recited Act or of this Act, the said Commissioners shall forthwith represent the same to the said Commissioners of the Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them for the time being, shall thereupon, if satisfied of such Necessity, direct the said Commissioners to issue a Certificate to be signed by any Three or more of them, to such rerson or Persons as may be authorised to receive the same, containing the Amount so by the said Commissioners intended to be advanced by Exchequer Bills; which Certificate shall and may be presented to the Auditor at the Receipt of Exchequer at Westminster, and the said Auditor shall, immediately upon the Receipt of such Certificate, deliver to the Bearer thereof a like Amount in Exchequer Bills, to be made out in pursuance of the said recited Act or of this Act, and payable at such Period as shall in such Exchequer Bills be specified and expressed; provided that the total Amount so to be issued by virtue of such Certificates shall not at any time exceed the Amount directed to be advanced under the said recited Act; and every such Exchequer Bill shall bear Date on the Day on which such Certificate shall be so received by the said Auditor, or on such other Day as in such Certificate shall be specified; any thing in the said recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding; and all such Exchequer Bills so to be delivered shall and may be signed by the said Auditor, or in his Name by any Person duly authorised to sign Exchequer Bills.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, when and so often as any Vacancies shall or may arise, by Death, Resignation or otherwise, of any of the Commissioners appointed by His Majesty under the Provisions of the said recited Act or this Act, from time to time to supply any such Vacancy or Vacancies by the Appointment of any other Person or Persons, and also from time to time to appoint additional Commissioners, who, together with the Persons before appointed, shall be the Commissioners for carrying into Execution the purposes of the said Act and this Act; and the Commissioners so appointed by His Majesty, under the Provisions of the said Act or this Act, shall be and are hereby declared to be a Body Corporate, by the Name and Stile of " His Majesty's Commissioners for building New Churches, " and by that Name shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be a Body Corporate, wmle any Commission appointing such Commissioners shall continue in full Force, and shall have a Common Seal.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby empowered to allow and make Grants for the defraying the whole of the Charges and Exjpences of building any Churches or Chapels under the Provisions of the said recited Act or this Act, in all Cases in which the Commissioners shall see fit, either on account of the Inability of the Inhabitants to bear any Part of the Charge of building any such Churches or Chapels, or from any other Cause which shall, in the Judgment and Discretion of the said Commissioners be sufficient; any thing in the said recited Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And Whereas many Parishes are divided into Township, Hamlets, Vills, Chapelries, and other Divisions, which are oftentimes very large and populous; and it is therefore expedient that the said Commissioners shall be empowered to consider DjJrifions of Parishes, as Parishes for the purposes of the said recited Act.

and of this Act Be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby empowered, to make Grants or Loans, or Grants and Loans, to any such Township, Hamlets, Villa, Chapelries, or other Divisions of Parishes, as may, in the Judgment of the Commissioners, from their Population, require further Accommodation for Divine Service, according to the Rites of the United Church of England and Ireland, although the Population of any such Division may not amount to Four thousand, and although in the whole Parish there may be Accommodation for more than One Fourth Part of the Inhabitants; and the Commissioners may, in every such Case, proceed, in relation to any such Divisions, under the Provisions of the said Act and this Act, in every respect as if they were separate and distinct Parishes; and all the Provisions in the said Act and this Act contained for enabling the said Commissioners to maike Grants or Loans to any Parishes or Extra parochial Places, shall extend and apply and be in full force as to such Divisions of Parishes, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if such Divisions were separate and distinct Parishes, and as if all the Powers, Authorities and Provisions in the said Act and this Act contained, in relation to Parishes, were severally and separately re-enacted as to such Divisions of Parishes.

A.D. 1819. 59° GEORGII IH.

C. 134. 1041

VI. And Whereat a considerable Population is frequently collected together, at the Extremities of and Commissioners

locally situate in Parishes or Extra parochial Places contiguous to each other, at a Distance from the re- may un.ite Parts

spective Churches or Chapels of such respective Parishes or Extra parochial Places* Be it therefore enacted,

That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, with such. Consent as is required by the said recited Act Extra-parochial in the Case of District Parishes, to unite and consolidate any such contiguous Parts of such Parities and Extra Places into parochial Places into a separate and distinct District, for all Ecclesiastical Purposes, and to cause such District separate Ditto be named, ascertained and marked out by described Bounds, and such Name, and the Description of such ^ict^ Eccle-Bounds, when approved by His Majesty in Council, to be enrolled in the High Court of Chancery, and in SULStlcal pi*r-the Office of the Registry of the Diocese to which such District shall belong, under the Provisions of this Act, S^Ioans and to make Grants or Loans for or towards the building of or to build any Chapel or Chapels, with or for building without Cemeteries, in and for the Use of the Inhabitants of any such District, in such Manner and under Chapels for the such Regulations as may, in the Judgment of the Commissioners, appear from the Circumstances to be most °/8Uch expedient, and to conftkute any such District a consolidated Chapelry 5 and every such Chapelry shall be Districts» under the Superintendence of such Spiritual Person as shall be appointed under the Provisions of this Act, an* c?T^t.ute to fenre any such Chapel; and such Spiritual Person shall have Cure of Souls in such District; and the consolidated1 Right of Presentation and Appointment of such Spiritual Person shall thenceforth belong to such Person or Chapelries. Persons, and be exercised in such manner as may be agreed by the several Patrons of the Churches or Chapels Right of Proof such Parishes and Extra parochial Places respectively, with the Approbation of the Commissioners; and senuuion, &«. Banns of Marriage may be published, and Marriages, Christenings, Churchings and Burials may be solemn-ifed and performed in any such Chapel, immediatsy and at all times after the Consecration thereof; and the Pew Rents. Pew Rents in such Chapel shall be fixed, and Salaries to the Minister and Clerk assigned therefrom, in such manner as is directed in the said recited Act or in this Act concerning Pew Rents and Salaries in separate or District Parishes; and all Fees and Offerings which may arise and accrue within such Chapelry, according Fees and to such Table of Fees as the Commissioners shall make, with the Approbation of the Bishop, may be de- Offerings, manded, received, sued for, prosecuted and recovered by the Spiritual Person having Cure of Souls therein, and by the Clerk and Sexton of such Chapelries, in like manner as if every such Chapelry was a distinct Parish; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby required, in every such Case, to ascer- Compensation tain and make Compensation, in manner directed in like Cases under the said recited Act, for any Loss which Inc^mbent may be sustained by the Incumbent of any contiguous Parish or Extra parochial Place which shall form Part pa^ti^Ui of any such District, by reason of any Fees, Oblations and Offerings being transferred to the Spiritual Person*

serving any such Chapel; and all such Chapelries shall be deemed to be Benefices, and be subject to the Jurisdiction of the Bishop and Archdeacon within whose Diocese and Archdeaconry the Altar of such Chapel shall be locally situate, and to all the Laws in force concerning Presentation and Appointment to Benefices Subject to Laws and' Churches, and Lapse, and all other Laws relating to the holding of Benefices and Churches. in force>

VII. And be it further enacted, That in every Case in which the Commissioners shall determine that any Commissioners additional Church or Chapel or Churches or Chapels shall be erected in any Parish or Extra parochial Place, it maylejwlMoiiey shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to require Sites to be provided for the fame, in manner directed by the said recited Act, and to grant or lend Money for the purchasing of Sites, and for theereding, or to ered Determination or build, under the Provisions of the said Act or this Act, any Building or Buildings for the Celebration of as to Division Divine Service according to the Rites of the United Church of England and Ireland, without determining of the Parish, or before the making of any such Reqqifition of Sites, or of any such Grant or Loan, or before the erecting or 8U<*

building any such Church or Chapel, whether the Parish or Extra parochial Place in which the same shall be 5^011*a built, shall be divided into separate and distinct Parishes or Districts for Ecclesiastical Purposes under the churches or Provisions of the said Act, or whether any such Building shall, after the Consecration thereof, be deemed a Chapels when Church or Chapel, or whether the same shall be appropriated to the Accommodation of the Parish at large in built, &c. which the fame is built, or to any particular District or Division or Divisions thereof; any thing in the said recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in ev£ry Case in which the said Commissioners shall be of Opinion In divided that it will be expedient to divide any Parish or Extra parochial Place into Two or more distinct and separate Parishes, Parishes, for Ecclesiastical Purposes, under the Provisions of the said recited Act, it shall be lawful for the ^Iebe> ^nJy said Commissioners, with such Consents as are by the said Act required in such Cases, to apportion the relative

and respective Proportions of Glebe Land, Tithes, Modules or other Endowments or Emoluments, which it to local Situ-may be expedient to assign and attach to each of such respective Divisions, without regard to whether any tion. such respective Proportions of Glebe' Land, Tithes, Modules or other Endowments or Emoluments are locally situate, or arise or accrue within the Division or District to which they may be so assigned, or are locally situate or arise or accrue within the Parish or Extra parochial Place so proposed to be divided, or elsewhere; any thing in the said recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners, with Consent of the Bishop, Commissioners in the Division of any Parish, and of the relative Proportion of Glebe Land, Tithes, Modules or other Endowments, under the Provisions of the said recited Act or this Act, to apportion also the permanent Charges

in respect thereof or in any manner affecting the fame, or the Incumbent for the time being of the said Panfti, nent charges and such Charges so apportioned shall thereafter be borne by and belong to each of the Divisions of such Parish, as well as or by the Spiritual Person serving the fame respectively; any thing in the said recited Act to the contrary Glebe, &c. notwithstanding.

X. And be it further enacted, That when any Parish shall Be divided under the Provisions of the said Clerks and recited Act or this Act, all Fees, Dues, Profits and Emoluments belonging to the Parish Clerk or Sexton Sex^o"* of respectively of any such Parish, whether by Prescription, Usage or otherwise, which shall thereafter arise in p!*£?ons of any Aamn*

iC42 0# 134*

59° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1819.

recover their Fees, &c.

Compensations to Clerks and Sextons.

Commissioners may fix Table of Fees, with Consent of Vestry, &c.

Fees so fixed may be recovered.

New Churches to become distinct Benefices 5 but to be served, during existing Incumbency, by licensed Stipendiary Curates, and be deemed One Church,

Right of Patronage of Parishes divided to belong to the Patron of the original Church, and be exercised after existing Incumbency. And the Churches sub-je : t to Laws in force

Until Incumbents of Divisions presented, Cure to remain in original Incumbent.

Churchwardens, with Consent of Vestry, &c. may raise Money upouXredit of Rates for Repair of Churches, &c.

Bodies Politic, &c. empowered to give up Rights of Patronage, or enter into Agreements, &c. and k endow Chapel?.

any District or Division of any Parish divided under the Provisions of the said recited Act, shall belong to and be recoverable by the Clerks and Sextons respectively of each of the Divisions respectively of the rariih to which they shall be assigned, in like manner in every respect and after the fame Rate as they were before recoverable by the Clerk and Sexton respectively of the original Parish; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners in every such Case to ascertain and make Compensation, in manner directed by the said recited Act in Cases of Compensation by reason of Loss of Fees, for any Loss of Fees, Dues* Profits and Emoluments which any Clerk or Sexton may sustain by reason of any such Division.

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners and they are hereby empowered to make and fix any Table of Fees for any Parish, with the Consent of the Vestry or Select Vestry, or Persons exercising the rowers of Vestry in such Parish, and also to make and fix any such Table of Fees for any Extra parochial Place, or in or for any District Chapelry or Parochial Chapelry in which any Church or Chapel shall be built or appropriated under the Provisions of the said recited Act or this Act, with the Consent nevertheless, in all such Cases, of the Bishop of the Diocese; and all Fees so fixed may be demanded, received, sued for, prosecuted and recovered, by the Spiritual Person or Clerk or Sexton to whom the same shall be assigned, in like manner and by such and the fame means as any ancient legal Fees of a like Nature may be sued for, prosecuted and recovered.

XII. And be it further enacted, That all Churches which shall be built or acquired under the Provisions of the said Act or this Act, whether belonging to Parishes completely divided or to District Parishes, shall immediately after the Consecration thereof become and be deemed to be and be distinct Benefices and Churches for all Ecclesiastical Purposes: Provided always, that during the Incumbency of the then existing Incumbent of the Parish, except as herein after excepted, such Churches shall be served by licensed Stipendiary Curates, appointed by the existing Incumbent, and subject ter all the Laws in force relating to Stipendiary Curates, except as to the assigning Salaries to such Curates by the Bishop of the Diocese; and every such existing Incumbent shall, until his Death or other Avoidance, continue to hold all the Churches of the several Divisions

of his Parish as if they were One Church, unlefa he shall voluntarily resign One or more of them; any Statute or Law against Plurality of Benefices, or any thing contained in the said recited Act or any other Act or Acts of Parliament, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Right of Presentation and Appointment of the Spiritual Persons to be the respective Incumbents of or to serve the Churches of the several Parishes created by the complete Division of any Parish under the Provisions of the said recited Act or this Act, shall in every Case belong to the Patron of the Church of the original Parish 5 and the Exercise of such Right of Present-ation or Appointment shall commence on the Death or other Avoidance of the existing Incumbent, except in any Case in which the Division of any Parish shall have been made, or in which the Commissioners shall have declared their Intention of dividing any Parish, before or during any Avoidance, in which Cases the Exercise of such Right of Presentation or Appointment shall commence upon the Qonfecration of the Church or Churches respectively of any such Division; and the several Churches erected in and for such Divisions respectively, shall immediately upon Consecration become Benefices, and subject to all the Laws in force concerning Presentations and Appointments to Benefices and Churches, and Lapse, and all other Laws, Provisions and Regulations relating to the holding of Benefices and Churches; any thing in the said recited Act or in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that the Spiritual Care and Superintendence of every Parish so divided during Avoidance, shall, until Incumbents shall have been presented or appointed for the Divisions thereof, continue in the Spiritual Person who shall be the Incumbent of the original Parish; and such Spiritual Person shall receive all Emoluments accruing- and arising within the Parish during such Superintendence.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Churchwardens of any Parish, with the Consent of the Vestry, or Persons possessing the Powers of Vestry, and with the Consent of the Bishop and Incumbent, and they are hereby authorised and empowered, to borrow and raise upon the Credit of the Church Rates, or of any Rates made under the said recited Act or this Act, of any such Parish, such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be necessary for defraying the Expence of repairing any Churches or Chapels; and they are hereby empowered and required, in any Case in which nich Money shall have been borrowed, to raise by Rate a Sum sufficient from time to time to pay the Interest of the Money so borrowed, and not less than Ten per Cent. of the Principal Sum borrowed, out of the Produce of such Rates, until the whole of the Money so borrowed shall be repaid.

XV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for all Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Tenants for Life or in Tail, Husbands, Guardians, Trustees, and Feoffees in Trust, Committees, Executors and Administrators, and all other Persons and Trustees whomsoever, not only for or on behalf of themselves, their Heirs and Successors, but also for and on behalf of Cestuique Trusts, whether Infants, Issue unborn, Lunatics, Idiots, Femes Covert, or other Person or Persons, and to and for all Femes Covert, who are or shall be possessed of or entitled to or interested in their own Right, and for every other Persons whomsoever who shall be possessed of or entitled to or interested in any Right of Patronage, or of Presentation or Appointment {6 any Benefice, Donative, Perpetual Curacy, or of any Spiritual Person to any Church or Chapel, or the Performance of any Ecclesiastical Duties in any Church or Chapel, to surrender any such Right of Patronage, Presentation or Appointment, or enter into or make any Agreement relating thereto with the said Commissioners, or the Bishop of the Diocese, for the purpose of regulating the fame, according to* the Provisions of this Act; and it shall also be lawful for any such Bodies or persons as aforesaid to endow, or agree to the Endowment of any Chapel heretofore

1043

A.D. 1819. 59° GEORGII III. C. 134.

tofore built out of the Pew Rents thereof; any thing contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament, or in any Deed or Deeds, or any Trusts relating thereto respectively, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners, in the same manner and with the like Consents as are required in case of Division into Ecclesiastical Districts under the said Vecited Ad or this Act, to assign a particular District to any Chapel of Ease or Parochial Chapel already existing, or to any Ch&pel built, or which may hereafter be built or acquired under the Powers of the said Act or this Act; and such District shall be under the immediate Care of the Curate appointed to serve such Chapel, but subject nevertheless to the Superintendence and Controul of the Incumbent of the Parish Church; and all such Curates shall be nominated by the Incumbent of the Parish to the Bishop for his Licence, except where the Right of Nomination shall already be legally vested in any other Person or Persons, and in every such Case by the Person or Persons possessing such Right of Nomination; subject to all the Laws in force relating to Stipendiary Curates, except as to the aligning of Salaries to such Curates: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the Commissioners, with the Consent of the Bishop of the Diocese, to determine whether any and what Part or Proportion of the Fees or Dues for Marriages, Baptisms, Churchings and Burials, shall be assigned to any such Curate, and whether Banns of Marriage shall be published, and Marriages or Baptisms, Churchings or Burials, shall be solemnised or performed in any such Chapel, or not; and in any Case in which Marriages shall be allowed in any such Chapel, the Commissioners shall cause the Boundaries of the District assigned to such Chapel to be enrolled in the High Court of Chancery, and in the Office of the Registry of the Diocese, any thing in the said recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding; and no such Chapelry shall become a Benefice by reason of any Augmentation of the Maintenance of the Curate, by any Grant or Bounty under the Provision of any Act or Acts of Parliament, or Law or Laws for augmenting Small Livings; any thing in such Act or Acts of Parliament, or Law or Laws, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That all Acts of Parliament, Laws and Customs relating to publishing Banns of Marriage, Marriages, Christenings, Churchings and Burials, and the registering thereof, and to all Ecclesiastical Fees, Oblations or Offerings, shall apply to all Districts and Consolidated or District Chapelries and Divisions of any Parishes or Extra parochial Places, whereof the Boundaries shall be enrolled in the High Court of Chancery under the Provisions of the said recited Act and this Act 5 and in the Churches and Chapels whereof Banns of Marriage shall be allowed to be published, and Marriages, Christenings, Churchings and Burials, or any of them, shall be allQwed to be solemnised, and to the Churches and Chapels thereof, and to the Ecclesiastical Persons having Cure of Souls therein, or serving the fame, in like manner in every respect as if the fame respectively had been ancient, separate and distinct Parishes and Parish Churches by Law, to all Intents and Purposes.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That every Apportionment of Glebe Land, Tithes, Modules and other Endowments and Emoluments, and of any Fees, Oblations, Offerings, or other Ecclesiastical Dues or Profits, and also of all permanent and other Charges made under the Provisions of the said recited Act or this Act, and also the Description of Boundaries assigned to Chapels under this Act, in which no Marriages shall be allowed to be solemnised, and all Tables of Fees made under the Provisions of this Act, shall be registered in the Registry of the Diocese to which the Parish, in relation to which any such Apportionment shall be made, shall be or be locally situate, and not enrolled in the Court of Chancery; any thing in the said recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That no Chapel built or acquired under the Provisions of the said recited Act, which shall be situate in any District Parish made a Parish for Ecclesiastical Purposes under the Provisions of the said recited Act, and which shall not be or be made the Church of such District, shall be or be deefned to be a perpetual Curacy, or considered in Law as a Benefice Presentative under the Provisions of the said recited Act, any thing therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, by and with the Consent of the Lord High Treasurer of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or any Three or more of them, in Writing, or for His Majesty, by any Grant signed by the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster for the time being, or for the Duke of Cornwall, by any Grant signed by the Chancellor of the Duchy of Cornwall for the time being, or for any Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, 'or Corporation Aggregate or Sole, to give and grant any Stone, Slate Or Timber, or other Materials respectively, from any Quarries, Forests or Wastes belonging to His Majesty or the Duke of Cornwall\ or any such Body respectively, for or towards the building of any Churches or Chapels under the Provisions of the said recited Act or this Act, and any House or Appurtenances and Garden for the Residence of the Spiritual Person who may serve the Church or Chapel 5 any thing in any Statute or Act of Parliament or Law or Charter to the contrary notwithstanding '

XXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Customs and Excise of England^ Ireland and Scotland respectively, and with the Consent and under the Authority in Writing of the Lord High Treasurer of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or for any Three dr more of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being respectively, to remit all or any Proportion of the Duties of Custom or Excise respectively, or to order the lame to be drawn back or repaid, for, upon or in respect of any Stoite, Slate, Bricks, Timber or other Materials, which shall be bond Jide procured for and used in the building of any Churches or Chapels under the Provisions of the said recited Act or this Act 5 and such Duties shall in every such Case be remitted, drawn back, or repaid, as the case may be, under such Rules, Regulations and Restrictions, and in such manner as shall be ordered and

directed

Commissioners may assign Districts to Chapels under Care of Curates subject to Controul of Incumbents.

Commissioners, with Consent of Bishop, may determine what Fees for Marriages, &c. shall be assigned.

No Chapelry to become a Benefice by Augmentation of Curate's Maintenance. All Acts of Parliament, &c. relating to publishing Banns of Marriage, &c. to apply to Churches and Chapels of Districts.

Apportionments of Glebe &c. registered in Registry of Diocese, and not inrolled in Chancery.

No Chapels built under 58 G. 3. c. 45. deemed perpetual Curacies, &c.

Commissioners of Woods and Forests, &c. with Consent of Treasury, may grant Materials for building Churches and Chapels.

Commissioners of Customs, &c. with Consent of Treasury, may remit Duties of Customs or Excise on Materials used for building of Churches.

1044 C. 134.

59° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1819.

Commissioners may grant Money for providing Sites, without requiring Repayment or Secu-

Act: and may purchase or grant Money for purchasing, &c. Cemeteries, &c.

Church or Chapelwardens empowered to levy Rates.

Not deemed Overseers of the Poor.

58 G. 3. c. 45. §6c.

directed by the Lord High Treasurer or any Three or more of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury in that behalf; any thing in any A A or A Act of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners, and they are hereby authorised and empowered, in any Case or Cases in which they shall deem it expedient, from the Amount or Description of the Population of any Parish, Township, Hamlet, Vill, Chapelry or other Division of any Parish, and the Amount of the Rates paid therein, or any other good and fumcient Cause, to grant Money for or toward the Purchase of Sites, or to treat by themselves or their Agents for the Purchase of Sites for the building of Churches or Chapels, with or without Cemeteries, and without requiring or demanding Re-

rity, as required payment or Security for the Repayment of the Money so granted or expended in the Purchase of

under recited such Sites or Cemeteries, from the Parishes or Divisions of rarilhes for which such Sites shall be so

provided; and it shall also be lawful for the said Commissioners to purchase or grant Money for the purchasing of Cemeteries not within the Bounds of the Parish for which the same shall be provided, or for enlarging Cemeteries or providing additional Cemeteries within such Parish respectively; all which Cemeteries, it not within the Bounds of such Parish, shall, after Consecration, be deemed Part of the Parrih for the Use of which they shall have been purchased or provided; any thing in the said recited Act, or in any Act or Acts of Parliament or Law or Laws, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Churchwarden or Chapelwarden of any Parish or Division of any Parish, or of any Consolidated or District Chapelry, in which any Rates shall be made under the Provisions of the said recited Act or this Act, to demand, receive, sue for, levy and recover all such Rates, by all such Ways and Means as any Church Rates may be demanded, sued for, levied and recovered, as fully and effectually as if all Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Penalties and Forfeitures relating to the demanding, suing for, levying and recovering of any Churph Rates, or for any Refusal to pay any like Rates, were specially enacted for that Purpose in the fetid recited Act and this Act: Provided always, that any Churchwardens or Chapelwardens appointed under the Provisions of the said recited Act or this Act, shall not in virtue of such Office be deemed Overseers of the Poor.

XXIV. And Whereas it is by the said recited Act enacted, that no Application and Offer to build or to ' enlarge any Church or Chapel, either wholly or in part, by means of Rates, shall be made, unless Two third

Parts in Value of the Proprietors of Messuages, Lands and Tenements within the Parish shall have consented ' thereto in Writing; and it is expedient that such Provision should be repealed, and other Provisions made in

lieu thereof* Be it therefore enacted, That so much of the said recited Act as requires the Consent of such Proportion of Proprietors of Lands, in manner directed by the said Act, shall be and the fame is hereby

No Application repealed; and that from and after the passing of this Act, no Application and Offer to build or enlarge any

to build or en- Church or Chapel, either wholly or in part, shall be made, nor shall any Church or Chapel be built or

rebuilt or enlarged, or any Purchase made of any new or additional Burial Ground, by means of any Rates

upon any Parish, in any Case in which One third Part or more in Value, such Value to be ascertained by an

Average of the Rate for the Relief of the Poor for the preceding Three Years, of the Proprietors of Messuages, - Lands and Tenements within such Parish, whether for £ dates of Freehold or Copyhold, or by virtue of Leases for Terms of Years absolute, whereof not less than Fifteen Years shall be unexpired* or determinable upon a Life or Lives, shall dissent therefrom; such Dissent to be entered in the Book containing the Proceedings of the Vestry, and to be signified, in case of any future Veftiy, within Two Months after any Resolution for the purposes aforesaid, of such Vestry or SeleA Vestry as aforesaid 5 and in case of any Vestry already holden, at which such Resolution shall have been passed within Two Months from the passing of this Act, under the Hands of such Proprietors and Persons interested as aforesaid; and in case of Corporations Aggregate, under the Hand of the President, Head or Chief Member thereof for the time being; and in cale of Femes Covert, Minors, insane Persons and Persons absent from the Kingdom, under the Hands of their respective Husbands, Guardians, Committees, Trustees, Attornies or Agents, who are hereby respectively authorised to (ign such Dissents; and in cases of Trustees of Charitable Institutions, under the Hands of the major Part of the Trustees, or of any such Body of any such Trustees as may under their respective Trusts be authorised to a A in the Execution of the Trusts.

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall he lawful for the Inhabitants of any Parish, who shall be assembled and present at any Vestry, or the major Part of the Inhabitants so assembled and present at any such Vestry, of which Notice shall have been given upon Two successive Sundays preceding the Meeting of such Vestry, or for Two third Parts of such of the Persons exercising the Powers of Vestry in such Parish as shall be assembled at any Meeting, of which due Notice shall have been given according to raised for build- the Mode of giving-Notices for the assembling of such Persons, to order and direct the making and raising of ing or enlarg- any Rate, not exceeding the Amount of One Shilling in the Pound in any One Year, or the Amount of Chapel, without ^ive Shillings in the Pound in the whole, upon the Annual Value of the Property in the Parish, for the such Proportion purpose of building or enlarging any Church or Churches, or Chapel or Chapels, either wholly or in part, of Consents of by means of Rates, without any further or other or any greater Number of Contents of any Inhabitants or Proprietors, or Occupiers or other Persons; any thing in the said recited Act to die contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that no greater or larger Rate tl^n aforesaid shall be ordered or directed to be made or raised, in relation to any Application or Offer to build or to enlarge any Church or Chapel, either wholly or in part, by means of Rates, if any such Proportion of Dissents as are in this Act specified are signified in Writing in manner directed by this A A; and every such Order and DireAioa so made as aforesaid, under the Provisions of this Act, shall be imperative upon the Churchwardens or Chapelwardens of the Panfti in which such Order shall be made, who shall forthwith make and raise, and levy and colleA the Rate so ordered, for the purpose of the said recited Act and this Act, any thing in the said necited AA or any other Act or A&t

of

repealed.

large Church, &c« made, if One-third of Proprietors of Messuages, &c. in Value dissent

Manner of signifying such Dissents.

Rate not exceeding is. in the Pound in any one Year, or 5s. in the whole, may be

Proprietors,

&c. as is required by recited Act.

Proviso as to dissent in case of a larger Rate.

Order to raise Rate imperative.

c.

1045

A.D. 1819. 59° GEORGII III. C. 134.

of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding; and every such Rate shall be made, raised, Jjevied, collected, received and accounted for in like manner, and with all such Powers, Authorities, Provisoes Cnd Regulations, and under and subject to such Penalties and Forfeitures, as are in Law applicable to the making, raising, levying and collecting any Church Rate in any Parish.

XaVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners, in any Case in which they shall deem it expedient, from time to time to order and direct that the Rents of the Pews in any Church or Chapel built, acquired or appropriated under the Provisions of the said recited Act or this Act, shall be assigned to the Parish or District, and received by the Churchwardens or Chapelwardens in such Parish or District, who shall thereupon be required to pay the Stipend which from time to time may be assigned or fixed under the Provisions of this Act to the Minister or Clerk: Provided always, that the Parish shall not in any such Case be answerable to such Minister or Clerk for any greater Sum in each Year than the Amount of the Rent of the Pews which shall have been actually let during the preceding Year in any such Church or Chapel; and any Surplus of Pew Rents, remaining after Payment of such Stipend and other Expences, shall, except in any of the Cases next herein after mentioned, be inverted in Government Securities, in the Name of Trustees to be appointed by the Bishop of the Diocese, and suffered to accumulate for the purpose of forming a Fund for the building or purcnafing of a House, with the Consent and Approbation of the Bishop, for the Residence of the Spiritual Person serving the Church or Chapel; and after - the Completion of such purpose, then to the Augmentation of the Stipend of such Spiritual Person, or to the Reduction of the Pew Rents, or the Increase of the Accommodation in any such Church or Chapel, in such manner as shall be directed by the Bishop of the Diocese for the time being.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Surplus of such Pew Rents remaining, after Payment of such Stipend and other Expences, shall, in any Case in which the Commissioners shall think k expedient, be charged and chargeable with and applied towards the Payment of any Sum, or Sums of Money which may be borrowed or advanced by way of Loan, at Interest, or by way ot Annuity or otherwise, for or towards the building any such Church or Chapel, or for the purchaung any Site or Sites for the fame, and defraying all Expences relative thereto, and in keeping such Church or Chapel in repair 5 and th*e Residue of such Pew Rents, if any, shall be paid and applied in manner hereinbefore directed, or in aid of the Church Rate to be raised in such Parish, if the Commissioners shall so think fit; and that it shall and may be lawful for such Churchwardens or Chapelwardens, with the Consent of the Commissioners, to borrow and take up at Interest, or by way of Annuity or otherwise, any Sum or Sums of Money for or towards the building such Church or Chapel, or purchasing such Site or Sites, or defraying the Expences relative thereto, upon the Credit of such Pew Rents, and by Writing under their Hands to charge such Pew Rents, subject to such Stipend and Expence as aforesaid, with the Payment to any Person or Persons of any such Sum or Sums of Money, with Interest, or with any such Annuity or Annuities as aforesaid, in such manner as such Churchwardens or Chapelwardens shall from time to time think fit.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That every Asignment of any Stipend to any Minister, or Clerk, under the Provision of the said recited Act and this Act, shall be registered in the Registry of the Diocese to which the Parish shall belong.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That the Clerk in every Church and Chapel erected, built or acquired, or appropriated under the Provisions of thfc said recited Act or this Act, shall be annually appointed by the Minister of the Church or Chapel.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That in every District, Parish, or Division of any Parish or District* Chapelry or Consolidated Chapelry, in which any Church or Chapel shall be built, acquired or appropriated under the Provisions of the said recited Act or this Act, in which there shall not be a distinct Vestry belonging to such District or Division, a Sele6i Vestry, confiding of so many Persons as shall be directed by the Commissioners in that behalf, shall be appointed by the Commissioners, with the Advice of the Bishop of the Diocese, out of the substantial Inhabitants of the District or Division, or District Chapelry Qr Consolidated Chapelry, for the Care and Management of the Concerns of the Church or Chapel, and all Matters and Things relating thereto 5* and such Select Veftiy shall annually elect or appoint the Churchwarden or Chapel warden to be named on the part of the Parish or Chapelry, and shall elect new Members of such Vestry as Vacancies may arise by Death, Resignation or ceasing to inhabit the Parish; and proper Pews shall be assigned and provided in every such Church and Chapel for the Use of the Church or Chapelwardens thereof.

XXXI. And Whereas Circumstancet may arise in which it may become expedient and necessary to alter

the Rents at which Pews may be let, in any Churches or Chapels built or provided under the Provisions of the said recited Act and this AdBe it therefore further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the .Churchwardens and Chapelwardens of any such Church or Chapel, and they are hereby required, when ordered and directed so to do by the Bishop of the Diocese, with the Consent of the Patron and Incumbent, and in any Case in, which the Pew Rents shall have been assigned to the Parish, then with the Consent of the Vestry of the Parish, to make such Alteration in any such Pew Rents as shall be directed or approved of, with such Consent as aforesaid*

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the Churchwardens or Chapelwardens of any additional Church or Chapel, to let or fell any Pews and Seats, except to Parishioners, during the time such Parishioners shall continue to be Inhabitants of the Parish; and every Sale of any Pew or Seat shall be subject to such referred Rent as shall have been fixed under the Provisions of the said recited A.d or this Act, and shall be by Private .Contract, and not by Public Auction 5 and all Pew Rents under the said recited Act and this Act, shall be payable in advance; (that is to say), One Year's Rent shall be paid on the 59 Geo. III. 6S Admission

Commissioners may assign Pew Rents to Parish, and order a fixed Stipend to Minister.

Proviso as to Parish being answerable for more than Amount of Pew Rents.

Application of Part of Surplus.

Surplus of Pew Rents, after such Application, how to be disposed of.

Assignment of Stipend registered.

Appointment of Clerk.

Appointment by Commissioners of Select Vestry for Management of New Churches.

Such Vestry to appoint Church or Chapelwardens.

Church and Chapelwardens may alter Pew Rents, by order of Bishop, and with Consent of Patron, &p.

Pews to be let to Parishioners only, and not sola by Auction; Rents payable in advance*

How Pew forfeited.

How far Commissioners may discharge Subscribers from Payment of Pew Rents, &c. Unconsecrated Lands, &c. acquired by Commissioners, to vest in the Crown, and applied as herein mentioned.

Commissioners of Stamps may allow Stamp Duties on Contracts, &c. relating to building Churches.

Parishes, &c. to furnish Lands when required by Commissioners, for Burial Grounds.

Notice by Commissioners.

Proviso where Parishes, &c. not able to provide such Land

Powers of 58 G. 3. c. 45. as to purchasing Lands for building Churches, extended to Lands for additional Churchyards, drc.

Additional Burial Grounds to be consecrated.

C. 134. 59° GEORGII 1IL, A.D. 1819.

Adttiiffion to the Pew or Seat, if such Admission shall be given at Lady Day or Michaelmas* or if at any intermediate Period, then the Proportion of the Half Year to Lady Day or Michaelmas, as the case may be, and a Half Year's Rent over and above such Proportion; and thereafter Half Yearly Payments shall be made in advance, commencing on the Lady Day or Michaelmas immediately following the taking of such Pew 5 and every such Pew and Seat shall be forfeited and become vacant by the Discontinuance of any such Payment in advance for Two following Half Years any thing in the said recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners to discharge any Subscribers towards building any Church or Chapel, wholly or in any part, from the Payment of Pew Rents in the said Church or Chapel, for a limited time or for Life, in such Proportion to the Amount of their respective Subscriptions as the Commissioners shall see fit; and to allow any such Subscribe^, if he shall remove from the Parish, to assign the Remainder of such Term to any other Parishioner inhabiting the Pariftt*

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments which shall have been acquired by the Commissioners under the said recited Act and this Act, whether by Gift or otherwise, shall happen to remain unconsecrated at the End of the Term of Ten Years therein mentioned, or at any other Determination of any Commission granted by 'His Majesty under the said recited Act or this Act, such unconsecrated Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments shall be immediately veiled in His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, to be applied to the UfeS, Intents and Purposes for which they were acquired, under the Direction of His Majesty in Council; unless or until any other Provision respecting the same shall be made by Authority of Parliament.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners for managing the Duties on Stamped Vellum, Parchment or Paper, to allow the full Amount of the Stamp Duties upon any Deeds, Bonds, Contrafts, Agreements or Instruments made in relation to the purchasing or procuring of any Sites, or building any Churches, or purchasing or providing any Materials for any such Buildings, under and subject to such Rules, Regulations and Restrictions as shall be made in that behalf by the Lord High Treasurer or the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom, or any Three or more of them, for the time being 5 any thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That all such Parishes and Extra parochial Places as shall be required by the Commissioners for executing the said recited Act and this Act, shall furnish Lands for enlarging such existing Churchyards or Burial Grounds, or for making such additional Churchyards or Burial Grounds, as the Commissioners may deem necessary to be enlarged or set out under the Provisions of this Act; and that as foofl as the Commissioners shall have fixed upon any Parish or Extra parochial Place, as being one in which it is necessary that the Churchyard or Burial Ground should be enlarged, or that a new Burial Ground should be made under the Provision3 of this Act, they shall give Notice to the Churchwardens thereof, by causing such Notice to be left at their respective Places of Abode, of their Intention to enlarge such Churchyard or Burial Ground, or to set out a new Burial Ground, and of the Extent of Ground which will be required for any such purpose, and for making a proper Access and Approach thereto, and of the Part of the Parish or Extra parochial Place within which the fame is required to be provided 5 and the said Churchwardens shall, within the Space of Fourteen Days, call a Meeting of the Vestry of the Parish or Extra parochial Place, or the Persons possessing under any Act or Acts of Parliament the Power of Vestry of the Parish or Extra parochical Place, for the purpose of taking all such Measures as may be necessary for providing such additional Churchyard or Burial Ground and Approach thereto as aforesaid; and in case such Parish or Extra parochial Place shall not be able to provide the fame without Purchase, then the Vestry, or the Persons possessing as aforesaid the Powers of Vestry, shall and are hereby required forthwith to proceed to treat for a Piece of Ground and Approach thereto, according to such Notice, but shall not conclude any Bargain for the fame without the Approbation of the Commissioners.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That all the Powers and Provisions of the said recited Act or of this Act, which authorise or relate to the Grant, Sale, Conveyance, Purchase and Refale of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, from or in the Name of or on behalf of His Majesty, or from any Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Tenants for Life or in Tail, Husbands, Guardians, Trustees and Feoffees in Trust, Committees, Executors and Administrators, Cestuique Trulls, Infants, Lunatics, Idiots, Femes Covert, or any other Person or Persons whomsoever, to or by the said Commissioners, for the purpose of building any additional Churches or Chapels, or the issuing, advancing, levying or raising, or borrowing or taking up at Interest, of any Money for any such purpose, shall be and are hereby declared to be extended to and be applicable in all respects, mutatis mutandis, for the Grant, Sale, Conveyance, Purchase or Refale of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments which may be necessary for enlarging any Churchyard or Burial Ground, or for making any new Burial Ground and Approaches thereto, under the Provisions of this Act, and for the issuing, adyancing, levying and raising, or borrowing and taking up at Interest, of any Money which may be required for any of those purposes, and for repaying the fame by Instalments or otherwise, in like manner as if all such Powers and Provisions had been fully repeated and re-enacted in this Act.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That any Piece or Parcel of Land or Ground which shall, under the Provisions of this Act, be added to any existing Churchyard or Burial Grourtd, or be appropriated and set apart as and for a new Burial Ground, shall be, as soon as conveniently may be, consecrated for the Burial of the Dead, according to the Usage of the United Church of England and Ireland, and shall for ever thereafter be used as and for an additional Burial Ground 5 and the Freehold of the Land which shall be so consecrated, shall from and after the Consecration thereof vest in the Person or Persons in whom the Freehold of the ancient Churchyard or Burial Ground of any such Parish or Chapelry where the fame may be situated, shall from time to time be veiled.

A.D. 1819. 59° GEORGII III. C. 134, 135.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be (awful for the said Commissioners, if they should think fit, to alter, repair, pull down and r&uild, or order or dhne6t to be altered, repaired, pulled down and rebuilt, the Walls or Fences of any existing Churchyard or Burial Ground of any Parish or Chapelry, and to fence off with Walls or otherwise, any additional or new Burial Ground, to be tet out or provided by virtue of this Act 5 and also to flop up and discontinue, or alter or vary, or order to be flopped up and discontinued, or altered or varied, any Entrance or Gate leading into any Churchyard or Burial Ground, and the Paths, Footways and Passages into, through or over the fame, as to them may appear useless and unnecessary, or as they shall think fit to alter or vary; provided that the fame be done with the Consent of any Two Justices of the Peace of the County, City, Town or Place, where any such Entrance, Gate, Path or Passage shall be flopped up or altered*and on Notice being given in the Manner and Form prescribed by an Act passed in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend an Act of the Thirteenth Tear of Hie present Majesty, for the Amendment and Preservation of the Public Highways, in so far as the fame relates to Notice of Appeal against turning 4>r diverting a Public Highway; and to extend the Provifxons of the same Act to the flopping up of unnecessary Roads.

XL. And be it further enacted, That when any Parish shall be desirous of extending and increasing the Accommodation in the Parish Church, and it shall be found necessary or expedient to that end to take down the existing Church and to rebuild the fame* on the fame Site, or on a more convenient Site, it shall and may be lawful for the Churchwardens of any such Parish, with the Consent of the Vestry, or Persons possessing the Powers of Vestry, and with the Consent also of the Ordinary, Patron, Incumbent and Lay Impropriator, if any such there be, to take down such existing Church, and to rebuild the fame upon the fame or upon a new Site; and the said Churchwardens are hereby authorised and empowered to borrow and raise, upon the Credit of the Church Rates, or any Rates made under the said recited Act or this Act, of any such Parish, such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be necessary for defraying the Expence or any Part of the Expence of the taking down and rebuilding such Church, and to make Rates for the Payment of the Interest of such Sum or Sums of Money so to he borrowed and raised, and for providing a Fund, of not less than the Amount of the Interest of the Sum advanced, for the Repayment of the Principal thereof, or for repaying such Principal in such manner, and at such times, and in such Proportions as shall be agreed upon with the Persons advancing any such Money: Provided always, that no Church shall be so taken down and rebuilt, by means of any Rates upon any Parish, if such Proportion of Dissents as are in this Act specified in relation to any Application to build or to enlarge any Church or Chapel, either wholly or in part, by means of Rates, are signined in Writing in manner directed by this Act; and such Church, when consecrated, shall be to all Intents and Purposes the Parish Church of such Parish, for the Celebration of J3ivine Offices, and the Solemnization of Marriages, according to the Rites and Ceremonies of the Church of England: Provided always, that One Half of the addition^ Accommodation, which shall be obtained by the rebuilding such Church, shall be set apart for free and open Sittings: And provided also, that all Persons enjoying any Pews or Sittings within such Church, so to be taken down in virtue of any Faculty or Prescription, shall have a Pew or Pews, Sitting or Sittings, as near as may be in the fame Situation, and of like Dimensions, allotted and set apart for them in such new Church $ and that all Tomb Stones, Monuments and Monumental Inscriptions, in such Church so to be taken down, shall be carefully preserved by the Churchwardens, and when the said Church shall be rebuilt, on the fame or a more convenient Site, the said Tomb Stones, Monuments and Monumental Inscriptions shall be set up by the said Churchwardens, at the Charge of the Parish, in such New Church, a? near as Circumstances will admit, in the Situations from whence they were removed in the said Church so to be taken down.

XLL. And Whereas particular and special Circumstances may in certain Cases render it necessary, for the more effectual carrying into Execution the beneficial purposes of this Act, in certain Parishes, Divisions of Parishes, or Extra parochial Places, that particular Acts of Parliament should be passed for such Parishes, Divisions and Places; Be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, in any such Case in which they shall deem it proper, to pay or advance Money for the Payment of any Fees which may become due and be payable in either House of Parliament in respect of the passing of any such Act or Acts of Parliament; and that such Fees may be paid out of any Money in the Hands of the Commissioners* arising out of any Exchequer Bills under the Provisions of this Act; and that such Acts shall in11 other respeas be considered as Public Acts.

CAP. CXXXV.

An Act to repeal Two Acts, made in the Fifty fourth and Fifty fifth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for maintaining and keeping in repair certain Roads and Bridges in Scotland;

to provide more effectually for that Purpose \ and for Regulation of Ferries in Scotland.

[13th JWy 1819.]

WHEREAS certain Roads and Bridges, for the purpose of Military Communication, have been made*W in the Highlands of Scotland, at the public Expence; which Roads and Bridges are no longer necessary for such Military Communication, but for other purposes some of them ought nevertheless to be maintained in repair: And Whereas an Act was passed in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for granting to His Majesty the Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds, to be issued and applied towards making Roads and building Bridges in the Highlands of Scotland, and for enabling the Proprietors of Land in Scotland to charge their Estates with a Proportion of the Expence of making and keeping in Repair Roads and Bridges in the Highlands of Scotland: And Whereas, in addition to the said Sum of

6 S 2 4 Twenty

1047

Commissioners may alter, &c. Walls and Fences of Churchyards, and vary, &c. Footpaths,

55 G. 3. c. 68.

Rates may be laid on any Parish for rebuilding or enlarging the Church.

Money may be borrowed upon Rates, &c.

No Church taken down, Sec. if Dissent signified as herein mentioned.

Proviso for free and open Sittings, and for Situation and Dimensions of New Pews, and for Tomb Stones, &c.

Commissioners may discharge the Parliament ary Fees of obtaining certain Acts.

Such Aots to be deemed Public Aots.

43 c.

1048 C. 135.

59° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1819.

repealed.

Appointment of Commissioners

Commissioners may appoint Officers;

and pay Compensation for Service, &c.

1 Twenty thousand Pounds, the further Sum of Two hundred and twenty thousand Pounds has at sundry times been since granted, in further Execution of the said Act; by m&ns of which many useful Roads and

Bridges have been made and completed, under several Contrafts and Agreements entered into according to

54 G. 3 c. 104.«the Provisions and Regulations of the said Act: And Whdreas another Act was passed in the Fifty fourth

1 Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for maintaining and keeping in Repair certain 1 Roads and Bridges made in Scotland for the purpose of Military Communication, and for making more effectual

Provision for maintaining and repairing Roads made and Bridges built in Scotland, under the Authority of the 1 Parliamentary Commissioners for Highland Roads and Bridges: And Whereas another Act was passed in the

55 G. 3. c. 121. Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to amend and explain the said last recited Act, which

Two A (Els require to be amended; and it is expedient that the Provisions thereof Should be consolidated in

one Act May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the faihe, That from and Sifter the passing of this Act, the said Two recited Acts, passed in the Fifty fourth and Fifty fifth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, shall be and the same are hereby repealed, and this Act shall be in force and be executed in lieu thereof.

II. And be it enacted, That the Commissioners appointed in and by virtue of the Act passed in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, shall be and they are hereby appointed Commissioners for the 4?G.13 fgo. purposes of this Act, together with the Lord Keeper of the Privy Seal of Scotland, and the First Commissioner of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues in England, who are hereby appointed Commissioners for carrying this Act, and also the before mentioned Act, into execution; any Three of which Commissioners shall constitute a Quorum, of which One of the Commissioners appointed by virtue of his Office shall always be One 5 and at all Meetings of the Commissioners, which Meetings shall be held in London or Westminster, the Chairman shall have the calling Vote in case of an Equality of Votes.

1 III. And Whereas it is expedient that the Maintenance and Repair of the before mentioned Military Roads and Bridges, and also of the Roads and Bridges made under the Authority of the Parliamentary Commissioners for Highland Roads and Bridges, Should be placed under the Direction and Management of the Commissioners hereby appointed Be it enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby empowered to appoint and employ an Inspector of such Roads and Bridges in Scotland as have been made wholly or in part at the public Expence, and such other Superintendents or Oveneers of Roads and other Officers as they shall see fit 5 and to pay and allow to each and every of them such Sum or Sums of Money annually or otherwise as the said Commissioners shall think proper, in Compensation of their Services, or in Remuneration of any Expences incurred by them, or any of them, in Execution of this Act.

IV. And be it enacted, That the Military Roads and Bridges, and also the Roads and Bridges made and completed pursuant to the said recited Act, passed in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty and also that Part of the Great North Road extending from the Confines of Invcmefsshire. to the Town of Dingwall, and also a Road turning off from the Great North Road at the Novar Deer Park, and extending to the Town of Tainy shall be maintained and kept in Repair as follows; that is to say, a certain Proportion* being One Fourth Part of the Expence necessary to maintain and keep in Repair such Roads and Bridges (excTulive of the Allowances to the Inspector and other Officers appointed by the Commissioners, which Allowances shall be wholly defrayed at the Expence of the Public) shall be paid and defrayed out of the Monies imprested into the Hands of the Commissioners by the Barons of the Exchequer in Scotland, as herein after directed; and the Remainder of the Expence of maintaining and keeping in Repair such Roads and Bridges, shall be paid and defrayed by the County or Counties in which the same shall be situated, in the manner herein after directed: Provided always, that no Bridge erected pursuant to the said recited Act, and accidentally destroyed, shall be again erected or rebuilt by virtue of this Act, unless the same shall have been

included in the Contract entered into for making the Road of which such Bridge forms a Part 5 or unless the ^d^ccidcntaliy ^ame shall be again erected or rebuilt with the Consent of the said Commissioners, and also of the Heritors of the destroyed. County or Counties in which such Bridge may be situated 5 such Consent to be given at some Annual Meeting for the Assessment of the Land Tax, or at some Michaelmas Head Court, or at some specaal Adjournment of such Meeting or Head Court.

V. And be it further enacted, That where any Bridge directed to be maintained and kept in Repair by virtue of this Act shall be situated partly in one County and partly in another, every such bridge shall be maintained and kept in Repair in the manner directed by this Act, at the joint Expence of such Counties, and the Assessment herein after directed to be made shall be imposed accordingly 5 unless any such Bridge shall have been built at the Expence of the Public, and of one of such Counties exclusively, in which Case that County only shall be chargeable and charged with a Proportion of the Expence of maintaining such Bridge in Repair according to the Provisions of this Act.

VI. And be it enacted, That the Commissioners shall annually, or oftener if need be, direct Estimates to be prepared of the Expence requisite for the Repair of the Roads and Bridges placed under their Direction and Management by virtue of this Act, and they are hereby authorised to employ proper Persons (under Contract or otherwise) for the Repair of the fame; the Expence arising in consequence of so doing, to be defrayed in the first Instance, and by way of Advance, wholly out of the Monies to be imprested into the Hands of the Commissioners by the Barons of the Exchequer.

VII. And be it enacted, That no Road or Portion of Road made for the purpose of Military Communication in Scotland, shall be maintained and kept in Repair in the manner directed by this Act, nor shall the

14 Road

What Proportion of the Expence of repairing Roads and Bridges herein mentioned to be paid by the Public, and what by the respective Counties.

Proviso respecting Bridges erected under 43 G. 3. c. 8c.

Regulations for Repair of Bridge situated in Two Counties.

Commissioners to advance Money for immediate Repair ^Qftoads and Bridges.

Regulations and Conditions on which Milt-

59° GEORGII III. C. 135. 1049

Road from the Novar Deer Park to Tain be maintained and kept in Repair in the manner directed by this Act, unless the Heritors of the County in which any such Road or Portion of Road is situated, at some Annual Meeting for the Assessment of the Land Tax, or at some Michaelmas Head Court, or at some special Adjournment of such Meeting or Head Court, shall have already made Application to that EfFeft to the Commissioners appointed by and under the hereinbefore recited Acts, or shall hereafter make such Application to the Commissioners appointed by and under this Act, at the same time undertaking to conform to the Provisions of the fame, which Undertaking shall be obligatory upon the Heritors of such County; whereupon the said Commissioners shall determine whether it is expetjjent and proper to consent to such Application, and such their Consent (if obtained), together with the previous Application and Undertaking, shall be notified by the Convener of the County, in the Newspapers usually circulated in the Highlands of Scotland; after which the Road or Portion of Road respecting which such Application shall have been made shall be maintained and kept in Repair under the Provisions of this Act: Provided nevertheless, that if any Person or Persons whatsoever, jointly or severally, shall make Application to the Commissioners, dating that such Person or Persons are willing to give and will find Security to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners, to pay Three fourth Parts of the Expence necessary for the Maintenance and Repair of any Road or Portion of Road made for the purpose of Military Communication (or of the Road hereinbefore mentioned, extending from the Novar Deer Park to Tain)j and to conform to the Provisions of this Act, as far as the same shall be applicable to the Circumstances of the Case, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners thereupon to determine, whether it is expedient or proper to consent to such Application; and if the said Commissioners shall consent to such Application, and such Security shall be found to their Satisfaction, such Road or Portion of Road shall be maintained and kept in Repair under the Provisions of this Act accordingly,

VIII. And in order to enable the Commissioners to defray a Proportion, being One Fourth Part of the Expence of maintaining and keeping in Repair the Roads and Bridges which are directed to be maintained and kept in Repair by virtue of tins Act 5 be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Barons of the Exchequer in Scotland, and they are hereby required, upon the Application of the Commissioners appointed by this Act, from time to time to issue their Warrant or Warrants to the Receiver General and Paymaster of Scotland, for Payment out of any Public Money then in his Hands of any Sum or Sums of Money specified therein, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Five thousand Pounds, in the present Year One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, to any Person duly authorised by the Commissioners to receive the same, for the purposes of this Act; and a like Sum of Five thousand Pounds in every subsequent Year, to be accounted for by him in such manner as the said Barons shall from time to time think fit to order and direct; such Person also giving good and sufficient Security to the Satisfaction of the said Barons for such Monies, and for any other Money which may come into his Hands in consequence of this Act.

IX. And in order to raise the other Proportion, being Three Fourths of the Money so expended, be it enacted, That Assessments shall be made by the Commissioners of Supply in the manner herein directed; that is to say, the Convener of every County Meeting, at the Annual Meeting of the Commissioners of Supply which shall take place for the Assessment of the Land Tax in the Spring of every Year, shall lay before the Commissioners of Supply a Copy of this Act, together with an Account of the Expenditure incurred by reason of this Act, and chargeable to such County, for One Year, up to the First Day of January preceding

such Meeeing, such Account to be certified upon Oath and transmitted to the Convener by the Inspector of Roads and Bridges in Scotland, or by the Agent of the Commissioners, at lead Thirty Days previous to the Twenty ninth Day of April in each Year; and the Commissioners of Supply for the County of Invemefs shall thereupon make an Assessment upon each and every Proprietor, Life Renter, or proper Wadfetter of Land, enjoying the Dominium utile thereof (according to the Amount of their respective Rents and Profits, as assessed to the Property Tax in the Year ending the Fifth Dav of April One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, under Schedule A. of an Act passed in the Forty uxth Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for granting to His Majesty during the present IVar, and until the Sixth Day of April next after the Ratification of a definitive Treaty of Peace, further additional Rates and Duties in Great Britain on the Rates and Duties on Profits arising from Property, Professions, Traders and Offices, and for repeating an Act passed in the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty, for repealing certain Parts of an Act made in the Forty third Year of His present Majesty, for granting a Contribution on the Profits arising from Property, Professions, Trades and Offices, and to consolidate and render more effectual the Provisions for collecting the said Duties); for such Sum or Sums of Money as shall in the whole repay the Money advanced on behalf of the Heritors of such County, for the purposes of this Act, which Sum shall be paid over to the Commissioners or their Agent at Edinburgh, from time to time, as the fame may have been collected and levied by the Collector, in Payment of Three Fourths of the Expence of the Repair of the Roads and Bridges of the said County during the preceding Year; and the Commissioners of

' Supply for the other Counties, wherein are situate any of the before mentioned Roads or Bridges, shall order ana direct such Sum of Money as shall in the whole repay the Money advanced on behalf of the Heritors of the respective Counties, to be raised and levied and paid in the same manner as during the last Two Years; and in case any other County shall be or shall hereafter become liable to repay any Sum of Money so advanced, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of Supply* of such County, at any Meeting whichdhall be held in any such County for this special purpose, to order and direct the way and manner in which such Assessment shall and may be made and levied in such County, in each and every Year thereafter, either separately or along with any other Assessment in such County; and a Copy of the Order thereupon to be made, signed by the Prefes of such Meeting, shall be forthwith transmitted to the Clerk of the Commissioners of Supply of such County, and the same shall be laid by the Clerk of Supply before the First Meeting of the Commissioners

tary Roads and the Road from Novar Deer Park to Tain, may be placed under the Provisions of this Act.

A Sum of Money to be advanced annually by Barons of Exchequer for purposes of this Act.

Security by Person who receives the same.

Commissioners of Supply to assess for purposes of this Act;

in what manner in Invemes-shire:

46 G, 3. c. 6j.

in what manner elsewhere.

J 050

Until other Order, Assessment to be made as in In-vemes-shire.

Limitation of Assessment.

Burghs to be assessed with the County according to 45 G. 3. c.xl.

44 G. 3. c. Ixxnr.

48 G. 3. C.CT.

Commissioners of Supply may appoint Officers.

Application of certain Tolls, and Conversions for Statute Labour.

Lord Advocate to institute Process against Commissioners of Supply, if they fail to assess the County.

Assessments how to be levied.

Collector to give Security to account.

Collector neglecting to levy Assessment.

C. 135. 59° GEORGII III. A.D. 1819.

Conumffioners of Supply which shall be held thereafter; and from and after the Receipt of such Order, the Commissioners of Supply of such County are hereby directed to proceed accordingly.

X. Provided always, and be it enacted, That unless and until such Order shall have been made and transmitted as herein directed, the Commissioners of Supply shall make the Assessment in the manner directed by this Act in regard to the County of Invcmcfs: Provided always, that towards paying Three Fourths of any Money advanced for the Repair of Roads and Bridges no County as such shall be assessed for a larger Sum than would be raised by a Rate of One Penny in the Pound upon the Rents and Profits assessed to the Property Tax as aforesaid; but that over and above such Rate of One Penny in the Pound, the CouAty shall be assessed so as to raise One Half (instead of Three Fourths) of any further Sum of Money advanced for the Repair of Roads and Bridges: Provided always, that no Assessment directed to be made by this Act shall be made or levied in any Part of the County of Bute, excepting in the Isle of Arran.

XL. And be it enacted, That every Royal Burgh and Burgh of Regality shall be assessed with the County in which it is situated, for the purposes of this Act; and that in making Assessments, regard shall be had to an Act passed in the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for aJfeJRng the Proprietors of Lands in the County of Ross, and such Parts of the Counties of Cromarty and Nairn as lie in the fold County of Ross, towards the Expence of making and supporting such Roads and Bridges therein as shall be approved of by the Commissioners appointed by an Act passed in the Forty third Year of His present Majesty, for making Roads and building Bridges in the Highlands of Scotland; also to an Act passed in the Forty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for assessing the Proprietors of Lands in the County

£Invemefs towards the Expence of making and supporting such Roads and Bridges therein as shall be approved of the Commissioners appointed by an Act of the last Session of Parliament for making Roads and building Bridges in Highlands of Scotland; and also to an Act passed in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for continuing, altering and enlarging the Powers of so much of an Act of His present Majesty, as relates to making effectual the Statute Labour in the Shire of Inverness, and levying a Contribution of Money in lieu thereof, and otherwise regulating, making and repairing Highways and Bridges in the said Shire / and all Parishes and Parts of Parishes and Places and Lands and Estates mentioned in the said Three laish mentioned Acts, shall be assessed for the purposes of this Act, in the same manner that such Parishes, Part; of Parishes, Places, Lands and Estates are directed to be assessed for the purposes of the said Three last: mentioned recited Acts.

XII. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of Supply of any County, at the Annual Meeting at which they assemble to assess the Land Tax, to appoint a Surveyor, Clerk or Clerks, and such other Officers as they shall think necessary for the due Execution of this Act, with such Salaries or Allowances payable out of the County Assessment, as such Commissioners of Supply shall think fit 5 and from time to time to remove such Officers, or any of them, as they shall see Occasion, and appoint others, in Cases of Removal, Resignation or Death.

XIII. Provided further, and be it enacted, That when by any Act or Acts of Parliament already made or to be made, any Tolls or Duties shall be applicable, and where any Conversions for Statute Labour shall have been allocated or appropriated to the Repair of any Road or Bridge made or built pursuant to the said recited Act passed in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or to any Road made for the purposes of Military Communication, all Monies arising from such Tolls and Duties, or such Conversions, shall and may be applied in the manner in which such Monies are directed to be applied by any such Act or Acts respectively; and such Monies shall be imputed in part Payment of the Proportion of the Expence of such Repairs as is not to be borne by the said Commissioners; and in making any Assessment pursuant to this Act, Regard shall be had to all such Monies as are or may be applicable to the Maintenance and Repair of any Road or Bridge for, which any such Assessment is made.

XIV. And be it enacted, That if the Commissioners of Supply assembled at any Annual Meeting at which they assemble to assess the Land Tax, shall fail or neglect to make an Assessment in the manner directed by this Act, or if no Meeting shall have been holden before.which the Account of the Expenditure incurred by reason of this Act, and chargeable to such County, shall have been laid by the Convener in the manner directed by this Act, then the Commissioners appointed by this Act shall and they are hereby authorised to direct His Majesty's Advocate General for Scotland, or to employ any other Person to insti-tute the necessary Process for compelling the said Commissioners of Supply to raise and pay over to the said Commissioners appointed by this Act, the Monies which shall be or become due to them under the Provisions of this Act,

XV. And be it enacted, That every Assessment made pursuant to this Act shall be levied and recovered by the Collectors of the Land Tax of the County within which it shall have been made, in the same manner as the Land Tax is or may be levied and recovered, and at such time or times as such Commissioners of Supply shall direct, within Six Months after the Assessment shall have been made; and such and the like Remedies, Powers, Penalties and Forfeitures are hereby given for the Payment and Recovery of every such Assessment, as are given or may be applied and enforced for the Payment and Recovery of the Land Tax: Provided always, that every such Collector shall give Security for his faithful and true accounting for and paying all Monies to be received by him pursuant to this Act, in the same manner that such Collector gives Security for his faithful and true accounting for and paying all Sums of Mopey received by him as Collector of the Land Tax.

XVI. And be it enacted, That if any Collector of the Land Tax shall fail or neglect to levy such AJTeffment, or any Part of such Assessineut, within Six Months as aforesaid, every such Collector shall

15 be

A.D. 181g. 59° GEORGII III. C. 135.

be liable to pay a Sum equal to double the Amount thereof, which Sum shall be applicable towards the Expence of repairing Roads and Bridges, under the Provisions of this Act, and for that Purpose shall be paid into the Hands of the Commissioners appointed by this Act, Three Fourths of the same to be placed to the Credit of the Account of the County wherein such Default of the Collector has taken place; One Fourth to be added to the' Money imprested into the Hands of the Commissioners by the Barons of the Exchequer.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That all Sums of Money received by any such Collector pursuant to this A A, shall be remitted by him to the Agent of the Commissioners, from time to time, as the fame may have been collected and levied: Provided always, that every such Collector may retain for his own Use, out of all Monies to be so received as aforesaid, such Allowance, not exceeding the Rate of Allowance made for levying the Assessed Taxes, and for which Allowance Provision shall be made in the Amount of each Assessment, over and above the Sum due to the Commissioners appointed by this Act 5 and if any such Collector of the Land Tax shall fail to remit to the Agent of the said Commissioners at Edinburgh, on or before the First Day of December in every Year, the total Sum due to the said Commissioners by virtue of this A A, such Collector shall become personally liable to pay, and shall pay to the said Commissioners a Penalty, at the Rate of Twenty Shillings for every Hundred Pounds of the said Assessment remaining unpaid or unremitted to the said Agent for every Day after the said First Day of December, the Payment of which Penalty shall and may be enforced by His Majesty's Advocate General for Scotland; and the Amount of any such Penalty or Penalties shall be accounted for by the Agent of the said Commissioners, in the manner in which all the other Sums of Money which shall come into his Hands in consequence of this Act, are hereby directed to be accounted for.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That all Monies paid over by such Collector to the Agent of the Commissioners appointed by this Act, by virtue of any Assessment to be made pursuant to this Act, shall be accounted for by such Agent in the manner in which the said Sums of Money directed to be imprested by the Warrant of the Barons of Exchequer in Scotland\ or any other Sums of Money which shall come into his Hands in consequence of this Act, are hereby directed to be accounted for.

XIX. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners appointed by this Act, and they are hereby empowered from time to time to make such Rules and Regulations, and to give such Orders and Directions as they may think proper for the more effectual Maintenance and Repair of the Roads and Bridges hereby intended to be maintained and repaired; provided that such Rules and Regulations, Orders and Directions, shall not be ioconfiftent with the Laws of Scotland\ or with the Provisions of this Act, and shall be notified to the Person or Persons required to conform to the same.

XX. And be it enacted, That on or before the Twenty fifth Day of March in every Year, a Report shall be made to both Houses of Parliament, by the Commissioners appointed by this A A, (or if Parliament shall not then be fitting, within Twenty one Days after Parliament shall next meet, ) of their Proceedings pursuant to this Act, with a general Abstract of their Receipts and Expenditure in carrying this A A into execution during the preceding Year; and whenever the Expenditure hereby directed to be defrayed out of the Monies paid into their Hands by Warrant of the Barons of the Exchequer shall exceed the Sum hereinbefore limited and appointed for that Purpose, the said Commissioners shall further, at such times as they may find necessary, transmit an Account thereof to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, in order that the fame may be laid before Parliament: And Whereas by several Acts of Parliament the said Commissioners are and remain charged with the Execution of several Public Works in Scotland, other than the making of Roads and building of Bridges, under the AA of the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, it shall and may be lawful for them to include in such Report, a Report of their Proceedings under any such other A A of Parliament, with the Execution of which they are or shall be charged.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Inspector of Roads and Bridges (to be appointed by virtue of this Act), to empower such Person or Persons as he in Writing under his Hand shall appoint, to dig, gather, take and carry away any Gravel, Furze, Heath, Stones, Sand, or other Materials out of the several Grounds of any Person or Persons, whether the fame be inclosed or uninclosed, (not being the Ground whereon any House or Buildings stand, or a Garden, Orchard, Yard, planted Walk or Walks or Avenue to any House, or any Piece or Parcel of inclosed Ground set apart and used as a Nursery for Trees), where such Materials are or may be found, and from time to time to carry away the fame, or so much thereof as the said Inspector or any Person appointed by him as aforesaid shall judge necessary for repairing the Roads or Bridges directed to be repaired by this Act 5 and in case the said Materials shall be taken from or carried through any Arable Land, the said Inspector, or the Person appointed by him as aforesaid, shall give at least Eight Days previous Notice in Writing to the Owners or Occupiers respectively of the said Ground, where and from whence the same shall be digged, gathered, carried away, or over which the same shall be carried: Provided that it shall and may be lawful for such Owners and Occupiers to claim Payment for any such Damage out of the Road Assessment of the County wherein such Materials shall be situated, for the whole Amount of such Damage; and in case of any Difference of Opinion between such Owners or Occupiers and the Heritors of such County, touching the Value or Amount of such Damage, the same shall and may be determined by the Sheriff Depute or Substitute of the County wherein such Materials shall be situatea, whose Decision shall he final, without being subject to Advocation, Suspension or Reduction; but any

1051

[Penalty.]

Collector may retain Allowance for his Trouble, and pay over what is due to Agent of CoomuMioiMS

[Penalty.]

Agent to account for aoch Monies.

[Proviso.]

Commissioners to make Rules and Regulations for Repair of Roads. Ac.

Commissioners to report annually to Parliament, and in case herein mentioned, transmit Accounts to Treasury;

and may include in their Report, Proceedings under other Acts of Parliament.

Inspector of Roads may dig Gravel, &c. in private Grounds.

Exception.

In what case to give Notice.

Damage paid by County.

Amount of Damage how determined.

Pasturage for Horses employed in repair of Roads.

Remuneration.

Injuring or obstructing Roads.

Notice to remove Obstructions, &c.

Persons neglecting to make repayment to Inspector of Charges and Penalty xol.

Order of Justice, &c. final.

Cattle not to run loose on Roads.

[Penalty.]

Roads injured by Carnage of Stone. &c. Proprietor to pay Damage, to Inspector.

liefusing so to do. Proceedings.

Not making Head Ridges, or hauling Materials along Iload.

[Penalty.]

In what Cases Trees, Bushes or Underwood are to be removed from the Sides of the Road*.

C. 135. 59° GEORGII III. A.D. 1819.

such Difference of Opinion (Kail not in the meantime hinder the carrying off or using the said Materials for repairing the said Roads or Bridges.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Inspector of Roads, or any Person authorised and appointed by him, to apply to any Proprietor or Occupier of any Farm or Parcel of Land, for Pasture or Grass sufficient for the Subsistence of such Number of Horses as may be employed in repairing the Roads and Bridges kept in repair by virtue of this Act; and the Person or Persons employed in the Repair of such Roads, or any of them, shall thereupon and he is hereby authorised to allow his Horses to depasture and feed on any open grazing Ground, giving at least Four Days previous Notice, either verbally or in Writing, or leaving the fame at the Dwelling House of the Proprietor or Occupier of such Grounds, or at the House of the Ground Officer, in presence of any credible Witness, and paying such Sum or Sums of Money for the Use of such Pasture as may be deemed a fair Remuneration; but in case of any Difference of Opinion between the Parties as to the Value of such Grazing or Pasture, the same shall be determined and adjusted by the Sheriff Depute or Sheriff Substitute of the County wherein the said Pasture Ground shall be situatcftl.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Inspector of Roads and Bridges, or any Person appointed by him, shall observe any Nuisances or Encroachments, Obstruction of Ditches, Drains, Gutters or Watercourses, or any other Annoyances whatsoever, made, committed or permitted in or upon or to the Prejudice of any of the Roads or Bridges maintained and kept in repair by virtue of this Act; or shall observe any Timber, Stone, Lime, Peat, Dung, Soil, Compost or Ashes, deposited or remaining thereon; or if any Person shall remove or carry away any Earth, Sand, Gravel or Stones, forming Part of any such Roads; or shall turn or dam any Water thereon; or if any Proprietor or Occupier shall neglect to cleanse or scour any Ditches or Watercourses affecting the said Roads, the Inspector shall give or cause to be given to any rerson or Persons doing, committing or permitting the fame, Personal Notice, or Notice in Writing to be left at his, her or their usual Place or Places of Abode, specifying the Particulars wherein such Nuisances, Encroachments, Obstructions or Annoyances consist; and if the same shall not be removed, and the Ditches, Drains, Gutters and Watercourses effectually cleansed and opened, within Seveh Days after such Notice shall have been given as aforesaid, the said Inspector, or the Person appointed by him, is hereby authorised and empowered forthwith to remove such Nuifafices, Obstructions and Annoyances, and to open, cleanse and scour such Ditches, Drains, Gutters and Watercourses; and the Person neglecting to observe and obey the abovementioned Notice, shall repay to the Inspector, or to the Person appointed by him, such Charges as shall be adjudged to be reasonable by the Sheriff Depute or Substitute, or any Justice of the Peace of the County, and shall also forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds, and in default of Payment thereof, the same shall be levied and recovered, with Expences of Process in a summary Way, before the Sheriff Depute or Substitute, or any Justice of the Peace of the County wherein the Offence shall have been committed, which Sum shall be paid to the said Inspector, or the Person appointed by him, to be paid over to the Agent of the Commissioners, and to be applied by him in diminution of the Assessment for repairing Roads and Bridges in such County in the next Year; and in every such Case the Order or Sentence of such Sheriff or Justice of the Peace shall be final and conclusive, without being subject to Advocation, Suspension or Reduction.

XXIV. And be it enacted, That if any Horse, Mule, Afs, Cattle, Pigs or Swine, shall be permitted to run loose on any of the said Roads, it shall be deemed a Nuisance or Obstruction committed by the Owner thereof, who shall be liable to Penalty accordingly.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Proprietor of a Stone Quarry, or of Timber, or other Person or Persons, shall carry or cause to be carried any large Quantity of Stone or of Timber, along any Road or Portion of Road hereafter kept in Repair by virtue of this Act, so as to cut, destroy or manifestly injure the said Road, such Proprietor or other Person shall pay to the Inspector of Roads, or any Person appointed by him, such Sum or Sums of Money at the Expiration of every Three Months, as shall by any rerson, mutually chosen, be deemed sufficient to repair the Damage of the Road thereby occasioned, and the same shall be forthwith applied in repairing the Road 5 and in case such Proprietor or other P&rfon injuring the Road as aforesaid, shall reiufe to fetde by such Arbitration or otherwise, the Amount of the Sum payable by him or them, after Seven Days Notice given, the Sum shall be ascertained, and the Payment thereof enforced in a summary Way, by Process before the Sheriff Depute or Sheriff Substitute, together with Costs of Process.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall plough any Field contiguous to any Road kept in Repair by virtue of this Act, without making a Head' Ridge along the Side of the Road, of the Breadth of Ten Feet at the least; or shall draw or haul any Tree, Log or Timber, or Stone along any Part of such Road, otherwise than on a Wheel Carriage, such Person shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence the Sum of Twenty Shillings, to be recovered by the fame Process as any Penalty for otherwise injuring or obstructing any Road repaired by virtue of this Act.

XXVII. And Whereas the Roads herein after to be maintained by virtue of this Act, are liable to be overfhaded and precluded from the full Effect of the Sun and Air by Trees, Bushes or Underwood; Be it enacted, That all Branches of Trees, Bushes or Underwood, growing within Twenty Feet of the Middle of any such Roads, shall be cut down and removed by the Proprietor at his own Expence; and if after Thirty Days Notice in Writing, left at his Dwelling House, he shall not have so cut down and removed such Branches of Trees, Bushes or Underwood, it shall and may be lawful for the Inspector of Roads, or any Person authorised by him, to cut down and remove the fame, and such Inspector shall be entitled to recover the Expence of so doing from the Proprietor who shall have refused or neglected so to do.

59° GEORGII IIt.

C.i35.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Proprietor or other Person whatever shall hereafter be permitted to plant any Tree or Trees within Twenty Feet of the North, or North West, or South West, or West Side of the Middle of any such Road, nor within Twenty Yards of the South, or South East, or North East, or East Side of the fame; and in case any Tree or Trees shall be so planted, it shall and may be lawful for the Inspector of Roads to remove any such Tree or Trees, and either to destroy the fame or to apply the same as Materials for the Repair of any Road or Bridge maintained by virtue of this Act.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall henceforth be permitted to erect any House, Hut or other Building, exceeding Five Feet in Height, within Twenty Feet of the Middle of any of the Roads repaired by this Act; and in case any Building exceeding Five Feet in Height shall be so erected, it shall and may be lawful for the Inspector of Roads to order the same to be pulled down, and the Materials thereof to be applied to the Repair of the adjacent Road.

XXX. And Whereas the Side Drains of the Roads maintained by virtue of this Act are liable to be

injured by the Inhabitants of Houses erected on the Side of such Roads Be it enacted, That the Path or Road of Approach or Access to any such House, shall be made to pass over the Side Drain without Injury thereof, by means of a sufficient Stone Covering or Arch over such Drain; and every Proprietor or Occupier of any House so situated, and not provided with such Stone Covering or Arch, shall be deemed to create an Obstruction in the Side Drain, and shall be liable in manner aforesaid: Provided always, that no Second Penalty shall be incurred, until One Month shall have elapsed from and after any former Conviction for the fame Offence.

XXXI. And Whereas it is necessary, for the better Occupation of the Lands intersected by the Roads

which are to be kept in repair according to the Provisions of this Act, that Gates should be permitted to be erected on such Roads, under certain Rules and Regulations $' Be it therefore enacted, That such Gates shall be wide enough to afford a clear Passage. or Roadway of Eight Feet at the least, and shall be framed with Head and Heel Posts and Cross Bars, properly and firmly fattened together, either by Nails or Mortifes, and hung by sufficient Iron Hooks and Hinges to substantial Gate Potts of Wood or to Pillars of Stone, or of Masonry, so that the Gate shall at all times swing clear of the Road, and that such Gates and Gate Potts shall be kept and maintained in good and sufficient Repair, as also the Road, with its Cross Drain and Side Drain, within One Fall (or Six Yards and Six Inches) of each Side of every such Gate, at the Expence of the Proprietor or Occupier by whom such Gate shall have been erected; and in case such Gate and Road shall not be so kept in repair, the said Proprietor or Occupier shall be deemed wilfully to cause an Obstruction in the Road, and shall be liable to the Penalties hereinbefore imposed in that Case.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That where Gates other than such as are above described, shall have been erected, or shall hereafter be erected, it shall be competent to the Inspector of Roads and Bridges to remove and destroy the fame, in case the same shall not have been removed within Seven Days after personal Notice, or Notice in Writing left at the Habitation or Abode of the Person by whom or by whose Direction such Gates shall have been erected 5 and in case such Person shall not remove such Gate within such Seven Days, he shall be liable to pay, and shall pay to the Inspector of Roads and Bridges, such reasonable Charges of removing and destroying the same as shall be allowed and determined by the Sheriff Depute or Sheriff Substitute of the County in which such Gate is or has been situated; and if the said Inspector of Roads and Bridges shall not be able to ascertain by whom or by whose Direction any inefficient Gate shall have been erected, in such Case Notice immediately after Divine Service, on Two successive Sundays, published at the Door of the Church of the Parish wherein such Gate has been erected, shall beheld and be deemed to be sufficient Notice to authorise the said Inspector to remove and destroy such Gate after Seven Days shall have intervened from the last of such Two public Notices as aforesaid.

XXXIII. And Whereas Drivers of Carts and Carriages wilfully or wantonly, or through culpable Negligence, may drive against or suffer such Carts and Carriages to strike against the retaining Walls

and parapet Walls of the Roads or Bridges which are to be maintained and kept in repair by the Provisions of this Act, or to pass oyer or strike against Banks or Causeways appertaining* to such Roads Be it enacted, That every Person guilty of any of these Offences, shall, upon Complaint thereof before the Sheriff X>epute or Substitute, or any Justice of the Peace of the County where the Offender shall be or reside, by the Oath of any One credible Witness, or upon view of any such Magistrate, forfeit for every of the said Offences any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings; and in default of Payment thereof shall be committed to Prison for any Term not exceeding One Month, at the Discretion of such Magistrate, unless the fame be sooner paid; and in every such Case the Order or Sentence of such Magistrate shall be final and conclusive, without being subject to Advocation, Suspension or Reduction; and if any Driver of a Cart passing along any of the said Roads shall fit on his Cart, and allow his Horse or Horses to proceed without his holding a double Rein for guiding such Horse or Horses, or if the Driver of any Carriage, Cart, Car or loaded Horse, shall not drive to the Left Hand Side of the Road when meeting any other Carriage, Cart, Car or loaded Horse upon the said Road; or shall not lead his Horse or Horses when reqwfite so to do, such Driver shall, upon Complaint and Proof of the Offence as aforesaid, forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Shillings for every such Offence 5 and ia default of Payment thereof shall be committed to Prison for any Term not exceeding Three Days.

XXXIV. And for the tetter Dete &ion of Drivers hereby made liable to Penalty or Imprisonment, be it .eaa&ed, That every Person possessing a Cart or other Carriage, for the Conveyance of Goods of any Description upon any Roads repaired by virtue of this Act, shall and he is hereby required to mar* his Name and Place of Abode on some conspicuous Part of such Cart or Carriage, under Penalty of 'Twenty Shillings; and it shall be lawful for the Magistrate before whom the Complaint o&Omission herein 59 Cap. IlL 6 T, (h*U

ro 53

Regulations for planting Tree* on Sides of Roads.

Regulation as to Buildings on Sides of Roads.

Injury to Side Drains of Roads prevented.

[Penalty.]

Regulation of Gates on Roads.

Improper Gates to be removed

Notice.

Driving ogjjnjt Parapets, &c.

[Penalty.]

Order final.

Driver sitting on his Cart, &c.;

or not keeping proper Side of Road.

[Penalty.]

Name and Place of Abode of Owner to'be marked on Cart.

[Penalty.]

56 o. 3* c. 63. 52.

Number of Convicts allowed to b« confined.

Powers of recited Act extended to Convicts confined under Acts of 19 G. 3. c. 74. 25 G. 3. c. 46.

56 G. 3. c. 63. relating to Sheriffs, &c. extended to Commanders of Prison Ships.

56 G. 3. c. 63.

7.

repealed.

56 G. 3. c. 63. { 22*

repealed.

36 G. 3. c. 63. M 9*

C. 135, 136. 59° GEORGII III. A.D. 1819.

shall be made, to detain such Cart or Carriage until the said Penalty shall have been paid; which Penalty as well as all other Penalties imposed by this Act (not otherwise specially appropriated), shall be paid to and received by the Magistrate before whom Conviction of the Offence shall have taken place, to be by nim paid over to the Fund for the Relief of the Poor of the Parish in which the Offence so punishable shall have been committed.

CAP. CXXXVI.

An Act for the better Regulation of the General Penitentiary for Convicts at Millbank.

[13th July 1819.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Fifty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled 4 W An Act to regulate the General Penitentiary for ConviBs at Millbank in the County of Middlesex,

4 it was among other things enacted, that any Number of Convicts, not exceeding Four hundred Male and Four hundred Female Convicts, might, with the Approbation of His Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the Home Department for the time being, be imprisoned at one and the same time in the said Prison or Penitentiary, and confined, employed and managed therein under the Provisions of that Act: And Whereas it is found by Experience that the Number of Male Convicts who may be confined in the said Penitentiary may conveniently be increased: And Whereas it is also expedient that the Provisions of the said Act should be in other respects altered, enlarged and amended; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That any Number of Convicts, not exceeding Six hundred Male and Four hundred Female Convicts, may, with the Approbation of One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State for the time being, be at one time imprisoned, confined, employed and managed in the said Penitentiary, under the Provisions of this and the said recited Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That all the Powers, Provisions and Regulations contained in the said recited Act, relating to any Person under Sentence or Order of Transportation for any Offence committed in that Part of the United Kingdom called England and Wales, and confined in any Gaol or Prison, shall extend to any Person under Sentence or Order of Transportation for any Offence committed within that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain, whether confined in any Gaol or Prison, or on board any Ship or Vessel provided pursuant to the Provisions of a certain Act passed in the Nineteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to explain and amend the Laws relating to the Transportation, Imprisonment and other Punishment of certain Offenders; or of a certain Act passed in the Twenty fifth Year of His said Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for the more cffeBual Transportation of Felosu and other Offenders in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and to authorise the Removal of Prisoners in certain Cases.

III. And be it further enacted, That all the Powers, Provisions and Regulations contained in the said recited Act of the Fifty sixth Year aforesaid, relating to, any Sheriff or Gaoler, shall extend to any Superintendant or other Commander of any such Ship or Vessel, or other Person having the Custody of any Person or Persons who may now or shall hereafter be confined on board any such Ship or Vessel as aforesaid.

IV. And Whereas it is by the said Act enacted, that it shall be lawful for the said Committee from time to time, with such Approbation as aforesaid, to increase, diminish, discontinue or vary the Number of Officers and Servants to be appointed for the said Penitentiary, in pursuance of the Directions aforesaid, except by taking away or discontinuing any of the Offices of Governor, Matron, Chaplain, and Surgeon or Apothecaiy to the fame: And Whereas the said Provision hath been found inconvenient Be it therefore enacted, That the said Provision shall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

c V. And Whereas it is by the said Act enacted, that such Convicts shall be employed in Work at the said Penitentiary every Day in the Year, except Sundays, Christmas Day, Good Friday, Ascension Day, and any Day appointed for a General Fast or Thanksgiving, and also except such Days when 111 Health will doc allow of their working; and the Hours of Work in each Day shall not exceed Eight Hours in the Months of November, December, and January, Nine Hours in the Months of February and October9 and Ten Hours and a half in the Rest of the Year, exclusive of the time allowed for Meals 5 provided always, that it shall and may be lawful for the said Committee, by a written Order, to permit any Convict to labour voluntarily for a longer time than is herein mentioned, upon such Conditions as shall in the said Order be expressed

And Whereas the said Provision hath been found inconvenient; Be it therefore enacted, That the said Provision shall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

VI. And Whereas it is by the said Act enacted, that no Officer or Servant of such Penitentiary shall supply any of the Convicts therein with any Money, Clothing, Provisions or Diet, or with any Spirituous or other Liquors whatsoever, ^except such Money, Clothing, Provisions or Diet as the Governor of the Penitentiary shall from time to time permit or direct, and except such Diet and Liquors as the Surgeon or Apothecary attending such Penitentiary shall think proper to order for any such Convict in case of Illness; and in case any such Officer or Servant shall be found guilty of carrying to any such Convict, or of knowingly permitting to be carried to any such Convict any Money, Clothing, Provisions, or Diet or Liquors whatsoever, contrary to the Intent of this Act, such Officer or Servant shall immediately be suspended by the said Governor, who shall report the same to the Committee at their next Meeting; and such Committee shall inquire thereof upon Oath, and shall punish such Officer or Servant by Forfeiture 6f Office, and by any

2 4 Fmr

A.D. 1819. 59° GEORGII III.

C.i 36. 1055

Fine not exceeding Ten Pounds, or by either of such Punishments, as the said Committee shall in their Discretion think proper; and if any Person or Persons shall wilfully supply any such Convict at any time during the Term of his or her Confinement with any Food, Drink or Clothing, other than such as shall have been appointed by the Committee as aforesaid, or with any Money, he or she to supplying such Convict shall for every such Offence forfeit a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, nor less than Forty Shillings, at the Discretion of the said Committee: And Whereas the said Provision hath been found inconvenient; Be it there- repealed, fore enacted, That the said Provision shall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

VII. And Whereas it is by the said Act enacted, that the Governor of such Penitentiary shall have Power 5$ G. 3. c. 63. 4 to hear all Complaints touching any of the following Offences committed by any of the Convicts confined §33*

therein; (that is to say), Disobedience of any of the Orders established for the said Penitentiary, Assaults by one Person confined in such Penitentiary upon another, when no dangerous Wound or Bruise is given,

profane Curling and Swearing or indecent Behaviour, Absence from Chapel or irreverent Behaviour there,

and Idleness or Negligence in Work, or wilful Mismanagement of it, or wanton Damage or Injury to the Prison or Furniture thereof, all which are declared to be Offences by this Act; and the said Governor may examine any Persons touching such Offences, and may determine thereupon, and may puniffi such Offences by ordering the Offender to close Confinement in a dark Cell, or by keeping him or her upon Bread and Water only, or by both such Punishments, for any Term not exceeding Three Days: And Whereas the'

said Proviuon hatn been found inconvenient; Be it therefore enacted, That the said Provision shall be and, repealed, the fame is hereby repealed.

VIII. And Whereas it is by the said Act enacted, that if any Convict who shall be confined in any such 56 P'3*' 63. 4 Penitentiary shall, during the Term for which he shall be so confined, be guilty of any Offence which the

Governor of such Penitentiary is not hereby authorised to punish, or for which the Punishment which such Governor is hereby authorised to inflict shall by such Governor be deemed not sufficient, by reason of the Enormity of the Offence or the Repetition thereof, such Governor may confine such Offender either in his or her own Cell, or in a dark Cell belonging to such Penitentiary, till the next Meeting of the said Committee, and shall in such Case report such Offence, with the time and particular Circumstances thereof, and the Name of the Offender, to the said Committee; and such Committee shall have Power to inquire upon;

Oath, and determine concerning all such Offences so reported to them as aforesaid, and may order any such Offender to be punished by close Confinement in a dark Cell, with Bread and Water only for Sustenance,

for any Term not exceeding One Month, or by removing such Offenders if ranked in the Second Class into*

the First Class, or by both such Punishments; and in case of Removal into the First Class, the Offender shall, from the time of making such Order of Removal, remain in such First Class until he or she be restored.

4 to the Second Ckfe by Order of the Committee, or until the Term of his or her Confinement shall be completed: And Whereas the said Provision has been found inconvenient; Be it therefore enacted, That the repealed. - said Provision shall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

IX. And Whereas it is by the said Act enacted, that the said Committee shall report to His Majesty in 5$ G. 3* c. 63. 4 Council, and to both Houses of Parliament, all Bye Laws, Rules or Regulations made under the Authority $ 4°*

4 of this Act, and all Alterations therein or Additions thereto, within Thirty one Days after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament after such Bye Laws, Rules and Regulations, or Alterations or Additions, shall have been confirmed by the Justices of His Majesty's Court of King's Bench as hereinbefore is directed: And Whereas the said Provision has been found inconvenient; Be it therefore enacted, That the repealed, said Provision shall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

X. And Whereas it is by the said Act enacted, that if any Convict who shall be ordered to be confined G. 3. 63. 4 in the said Penitentiary shall at any time during the Term of such Confinement break Prison, or escape $ 4-'

from the Place of his or her Confinement, or in his or her Conveyance to such Place of Confinement, or from the Person or Persons having the lawful Custody of such Convict, he or she so breaking Prison or escaping shall be punished by an Addition of Three Years to the Term for which he or she, at the time of his or her Breaoh of Prison or Escape, was subject to be confined; and if such Convict so punished by such Addition to the Term of Confinement, shall afterwards be convicted of a Second Escape or Breach ot Prison, he or she shall be adjudged guilty of Felony without Benefit of Clergy: And Whereas the said Provision has been found inconvenient* Be it therefore enacted, That the said Provision shall be and the repealed, fame is hereby repealed.

XL. And be it further enacted, That.it shall be lawful for the Committee appointed or to be appointed in Officers and pursuance of the said recited Act of the Fifty sixth Year aforesaid, from time to time, with the Approbation Servants may of His Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the Home Department for the time being, to increase or dkninish, discontinue or vary, the Number of Officers and Servants to be appointed for the said Penitentiary, in y

pursuance of the said Act, except by taking away or discontinuing any of the Offices of Governor, Matron, with Consent Chaplain and Surgeon or Apothecary to the fame, or to add such new Officers and Servants thereto as. may be of Secretary of found necessary. State*

XII. And be it further ei>acted, That such Convicts as shall be sent to the said Penitentiary, shall be em- Days and ployed in Work therein in every Day in the Year, except Sundays, Chrtjlmat Day, Good Friday, Afccnjion Hours of Work Day, and any Day appointed for a General Faff or Thanksgiving; and also except such Days when III Health of ConTicts* will not allow of their working, or when the said Committee shall think fit for any special Reason to dispense with their working by an Order in Writing 5 and the Hours of Work in each Day shall not exceed Ten Hours and a half exclusive of the time allowed for Meals: Provided always, that it shall and may be lawful for the Proviso for said Committee, by a written Order, to permit any Convict to laoour voluntarily for a longer time than is voluntary herein mentioned, upon such Conditions as in the Ca*d Order shall be expressed- Labour.

6 T a, XIII. And

1056 C. 136.

59° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1819.

No Officer or Servant of Penitentiary, or other Person, to supply Convicts with any thing whatever, except as Governor or Surgeon shall direct, or clandestinely convey Letters, &c.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That no Officer or Servant of the said Penitentiary, nor any other Person whatsoever, shall supply or bring in to any of the Convicta therein any Money, Clothing, Provisions, Diet, or other Article or Thing whatsoever, or any Spirituous or other Liquors whatsoever, except such Money, Clothing, Provisions, Diet, Article or Thing, as the Governor of the Penitentiary shall from time to time permit or direct, and except such Diet and Liauors as the Surgeon or Apothecary attending the Penitentiary shall think proper t6 order for any such Convict in case of Illness; and that no Officer or Servant of such Penitentiary, nor any other Person whatsoever, shall clandestinely or otherwise than according to the Rules and Regulations of such Penitentiary, bring in to or carry out from any Convict, or receive for the purpose of bringing in to or carrying out from any Convict, any Letter or Paper 5 and in case any Person shall be found supplring or bringing in to any such Convict any Money, Clothing, Provisions, Diet, or other Article or Thing whatsoever, or any Liquors whatsoever, or of bringing in to or carrying out from any Convict, or receive for the purpose of bringing in to or carrying out from any Convict, any Letter or Paper whatsoever, contrary to the Intent of this Act, if such Person be an Officer or Servant of such Penitentiary, he or she shall immediately be suspended by the said Governor, who shall report the same to the Committee at their next Meeting, and such Committee shall esquire thereof upon Oath, and shall punish such Officer or Servant by Forfeiture of Office, and if it shall seem meet to them, shall cause such Officer or Servant to be prosecuted for his or her Offence, before a Justice of the Peace, who, upon Conviction, may forthwith punish such Officer or Servant by a Fine, not exceeding Ten Pounds; and if such Person be not an Officer or Servant of such Penitentiary, he or she shall for every such Offence forfeit a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings, at the Discretion of the Justice before whom he or she shall be prosecuted and convicted.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the Governor of such Penitentiary shall have Power to hear all

powered to hear Complaints touching any of the following Offences committed by any of the Convicts confined therein; (that to punish 19 to ^ay)' Disobedience of any of the Orders established for the said Penitentiary 5 Assaults by one Person

confined in such Penitentiary upon another, where no dangerous Wound or Bruise ia given; , profane Cursing

and Swearing, or indecent Behaviour; Absence from Chapel or irreverent Behaviour there, and Idleness or Negligence in Work or wilful Mismanagement of it, or wanton Damage or Injury to the Prison or Furniture thereof 5 all which are declared to be Offences by this Act; and the said Governor may examine any Persona touching such Offences, and may determine thereupon, and may punish such Offences by ordering the Offender to close Confinement in a dark Cell, or by keeping him or her upon Bread and Water only, or by both such Punishmenta, for any Term not exceeding Fourteen Days 5 provided always, that no such Punishment shall exceed the Space of Three Days, unless before the Expiration of that Period the Approbation in Writing of the Visitor for the time being shall be had and obtained.

XV. And be it further enacted, That if any Convict, who shall be confined in the said Penitentiary, shall, during the Term for which he or she shall be so confined, be guilty of any Offence which the Governor of such Penitentiary is not hereby authorised to punish, or for which the Punishment which such Governor b hereby authorised to infli& shall by such Governor be deemed not sufficient, by reason of the Enormity of the Offence or the Repetition thereof, such Governor may confine such Offender either in his or her own Cell, or in a dark Cell belonging to such Penitentiary, till the next Meeting of the said Committee; and shall in such Case report such Offence, with the time and particular Circumstancea thereof, and the Name of the Offender, to the said Committee; and such Committee shall have Power to determine concerning all such Of-^ncea rPorted to them as aforesaid; and for that Purpose (if they shall think fit) to examine any Person

m&^ex^nine upon Oath, an<* maY order any such Offender to be punish^d by close Confinement in a dark Cell with Bread upon Oath, &c.; and Water only, for any Term not exceeding One Month, or by removing such Offender, if ranked in the Second Clafi, into the First Class, or by both such Punishments; and in case of Removal into the First Class, the Offender shall, from the time of making such Order of Removal, remain in such First Class until he or she shall be restored to the Second Class by Order of the Committee, or until the Term of his or her Confine-and may extend ment shall be completed 5 and in case it mail appear to the said Committee that the Punishment infii&ed upon Punishment any Offender by the said Governor, with or without the Approbation of the Visitor, ia insufficient, the said Committee shall have Power to extend such Punishment to any Term not exceeding One Month from ita first Commencement, and may further order the Removal of the said Offender into the First Class, in the same manner as if the said Offender had been originally reported for Punishment to the said Committee.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Committee shall report to His Majesty m Council, and to both Houses of Parliament, all Bye Laws, Rules and Regulations made under the Authority of the said recited Act of the Fifty sixth Year aforesaid, and all Alterations therein or Additions thereto, within Six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament after such Bye Laws, Rules and Regulations or Alterations or Additions, shall have been confirmed by the Justices of His Majesty's Court of King's Bench, as in the said recited Act of the Fifty sixth Year of His said Majesty ia directed*

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Convict who shall be ordered 16 be confined in the said Penitentiary, shall at any time during the Term of such Confinement break Prison, or escape from the Plaou*of his or her Confinement, or in his or her Conveyance to such Place of Confinement, or from the Person or Persons having the lawful Custody of such Convict, he or she so breaking Prison or escaping, shall be punched by an Addition, not exceeding Three Years, to the Term for which he or she at the time of hk or her Breach of Prison or Escape was subject to he confined; and if such Convict so punished by such Addition to the Second Escape, Term of Confinement, shall afterwards be convicted of a Second Escape or Breach of Prison, he or she shall Death. be adjudged guilty of Felony without Benefit of Clergy; and if any Convict who shall be ordered to be con-

Attempting to fined in the said Penitentiary, shall at any time during the Term of such Confinement, attempt to break break Prison, Prison or escape from the Place of his or her Confinement, or shall forcibly break out of his or her Cell, or 4c 1 shall

Punishment of Officer or Servant

If not a Servant Penalty.

Governor em-

tain Offences.

Extent of Punishment

Governor may confine Convicts for Offences which ha camlet punish until next Meeting of Committee.

inflicted by Governor.

Committee to report to His Majesty in Council, and to Parliament, all Bye-laws, &c.

Convicts breaking Prison, &c.

Punishment.

59° GEORGII III. C. 136, 137, ^38. fo57

Punishment.

Committee empowered to

riou* C#nm*» on and rftar their Discharge.

Former Act to continue in foie*

(kali make any Breach therein with intent to escape therefrom, he or she so offending, being convicted thereof, shall he punished by an Addition not exceeding Six Calendar Months to the Term for which he or she at the time of committing any such Offence was subject to be confined.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Committee to pay to any Person, who, having been imprisoned in such Penitentiary, and discharged from thence either by His Majesty's most gracious Pardon, or at the Termination of his or her Period of Confinement, shall produce to the said Committee, at the Expiration of One Year after such Discharge, such Evidence of his or her good Conduct during that time as shall be satisfactory to the said Committee, any Sums of Money not exceeding Three Pounds, in addition to such Money and Clothing as shall have been given to such Person on his or her Discharge.

XIX. And it is hereby farther enacted, That if any Person taking an Oath under the Provisions of this Pwjtny.

Ad shall wilfully forswear and perjure hhnfelf or herself in any such Oath, and shall be lawfully convicted thereof, he or she so offending shall suffer such Punishment as by Law may be inflicted on Peffotts convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury.

XX. And be it further enacted, That all the Powers, Provisions and Regulations contained in the said Act of the Fifty sixth Year aforesaid, and not hereby altered or repealed, shall continue hi force, and shall extend and be applied to this Act, in as full and ample manner as if the fame had been hereby re enacted.

CAP. CXXXVII.

An Act to enable the Directors of the Poor of the several Farifhea within the City of Worcefhr> and of the Parishes united therewith to sell and dispose of certain Bands, discharged of all Claims of the Crown in respect of any Forfeiture incurred under the Statutes of Mortmain*

[13th July 1819.I

44 THE Lands, &c. herein described shall be freed from all Claims of the Crown. Directors of the Poor may fell the Lands. §1. Receipt of Directors to be a sufficient Diteharge to Purchasers. { 2. Agree- roents to be made for keeping up Roads, f 3. In case no Sale is made within a certain time, Land again to 94 become forfeited. §4. Application of the Money. §3. Directors, with Consent of Creditors, may pay* Expences of Ad in the first Instance. §6. A certain Piece of Land called Tallow Hill Piece, to continue vested in the Wardens of the Poor. §7.

Cap. cxxxviii.

An Act for appointing Commissioners for carrying into Execution an Act of this Session of ParEa-ment, for granting to His Majesty a Duty on Pensions and Offices in England; and an Act made in the Thirty eighth Year of His present Majesty, for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety eight.

[2d July 1819.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for continuing to C. 3. ante. His Majesty certain Duties on Malt, Sugar9 Tobacco and Snuff in Great Britain, and on Peiftonsy Offices and Personal Estates in England, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and nineteen9it was enacted, that all and every the Persons who in and by certain Acts therein mentioned, made in the Forty eighth and Forty ninth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, were named and appointed Commissioners*(duly qualifying themselves) for putting the several Acts therein specified into execution within the several Counties, Ridings, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque Ports, Towns, Divisions and Places of England, Wales and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, should be Commissioners for putting the said Act into execution, so far as the fame relates to the Duty on Pensions, Offices and Personal Estates, unless before the Day therein appointed for the First Meeting of the Commissioners for putting the said Act into execution, so far as the fame relates to the Duties on Pensions, Offices and Personal Estates, some Act or Acts of Parliament should be made for naming and appointing special Commissioners for putting the said Act into execution, so far*as the fame relates to the Duties on Pensions, Offices and Personal Estates: And Whereas it is expedient that other Commissioners should be appointed for putting into execution an Act made in the Thirty eighth 38 G. 3. c. 5.

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for granting an Aid to ffis Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred astd ninety eight; of

which Ad certain Powers, Provisions, Clauses, Matters and Things were continued for ever by an Act made

4 in the same Year, intituled An Act for making perpetual, subject to Redemption and Purchase in the manner 38 G. 3. c. do.

therein flatedy the several Sums of Money now charged in Great Britain as a Land Tax, for One Year, from the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and ninety eight: 9 May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted 5 and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the

Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament aflemUed,

and by the Authority of the same, That all and every the Persons herein after named and mentioned 5 Commitoxer*

(that is to say ), appointed.

[Here follow the Names of the Commissioners for England and Wales.]

Being first duly qualified to act as Commissioners of the Land Tax, in manner herein directed, shall be and are hereby declared to be Commissioners for putting into execution the said recited Act made in this Session of Parliament, so far as the fame relates to the Duties on Pensions, Offices and Personal Estates, and also such of the Powers, Provisions, Clauses, Matters and Things contained in the said recited Act made in the

Thirty

105*8

33 G. 3. c. 5.;

Commissioner! appointed for Scotland.

Qualification! to be the same as required by

38 G. 3. c. 5.

38 G. 3. c. 48.

In what case Persons in Cities, &c. haring Qualification may act as Commissioners.

Justices qualified may act as Commissioners though not specially named.

C. 138. 5'90 GEORGII III. A.D. 1819.

Thirty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety eight, as are continued for ever by the said recited Act made in the same Year within the several Counties, Ridings, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque Ports, Towns and Places respectively in that Part of Great Britain called»England and Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Person and Person* herein after named and mentioned; (that is to say),

[Herefollow the Names of the Commissioners for Scotland.]

Being duly qualified to act as Commissioners of the Land Tax, shall be and they are hereby declared to be Commissioners for putting into execution such of the Powers, Provisions, Clauses, Matters and Things of the said recited Act made in the Thirty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as are continued for ever by the said recited Act of the same Year, within the several Shires, Stewartries and Places respectively, within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland\

III. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several and respective Persons hereby appointed Commissioners, shall have such and the fame Qualifications as are required by the said recited Act made in the Thirty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety eight; and also of an Act made in the same Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to alter and amend so much of an Act passed in this present Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for grant*ing an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Taxf to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Tear One 1 thousand seven hundred and ninety eighty as relates to the Qualification of Commissioners; and mall be subject to the^feveiral Penalties and Forfeitures contained in the said recited Acts respectively.

IV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where in any City, Liberty or Place, the Qualification of a Commissioner to ad therein, shall consist of Personal Estate, it shall be lawful for any Person having a Personal Estate of the Value required byjthe said Acts, or either of them, to act as such Commissioner in all cases where such Person shall have been taxed, and shall have paid for such Personal Estate by and upon the lad Assessment then made for such City, Liberty or Place, by virtue of any Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty a Duty on Pensions, Offices and Personal Estates in England, passed before the making of such Assessment 5 any thing in the said Acts, or either of them, contained to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided also, that all Persons who shall act as Justices of the Peace of or for any County, Riding, Shire or Stewartry in Great Britain, being duly qualified as aforesaid, may ad as such Commissioners, although not specially named in this Act.

59° GEORGII III. C. i — vi. 1059

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS,

DECLARED PUBLIC,

AND TO BE JUDICIALLY NOTICED.

N.B. — The Continuance of such of the following Acts as are Temporary will be known (where it is not expressly fated) by referring to the following Liftf according to the corressponding Letter at the End of the

Title.

(a) For 21 Years, &c. [i. p. to the End of the next Session] from a Day named in the Act.

(b) For 21 Years, &c. from the passing of the Act.

(c) For 21 Years, &c. after the End of the Term under former Acts.

The following are all Public Acts; to each of which is annexed a Clause in the Form following:

u And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and " shall be judicially taken Notice of as such. by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded.*'

Cap. i.

AN Act to continue the Term and alter and enlarge the Powers of Three Acts of His late and present Majesty's Reign, for repairing the Roads therein respectively mentioned and described, in the County of York; so far as the said Acts relate to the Road leading from the South west Corner of the Inclosures of Harrogate, through Knaresborough, to Boroughbridge, (b) [23d March 1819.]

v [.Additional Trustees. Former Tolls to cease. New Tolls granted.]

Cap. ii.

An Act for lighting with Gas the City of Bristol\ and certain Parishes adjacent thereto.

[23d March 1819.]

Cap. iii.

An Act for regulating the Police of the Burgh of Colton and Village and Lands of Mile Ends in the County of Lanark; paving, cleaning and lighting the Streets and Passages of the said District; and for erecting a Court House, Gaol, and a Bridewell or Workhouse therein, (b) [23d March 1819.]

Cap. iv.

An Act to continue the Term and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts passed in the Eighteenth and Thirty eighth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing several Roads leading from the Town of Maiden Newton, in the County of Dorset, and other Roads communicating therewith, in the Counties of Somerset and Darfci. (r) [23d March 1819.]

[Additional Trustees. New Trustees. Former Tolls to cease. New Tolls granted. Royal Family exempt.]

Cap. v.

An Act to incorporate for a further Term the Governor and Company of the British Plate Glass Manufacture. (c) - [23d March 1819.]

Cap. vi.

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of several Acts of His late and present Majesty, for repairing certain Roads therein mentioned, so far as relates to the Road leading from Chappel Bar, near Nottingham, to St. Mary's Bridge in Derby, and from the Guide Pofty in the Parish of Lenton, to Sawiey Ferry. (b) [23d March 1819.]

[.Additional Trustees.]

as G..«. 5*.

17 G. 3. c. 77. 38 G. 3. c. 4.

18 G. 3. c. 95. 38 G. 3. «. nii.

38 G. 3. «. aviL

3» G. 2. 4. 53. 20 G. 3. c. 73. 39 G. 3. e. au.

1060 C. vii- — xvii,

A.D. 1819. 59° GEORGII III.

Cap. vii.

xo G. 2. c. i2. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from the Golden Farmer, near Bag/hot, in the County of Surrey, to Hertfordbridge Hill, and from thence to Basingstoke and Odiham, and from Odiham to the Great West era Road at Bartley Heath in the County of Southampton; and also from Odiham aforesaid to a Place called the Bull Inn9 in the Parish of Swallowfeld, in the County of Wilts, on the Turnpike Road leading from the Town of Reading, in the County of Berks, to Basingstoke aforesaid. (a) [23d March 1819.]

'*[New Truffles1. Royal Fondly exempt from Tolls.]

Cap. viii.

*9 G. a. c.lxxxi. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Three Acts, for repairing the Road from Fryer Bacon's Study0 St'3' c* to Chilton Pond, and other Roads in the County of Berks, so far as relates to the Road called The Abingdon

38G.3.cxlm.

[23d March 1819.]

[New Trustees. Additional Trustees. Royal Family exempt.]

*1 iJ.2. c. it. 3o G. 2. c. 61. x3 G. 3. c. 94. 17 G. 3. C. 84.9 G. 3. c. 88. 38 G. 3, c.lxni.

Cap. is.

16 G. 3. c.ia. An Act for abolishing the Payment of certain Tolls called Ingates and Outgates, collected at the several 5i G. 3. c.exliii Entrances into the Town of Liverpool, in the County of Lancaster, and of certain Tolls and Stallage now payable in the Markets and Fairs there, and for granting other Tolls and Stallage in lieu thereof, and for the better Regulation of the said Markets and Fans.

[23d March 1819.]

34 G. c. 67.0 G. 3. c. 83. 3* G. 3. c. 147. repealed.

Cap. x.

An Act for more effectually making, straightening, repairing and improving the Road from near the Town of Lewes to Polegate, in the Parish of Haij/bam, and from thence to Easthoume, and from Polegate to Hailsham Common9 in the County of Sussex, (a) [23d March 1819.]

[Additional Trustees. New Trustees. Royal Family exempt.]

Cap. xi.

56 G.3. cxxriii. An Act for altering, amending and extending the Provisions of an Act passed in the Fifty sixth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and altering the Parish Church of Saint George the Martyr9 in the County of Middlesex, and for making further Provision for the Rector of the said Parish, and for improving the Churqh Yard thereof.

[31st March 1819.]

Cap. xii.

An Act for continuing and amending Three Acts of His late and present Majesty, for repairing the Road 35 G. 3. «! ic*i. from Kighley to Hcuifax, in the West Riding of the County of York, (b) [31st March 1819.]

[Former Tolls to cease. New Tolls granted. One half additional Toll on Sundays.]

Cap. xiii.

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from or from near the City of Carlisle9 to the Solway Frith, at or near Fisher's Cross, in the Parish of Bownefs9 in the County of Cumberland.

[6th April 1819.]

Cap. xiv.

An Act to enable the Justices of Peace for the County of Brecon to take down the present County Bridge over the River UJk9 and to build Two new Bridges over the Rivers Senny and UJk in lieu thereof.

[6th April 1819.]

Cap. xv.

22 G. 3. c. 35. An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Annuities or otherwise, for the purpose of erecting a3 G. 3. c. 32. Workhouse for the Use of the Poor of the Parish of Saint John of Wapping9 in the County of Middlesex. J7 G. 3. c.Uxrn.

[6th April 1819.]

Cap. xvi.

31G. 3. c. 62. An Act to enlarge the Powers of Three Acts of His present Majesty, for paving, cleansing and lighting 5 3* the Streets and other public Places within the King's Town of Maidstone, in the County of Kent, and

3^1^66. better supplying the Inhabitants with Water; and for watching the said Town, and making public Wharfs 4X G. 3. c. xc. therein.

[6th April 1819.]

[Former Rates to cease. New Rates granted.]

Cap. xvii.

at G. 3. c. ti6. An Act for lighting with Gas the Town and Parish of Cheltenham and Precincts thereof, in the County of 46 G. 3. c. cttu. Gloucester.

[6th April 1819.]

C. xviii — xxvii

1061

Cap. xviii.

An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from the Toll House Beck in the Township of Ireby9 in the County of Lancaster, to Kirkby Lonsdale and Kiri by Kendal, in the County of Westmorland, and through Kirkby Lonsdale to Milnthorp in the said County, (c) [6th April 1819.]

[Royal Family exempt from Toll,]

26 G. 2. c. 86. 18 G. 3. c. 113. 40 G. 3. c. cxL 37 G. 3. c.dxv.

Cap. xix.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road 37 G. 3, c.clxrii. leading from a Place called Morton's Corner, in the Town of Wellingborough, in the County of Northampton, rdted. to the East End of Abington Street, in the Town of Northampton, (r) [6th April 1819.]

Cap. xx.

An Act to alter and enlarge the Powers of The Gas Light and Coke Company, and to amend Three Acts 50 G. 3. C. clxiii. of His present Majesty relating to the said Company.

[7th April 1819.] Charter, 30th

April 1811.

54 G. 3. c.cxvi. Limitations of Powers of §7. repealed.

Cap. xxi.

An Act for lighting, watching and cleansing Long Lane, in the Parish of Saint Mary Magdalen, Bermondsey, 56 G. 3. in the County of Surrey, and the Streets, Lanes, Passages and Places contiguous or adjoining thereto within c. lxxxvii the same Parish.

[7th April 1819.]

Cap. xxii.

An Act for providing that the several Highways within the Parish of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancqfter9 shall be repaired by the Inhabitants of the respective Township within which the same are situate.

[8th April 1819.]

2 G. 3. c. ai.

3 G. 3. c. 13.

4 G. 3. c. 39.

5 G. 3. c. 50. 6G.3.C. 54.

XI G. 3. C. 22. 30 G. 3. c. 53-in part repealed, §1.

38 G. 3. c. xlviii.

Cap. xxiii.

An Act for subjecting certain Streets and Places within and adjacent to the Parish of Saint James, Westminster, in the County of Middlesex, called Optional Streets, to the fame Rates for paving, cleansing and lighting as the other Streets and Places within the said Parish 5 and for altering, so far as relates to the said Parish, certain Acts for paving, cleansing and lighting the Streets and other Places within the City and Liberty of Westminster and Parts adjacent.

[8th April 1819.]

Cap. xxiv.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Alconbury Hill to Wansford Bridge, and from Norman Croft to Peterborough Bridge, all in the County of Huntingdon, (c) 1 [8th April 1819.]

[Former Tolls to cease. New Tolls granted, ']

Cap. xxv.

An Act for repairing the Road from Shelton's Lane in Buryf in the County of Huntingdon9 to a House formerly ag q c called The Spread Eagle in the Hamlet of Stratton9 in the Parish of Bigglefwadey in the County of Bed- 19 g. 3! . 86. ford, (a) [8th April 1819.] 436.3.0.001.

[Additional Trustees. New Trustees.] repealed.

v Cap. xxvi.

An Act for further continuing, until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, and 46 G. 3. from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Powers granted by an Act of the Forty «. cxxxiiL sixth Year of His present Majesty, for enabling the Commissioners acting in Execution of an Agreement jo G. 3. c. cciii. made between the East India Company and the private Creditors of the Nabobs of the Camatic9 the better to P*3*... carry the fame into Effect.

[19th May 1819.] ^G^To Viil. '

46 G. 3.

Cap. xxvii. c. cixxiii. further continued.

An Act to alter and amend Two Acts of His present Majesty's Reign, for making further Provision for certain Officers of the High Court of Chancery. C1^ May 1819.]

WHEREAS by virtue of an Act passed in the Thirty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, 3* G. 3. c. 41.

intituled An Act to empower the High Court of Chancery to lay out a further Sum of the Suitors Money upon

proper Securities, and for applying the Interest towards discharging the Expences of the Office of the Accountant General9

1 and for building Offices for the Masters in Ordinary in Chancery, and apubhc Office for the Suitors of the said Court,

and Offices for the Secretaries of Bankrupts and Lunatics, and for building Repofitaries for securing the Title Deeds

4 of the Suitors of the said Court9 and the Records and Proceedings of the Commffioners of Bankrupts and Lunatics;

and of several Acts in the said Act mentioned, divers Sums of Money have been, by virtue of several Orders

4 of the said Court of Chancery, taken out of the common and general Cash belonging to the Suitors of the

59 Geo. III. 6 U 'High

io6i

55 G.3* «*Wv.

58 G. 3. c.lxxx.

55 G. 3. c.lxir. §5. and 58 G. 3. c. lxxx. j 7. repealed.

C. xxvii. 59° GEORGII III. A.D. 1819.

High Court of Chancery, which lay dead and unemployed in the Bank of England, and have been placed out in the Name of the Accountant General of the said Court, on Government or Parliamentary Securities;

and such Government or Parliamentary Securities have been, in pursuance of the said Act passed in the Thirty second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, carried to an Account, intituled c Accouift of Monies placed out for the Benefit and better Security of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery and out of the Dividends and Interest of the Securities purchased in pursuance of the said several Acts, the several annual

Sums and Salaries, and the several other Payments directed to be made and to be paid, have been from time to time made and paid, and the Surplus Interest and annual Produce arising from the said Securities, beyond what was sufficient to answer the purposes of the said several Acts, and also the Interest produced from the Securities purchased with such Surplus Interest and annual Produce, have been from time to time, in pursuance of the said last mentioned Act, laid out in the Purchase of Government or Parliamentary Securities, in the Name of the Accountant General of the said Court, and placed to the Credit of an Account, intituled 1 Account of Securities purchased with Surplus Interest anfing from Securities carried to an Account of Monies placed out for the Benefit and better Security of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery : And Whereas by an Act passed in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for making further Provision for the Secretary and UJher to the Vice Chancellor of England, and for the Clerks in the Office of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and for providing additional Clerks for the said Office, it is (amongst other things) enacted, that the Surplus Interest and annual. Produce which shall arise from the Money placed out and to be placed out on Securities, pursuant to the several Acts of Parliament therein before mentioned or referred to, or any of them, beyond what shall be sufficient to answer the purposes of the said Acts, shall from time to time be placed out on Government or Parliamentary Securities, and shall be placed to the Credit of the said Account, raised in pursuance of the said Act of the Thirty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled 4 ' Account of Monies placed out for the Benefit and better Security of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery/ and which Fund shall be applied to answer the Demands of the said Suitors of the said Court of Chancery, in case it shall at any time be necessary to call in any of the Money of the said Suitors which had been or might be placed out on Securities: And Whereas by an Act passed in the Fifty eighth Year of the Reign of His said present Majesty, intituled An Act to provide additional Salaries to the present Clerks in the Report Office of the High Court of Chancery, and to provide additional Clerks for the said Office, and for making further Provision for the Clerks in the said Office, it is (amongst other things) enacted, that the Surplus Interest and annual Produce, which shall arise from the Money placed out and to be placed out on Securities, pursuant to the several Acts of Parliament thereinbefore mentioned or referred to, or any of them, beyond what shall be sufficient to answer the purposes of the said Acts, shall from time to time be placed out on Government or Parliamentary Securities, and shall be placed to the Credit of the said Account, raised in pursuance of the said Act of the Thirty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled*Account of Monies placed out for the Benefit and better Security of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery/ and which Fund shall be applied to answer the Demands of the said Suitors of the said Court of Chancery, in case it shall at any time be necessary to call in any Money of the said Suitors, which had been or might be placed out on Securities: And Whereas since the passing of the said recited Acts of the Fifty fifth and Fifty eighth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, the Surplus Interest and annual Produce arising from the said Securities, beyond what was sufficient to answer the purposes of the said Acts, and of the several Acts therein respectively recited or referred to, and also the Interest produced from the Securities purchased with such Surplus Interest and annual Produce, have been from time to time, by virtue of several Orders of the said Court of Chancery for that Purpose, laid out in the Purchase of Government or Parliamentary Securities, in the Name of the Accountant General of the said Court, and placed to the Credit of an Account, intituled ' Account of Securities purchased with

Surplus Interest arising from Securities carried to an Account of Monies placed out for the Benefit and better Security of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery / but although the said Investments were placed to the Credit of the said last mentioned Account, to which the fame correctly belonged, yet nevertheless the fame were not authorised to be so done by the said last mentioned Acts of % the Fifty fifth and Fifty eighth Years of His said present Majesty's Reign, it having been by Mistake thereby respectively directed that such Surplus Interest and annual Produce, when laid out in the Purchase of Government or Parliamentary Securities, in the Name of the Accountant General of the said Court, should be carried to the Account of Monies placed out for the Benefit and better Security of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery: And Whereas it is expedient and necessary that the Provisions in the said last mentioned Acts should be explained, altered and amended / May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the said Acts of the Fifty fifth and Fifty eighth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, as provides that the Surplus Interest and annual Produce which should arise from the Money placed out and to be placed out on Securities, pursuant to the several Acts of Parliament thereinbefore mentioned or referred to, or any of them, beyond what should be sufficient to answer the purposes of the said Acts, should from time to time be placed out on Government or Parliamentary Securities, and should be placed to the Credit of the said Account raised in pursuance of the said Act of the Thirty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled Account of Monies placed out for the Benefit and better Security of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery/ and which Fund should be applied to answer the Demandis of the said Suitors of the said Court of Chancery, in case it should at any time be necessary to call in any

Money

A.D. 1819. 59° GEORGII III. C. xxvii, xxviii.

Money of the said Suitors which had been or might be placed out on Securities, be and the fame is hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Surplus Interest and annual Produce which hath arisen and shall arise from the Monies placed out and to be placed out on Securities, pursuant to the said several A6h of the Fifty fifth and Fifty eighth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, or either of them, or to the several Acts therein mentioned or referred to, or any of them, or to the said Orders of the said Court of Chancery, beyond what shall be sufficient to answer the purposes of the said several Acts 5 and also the Interest produced from the Securities purchased with such Surplus Interest and annual Produce, shall from time to time be laid out in the Purchase of Government or Parliamentary Securities, in the Name of the Accountant General of the said Court, and placed to the Credit of the said Account raised in pursuance of the said Act of the Thirty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled Account of Securities purchased with Surplus Interest arising from Securities, carried to an Account of Monies placed out for the Benefit and better Security of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery.*

III. And be it further enacted, That out of the Interest and Dividends of the Government or Parliamentary Securities purchased and to be purchased as aforesaid, the Costs incurred in procuring and passing this Act, and the Costs, Charges and Expences of all Proceedings to be had in execution and in pursuance thereof, shall be paid by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, by virtue of any Order or Orders of the said Court of Chancery to be made for that Purpose.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful to and for the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, or Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal of Great Britain, for the time being, by any Order or Orders of the said Court of Chancery, to change the Security or Securities or any Part of the Securities purchased or to be puTchafed pursuant to the said several Acts, or to the Orders of the said Court of Chancery hereinbefore mentioned or referred to, or pursuant to this Act.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared, That for and notwithstanding any of the Provisions contained in this Act, if at any time hereafter the Whole or any Part of the Monies placed out pursuant to the said several Acts, or to the said Orders of the said Court of Chancery or any of them, or to be placed out in pursuance of this Act, shall be wanted to answer any of the Demands of the Suitors of the said Court of Chancery, then and in such Case the said Court may and shall direct the Whole or any Part of such Monies to be called in, and the Securities in which the fame, and the Surplus Interest and Dividends hereinbefore mentioned shall be placed, to be sold and disposed of, in order that the Suitors of the said Court may at all times be paid their respective Demands out of the common and general Cash belonging

' to such Suitors.

VI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

Cap. xxviii.

An Act for establishing an Assay Office in the City of Glasgow.

[19th May 1819.]

WHEREAS the Gold and Silversmiths and Plateworkers in and about the City of Glasgow in the County of Lanark, and in the Western Parts of Scotland, suffer great Hardship and Inconvenience in the Exercise of their Trades for want of Assayers at a convenient Place to allay and touch their

Wrought Plate; For Remedy whereof, be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That Robert Gray, William Gray, William Mitchell, Alexander Mitchell, Donald MiCallum, James New lands, Philip Grier/on, Luke Frafer New lands, William McCulloch, John Murray, James Brown Adjhead, Robert Wilson, James Finlayfon, Thomas Finlayfon, Robert Reid, John Reid, Robert Duncan, Walter Gray, Peter Aitken, David Macdonald, James Dowrtie, John Paterson, Andrew Burrell, John Heron, William Hannay, Robert Turnbull and James Allan, Gold and Silversmiths and Plate-workers in and about Glasgow, shall be and are hereby incorporated a Company of or belonging to the said City of Glasgow, and shall be called and known by the Name of The Glasgow Goldsmiths Company, and shall be Members of such Company so long as they live and reside in such Town, or within Forty Miles to the West and South thereof; which Company shall be enabled and is hereby authorised, on or before the First Day of July next, to meet at some convenient Place within the said City, and choose Four fit and proper Persons resident in the said City, or within Ten Miles thereof, by Majority of Voices, to be the Wardens of the said Company in the said City, which said Wardens shall continue for the Space of One Year and no longer, unless re-ele£bed by the Company in manner aforesaid.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said Company shall be enabled, and is hereby authorised and directed annually on the First Monday in July in every Year, out of fit and proper Persons resident in the aid City, or within Forty Miles to the West and South thereof, to choose, by a Majority of Members present at any Meeting to be held for that Purpose, One or more Person or Persons into the said Company in the place and stead of such of the said Company who shall have died or removed to a greater Distance than Forty Miles as aforesaid from the said City; and also to choose as Members of the said Company such additional fit and proper Person or Persons as such Majority may deem expedient or necessary, from among such Persons as may from time to time lawfully carry on the Trade of Goldsmiths or Silversmiths or Plate workers in Glasgow, or within the Distance thereof aforesaid; and that immediately thereafter such Company shall be so filled up or chosen in manner aforesaid, they shall be enabled and are hereby authorised and directed to proceed to the Election of the Four Wardens for the Year ensuing in manner aforesaid 5 and

6 U 2 if

106$

Application of such Surplus Interest apd annual Produce.

Expences of this Act, &c. how paid.

Lord Chancellor may change the Securities, &c.

Suitors' Money to be called in when necessary to answer any Demands of such Suitors.

Public Act-

Company

constituted.

Their Style.

Wardens to be elected.

New Members to be chosen) instead of those dying.

What sort of Persons te bat chosen.

1064 C. xxviii.

59° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1819.

Selling Gold Plate not marked as herein mentioned.

[Penalty.]

1 % G. 2. c. 26. 14 G. 3. c. 53.

Selling Silver Plate not marked as herein mentioned.

[Penalty.]

30 G. 3. c. 31. 24 G. 3. c. 53.

The Mark of the Company.

An Assayeror

Assayers to be

appointed.

To enter into Bond to the Master of the Mint in Scotland.

if any of the said Wardens so chosen as aforesaid shall happen to die or remove to a greater Distance than Ten Miles out of Glasgow as aforesaid, then the said Company shall within One Month after such Death or Removal, choose another Person in manner aforesaid to be Warden in his room, and such Person shall be and is hereby authorised and required to act accordingly for the Remainder of that Year.

III. And be it further enacted, That no Gold or Silversmith or Plateworker in Glasgow, or within Forty Miles thereof as aforesaid, shall knowingly put to sale, exchange or fell any Gold Vessel, Plate, or Manufacture of Gold made or wrought in the said City, or within the Distance aforesaid, after the First Day of July next, or export the fame out of Great Britain, until such time as such Vessel, Plate, or manufactured Gold (such Gold Plate being of the Standard of Twenty two Carats of Fine Gold per Pound Troy, or of the Standard of Eighteen Carats of Fine Gold per round Troy; such lad mentioned Standard being marked with the Number Eighteen in addition to the Marks after mentioned) shall be marked as follows; that is to say, with the Mark of the Worker or Maker thereof, which shall be the First Letter of his Christian and Surname, and also with the Lion Rampant, and with the Mark of the said Company, to denote the Goodness thereof, and to shew that the fame was assayed; and also with a distinct variable Mark or Letter, which Letter or Mark shall be annually changed upon the Election of new Wardens for the said Company, to denote the Year in which such Plate is marked, upon pain that all such Gold Plate or other manufactured Gold which shall be made, exposed to sale, exchanged or exported, contrary to this Act, shall be forfeited, or the Value thereof, One Moiety thereof to The King's Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof to such Person or Persons as will sue for the fame, to be recovered by Action in His Majesty's Court of Exchequer in Scotland; excepting always such things as by reason of their Smallness or Thinness are not capable of receiving a Touch; ana excepting also such Articles as are specially excepted by an Act of the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for the better preventing Frauds and Abuses in Gold and Silver IVares; and by another Act of the Twenty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on all Gold and Silver Plate imported, and also certain Duties on all Gold and Silver wrought Plate made in Great Britain.

IV. And be it further enacted, That no Gold or Silversmith or Plateworker in Glasgow, or within Forty

Miles thereof as aforesaid, shall knowingly put to sale, exchange or fell any Silver Vessel, Plate, or Manufacture of Silver made or wrought in the said City, or within the aforesaid Distance thereof, after the First Day of July next, or export the fame out or Great Britain, until such time as such Vessel, Plate, or

manufactured Silver (such Silver Plate being of the Standard of Eleven Ounces Two Pennyweights

of Fine Silver per Pound Troy) shall be marked as follows; that is to say, with the Mark of the

Worker or Maker thereof, which shall be the First Letter of his Christian and Surname, and also with the Lion Rampant, and with the Mark of the said Company, to denote the Goodness thereof, and to shew that the fame was assayed; and also with a distinct variable Mark or Letter, which Letter or Mark shall be annually changed upon the Election of new Wardens for the said Company, to denote the Year in which such Plate is marked, or Silver Plate of the Standard of Eleven Ounces Ten Pennyweights to be marked as aforesaid, and with the additional Mark herein after mentioned, upon pain that all such Silver Vessels, Plate, or other manufactured Silver which shall be made, exposed to sale, exchanged or exported contrary to this Act, shall be forfeited, or the Value thereof, One Moiety thereof to The King's Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof to such Person or Persons as will sue for the fame, to be recovered by Action in His Majesty's Court of Exchequer in Scotland; excepting such things as by reason of their Smallness or Thinness are not capable of receiving a Touch; and also excepting the several Wares of Silver as are specially excepted by the said recited Acts of the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Second, and Twenty fourth of His present Majesty, and also by another Act passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to alter so much of an Act made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for the better 'preventing Frauds and Abuses in Gold and Silver Waresand also so much of another Act made in the Twenty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on all Gold and Silver Plate imported; and also certain Duties on all Gold and Silver wrought Plate made in Great Britain, as relates to the marking of Silver Wares.

V. And be it further enacted, That the peculiar Mark of the said Company directed to be used as aforesaid shall be the Arms of the City of Glasgow.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Company shall from time to time elect and choose in manner aforesaid One or more able and skilful Person or Persons experienced in the assaying of Gold and Silver to be the Assayer or Assayers, and that such Person or Persons so chosen shall continue in the said Office during his or their Life or Lives, unless he or they shall neglect to attend the said Business, or shall die, or be rendered incapable of executing the said Office of Assayer; for which said Assayer or Assayers, it shall and may be lawful to detain Eight Grains only from every Pound Troy of Silver he or they shall assay. Four Grains whereof shall be put into the Box or Diet, and the other Four Grains shall be allowed him towards his Wade and Spillings in making the said Assays; and every Assayer or Assayers chosen in pursuance of this Act immediately after his or their Election or Elections, and before he or they take upon himself or themselves the Execution of the said Office, shall enter into a Bond or Obligation to the Master of His Majesty's Mint in Scotland for the time being, with Two sufficient Sureties, to be approved of by the said Master, in the Penalty of Five Hundred Pounds for the Execution of the said Office, and for the due Payment of all such Fines and Sums of Money as are and shall be charged or imposed on him or them by

this

A.D. 1819. 59° GEORGII III. xxviii.

this Act for Neglect or Fraud in the Execution of the said Office, and shall also take and subscribe the Oath following; videlicet,

I A.B. do swear, That I will be faithful and true to our Sovereign Lord King George, and will, so long

as I continue an Allayer, well and faithfully behave myself in the said Office, and no undue Profit to myfelt

take, or to any other Person whatsoever, whether the lame be or not for my own Benefit, to the Hurt or

Hindrance of any Person that is Owner or Bringer of any Gold or Silver in Plate to be allayed, except«of Wrought Plate only, Four Grains of Silver of every Pound Weight to be taken and put into the

Diet Box, and other Four Grains of Silver to be taken likewise of every Pound Weight of Silver Plate

wrought (and not otherwise) towards my Waste and Spillings in making the said Alfays; and that

I will touch no Gold or Silver but what shall be of the Goodness of and according to the Standard of 1 Great Britain, which for the time being is or shall be appointed by Law for Wrought Plate, or better;

and all such Gold and Silver respectively as shall be brought to me to be touched, I will carefully examine, to

fee if the Gold be of all one Sort of Gold, and the Silver of one Sort of Silver, and of good and sufficient Workmanship, and whether all the Pieces be fixed together that are intended to be affixed together,

1 and whether it be not charged with unnecessary Solder, and if I find the fame liable to any of the Objections aforesaid I will not alfay the fame; and that I will truly set down in Writing all such Gold and

Silver as shall be brought to me to be touched, and the fame at all times as I shall be required will duly and truly deliver again (except eight Grains as aforesaid), and will true Accounts make thereof when

required by the Wardens of the Company wherein I am chosen Allayer; and that I will no Alfays

make of things new wrought before that they be marked with the Mark of the Maker or Owner thereof;

and that I will, according to the bell of my Skill and Judgment, make every AlTay so and in such Sort 1 'and manner as rtiay bell ascertain the true intrinsic Standard of such Plate so to be alfayed; and that I will ' not put or wittingly suffer to be put into the aforesaid Box any Gold or Silver but such respectively as has

been scraped and taken in my Presence from the Plate which I shall alTay and pass for Standard; an3 that 1 I will not, by myself or in Partnership with any other Person, directly or indirectly, be concerned in the ' buying or selling of Gold or Silver Bullion, or in the manufacturing of Wrought Plate.

'So help me GOD.'

Which Oath the Lord Provoll of the City of Glasgow for the time being, or in his Absence, the Senior Magistrate of the said City, is hereby required and empowered to administer to such Alfayer.

VII. Provided always nevertheless, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person chosen AlTayer in pursuance of this Act shall neglect to attend the said Business, or shall die, or be rendered incapable of executing the said Office, that then and in either of the said Cases, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company to elect and choose in manner aforesaid another fit and proper Person to be the Af-sayer in the place and Head of the AlTayer so neglecting or dying or being incapable of executing the said Office.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Company shall find and provide, within the said City of Glasgo*Wy a proper Place for an Office for receiving in, assaying and delivering out all Wrought Plate that shall be brought to be afiayed in pursuance of this A£; and that all Wrought Plate that shall be there brought for the purpose aforesaid, shall be weighed and examined by the AlTayer; and if on view thereof, and after weighing the fame in Water, and trying the Effect of Magnetism, the AlTayer shall have suspicion of Iron or other base Metal being introduced, or wrought into or incorporated therewith, or concealed therein, he shall thereon forthwith warn the Four Wardens to attend, and they shall, along with the AlTayer, fee if such Plate brought to be assayed be all of one Sort of Gold or Silver, and of good and sufficient Workmanship, and whether all the Pieces be affixed together that are intended to be affixed together, and whether it be marked with the Maker or Owner's Mark, or be not charged with unnecessary Solder; and that if it shall be found that such Plate is liable to all or any of the Objections aforesaid, that then and in every such Cdfe the same shall be returned without any AlTay made thereof; but if such Plate shall be found free from all the Objections aforesaid, then there shall be drawn, scraped or cut off so much from each Piece, in proportion to the Weight thereof, as will not exceed in the whole the Rate of Eight Grains for every Pound Weight; and the Drawings, Scrapings or Cuttings off shall immediately after be divided into Two Moieties; and a Moiety of the Drawings, Scrapings or Cuttings off from each Piece, be delivered to the AlTayer, wherewith to make his Assays; and the other Moiety shall be locked up with Two different Locks in a Box to be provided for that Purpose, (which shall be called the Assayer's Box, ) and the respective Keys thereof shall he kept by the Senior Warden and AlTayer of the said Company.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if on view of any of the said Plate so brought to be assayed, and after weighing the fame in Water, and trying the EffeCI of Magnetism, the Wardens and AlTayer, or either of them, when called as aforesaid, shall have suspicion of Iron or other base Metal being introduced, wrought into, or concealed in any Piece of Plate so brought to be assayed, then and in such Cale it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Wardens and AlTayer to cut the fame, or cause the fame in their Presence to be cut; and if upon cutting thereof, any unnecessary Iron or other base Metal shall be found therein, the said Piece of Plate shall be broken and defaced, and they are hereby authorised and directed to break and deface the fame; and the said Plate, or the Value thereof, shall be forfeited to the said Wardens and AlTayer, and the Produce thereof be by them applied towards the Expences of the AlTay Office.

X. Provided always nevertheless, and be it enacted, That if on cutting such Plate as aforesaid, no unnecessary Iron or other base Metal shall be found therein, that then and in such Case the said Wardens and AlTayer

1065

The Assayer's Oath.

On Death or Neglect of As-sayer another may be appointed.

An Assay Office to be provided at Glasgow.

Proceedings in case of Assayer suspecting that Iron, &c, is introduced into Wrought Plate brought there to be assayed.

Plate suspected may be cut in Presence of Wardens, &c. and if base( Metal, &c. found, Plate may be defaced.

Recompeuce for Damage, when no base

io 66

Metal, &c. found. Assayer to report to Wardens.

Proceedings

thereon.

In what Case Moiety of Drawings, &c. deposited in Diet Box.

Gold and Silversmiths to enter their Names and Marks with Wardens without Fee.

Not entering Name, &c. Penalty jcL Forging, &c. Marks;

or marking / Plate with forged Marks,

or removing Marks to other Pieces, &c.

or selling or exporting out of Scotland, Plate, &c. with forged Marks;

or having in Possession forged Marks.

Transportation for 14 Years.

Stamping Plated Goods and base MetaL

Penalty icoL Plate (Exception) to be marked with the Mark of the Company.

C. xxviii. 59° GEORGII III. A.D. 1819.

shall forthwith make a Recompence and Satisfaction in Money to the Owner of such Plate, to the full Amount of the Damage done to the fame, and charge the same to the Account of the Expences of the Assay Office.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the Moiety of the Drawings, Scrapings or Cuttings off of each Piece so to be brought to the Assay Office as aforesaid, shall be put in separate Papers, and marked with corresponding Numbers, and the Assayer shall make his Report to the Wardens upon each Piece; and such of the said Numbers as the Assayer shall report to be worse than Standard, the Pieces of Plate corresponding with such Numbers shall be broke to Pieces in the Presence of the said Wardens to be called as aforesaid, and the Assayer, and returned to the Owner 5 and such Numbers as the said Assayer shall report to be Standard, or better, the Pieces of Plate corresponding with such Numbers shall be marked by the Assayer with the Company's Mark, and delivered to the Owner or Bringer of such Plate (he paying for making the Assay thereof such Sums of Money as are herein after directed to be paid for the same); and the Scrapings belonging to such corresponding Numbers which shall be so reported Standard, or better, shall be taken out of the Allayer's Box and be folded up, and the Name of the Maker of the Plate indorsed thereon, and deposited in a Box to be provided for that Purpose (which shall be called the Diet Box), and which Box shall be locked with Two different Locks, and the respective Keys thereof shall be kept by One of the said Wardens and Assayer, and which said Box shall never after be opened but in the Presence of the said Wardens and Assayer, or any of the Diet taken thereout but for the purpose of Trial thereof annually, as hereafter is mentioned; and the Moiety of the Scrapings, Drawings or Cuttings off which shall be delivered to the Assayer for the purpose of assaying, or so much thereof as shall remain after such Process, shall be put together in the Assayer's Box, in a Part thereof to be appropriated for that Purpose, to be disposed of as by this Act is herein after directed.

XII. Provided always nevertheless, and be it enacted, That if any Plate so brought to be assayed shall be reported to be of the Standard of Eleven Ounces Ten Pennyweights, or better, that then the Moiety of the Drawings, Scrapings or Cuttings off from such Plate shall be put in the Diet Box, in a Part thereof to be appropriated for that Purpose, and not blended with the other Diet, to the intent that the Diet of Plate of each of the aforesaid Standards may be separately tried on the annual Trial of the Diet herein after directed; and such Plate of the Standard of Eleven Ounces Ten Pennyweights shall be marked with the additional Mark of the Figure of Britannia.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That on or before the First Day of July next, every Goldsmith, Silver-smith or Plateworker inhabiting the City of Glasgow aforesaid, or within the Distance thereof aforesaid; and also every Person who at any time after the said First Day of July next shall follow the Trade of a Goldsmith, Silversmith or Plateworker, before he takes upon him to exercise any of the said Trades, within the Limits aforesaid, shall enter his Name, and his Mark and Place of Abode with the Wardens of the said Company, which shall be done by the said Wardens upon demand, without Fee or Reward; and if any such Goldsmith, Silversmith or Plateworker shall not enter his Name and Mark, and Place of Abode as aforesaid, or shall strike any other Mark on Plate than what is so entered, such Goldsmith, Silversmith or Plateworker so offending, shall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds, to be recovered and disposed of as aforesaid.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person whatsoever shall cast, forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be cast, forged or counterfeited, any Mark or Stamp used or to be used for marking Plate in pur-luance of this Act, or by any Maker or Worker of Gold or Silver Plate, or any or either of them, or shall cast, forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be cast, forged or counterfeited, any Mark, Stamp or Impression m imitation of or to resemble any Mark, Stamp or Impression made or to be made with any Mark or Stamp used or to be used as aforesaid by the said Company, or by any Maker or Worker of Gold or Silver Plate, or any or either of them, or shall mark or ftajnp, or cause or procure to be marked or stamped, any Gold or Silver Wrought Plate with any Mark or Stamp which hath been or shall be forged or counterfeited in imitation of, or to reiemble any Mark or Stamp used or to be used as aforesaid by the said Company, or by any Maker or Worker of Gold or Silver Plate, or any or either of them $ or shall transpose or remove, or cause or procure to be transposed or removed, from one Piece of Wrought Plate to another, or to any Plated Vessel, or to any Vessel of base Metal, any Mark, Stamp or Impression made or to be made by or with any Mark or Stamp used or to be used as aforesaid by the said Company, or by any Maker or Worker of Gold or Silver Plate, or any or either of them; or shall fell, exchange or expose to sale, or export out of Scotland\ any Gold or Silver Wrought Plate, or any Vessel of base Metal, with any such forged or counterfeit Mark, Stamp or Impression thereon, or any Mark, Stamp or Impression which hath been or shall be transposed or removed from any other Piece of Plate, knowing such Mark, Stamp or Impression to be forged, counterfeited or transposed or removed as aforesaid 5 or shall wilfully or knowingly have or be possessed of any Mark or Stamp which hath been or shall be forged or counterfeited in imitation of or to resemble any Mark or Stamp used or to be used as aforesaid by the said Company, or by any Maker or Worker of Gold or Silver Plate, or any or either of them, every such Person offending in any, eacn or either of the Cases aforesaid, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall, by Order of the Court before whom such Offender shall be convicted, be transported for the Term of Fourteen Years.

XV. And be it further enacted, That if any Working Goldsmith or Silversmith, or Dealer in Wrought Plate, or any Worker or Dealer in any other Metal, plated or covered with Gold or Silver, shall strike or cause to be struck any Letter or Letters upon any Vessel or other thing made of Metal, plated or covered with Gold or Silver, or upon Metal Vessel or other thing made to look like Gold or Silver, such Person or Persons fa offending shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds, to be recovered and disposed of as aforesaid.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Goldsmith, Silversmith and Plateworker, shall first fix his or their Mark upon his or their Plate which shall be made from and after the First Day of July next (except such things which, by reason of their Smallness or Thinness, are not capable of receiving the

Touch*

A.D. 1819. 59° GEORGII III. C. xxviii. 1067

Touch, and also excepting the several Wares excepted by the said recited Acts), and shall then bring or fend the same to the Office of the said Company, where they shall have entered their Mark and Place of Abode, and the same shall be there assayed according to this Act 5 and if by the Allayer it shall be found to be of the Fineness of Standard which for the time being is or shall be appointed by Law for Wrought Plate, or better, then the same shall be marked with the Mark of the said Company, and of the A flayer; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Aflayer, or such other Person as the Wardens for the Fee for marktime being of the said Company shall appoint, to a(k, demand, take and receive of and from all and ing. every such Person and Persons as shall from time to time bring to the Assay Office belonging to the said Company any Piece or Parcel of Wrought Plate to be assayed, tried and marked, such Prices, Sums of Money or Rewards as they shall think fit, so as such Prices, Sums of Money or Rewards do not exceed the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence for every Pound Troy of Plate, and so proportionably for every greater or less Quantity lo assayed and marked: Provided nevertheless, that if any Parcel or single Piece of Proviso for Wrought Plate shall be brought or sent to the said Office to be assayed, which, according to the Rate or Price 81131111 Parcels hereinbefore limited, shall not amount to the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence, then there shall be paid for or E, eces' assaying and marking such Parcel or single Piece of Wrought Plate, a Sum of Money or Reward not exceeding One Shilling and Sixpence, any thing herein contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the Assayers so to be chosen by virtue of this Act as aforesaid, Assayernot shall not discover by Description, in Words or otherwise, to any Person or Persons whatsoever, any Pattern,

Design or Invention of any Piece of Gold or Silver Plate brought or to be brought to the Office to be assayed

as aforesaid, or permit the same to be viewed or seen by any Person whatsoever but the Wardens and other Persons neceflaruy employed or to be employed in the said Office; and also shall keep a Book or Books wherein to keeP a shall be entered the Names of every Owner of Plate brought to be assayed, and the Aflortment of Plate

assayed, and an Account of the Money received for the assaying thereof, and likewise an Account of the ownem of Monies arising from the Scrapings and Cuttings off of the said Plate so brought to be assayed, when the fame plate brought shall be sold in manner herein after directed, and also an Account of the Officers and Servants, Salaries and to be assayed. Wages, and other incidental Expences attending the carrying this Act into execution; and that every Member of the said Company shall have free Accels to the said Books and Inspection thereof; and any Aflayer who #Assayer offend-shall so discover any Pattern or Invention as aforesaid, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay a Sum not lngf exceeding Ten Pounds Sterling, to be recovered and applied in manner herein after prescribed. Penalty 10L

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Marks of the said Company shall be locked up in a Box, Marks to be whereof the Key shall be kept by the Aflayer of the said Company, to be used by him for the purpose of lockd of marking the Plate which shall have been allayed and reported Standard 5 and if the Affaver shall mark or Marking Plate suffer to be marked with the Company's Mark any Plate that has not been duly assayed and found Standard, not/Joly a»-he shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds Sterling, to be recovered and disposed of in manner herein- 9

after mentioned, and shall be turned out of his Office, and be rendered ever after incapable of exercising the Penalty 10L Office of an Aflayer.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the Aflayer of the said Company shall Four times in every Year Scrapings, &c. duly weigh, in the Presence of the Wardens of the said Company, all the Scrapings and Cuttings off of the 10* weighed Silver deposited in the A flayer's Box, after Report thereof made as aforesaid, and enter the true Weight ^n^(^erod in thereof in a Book to be kept for that Purpose; and that when the fame is so weighed and entered, it shall a 00

and may be lawful to and for the said Wardens to sell and dispose thereof, and after entering an Account of the Produce thereof in the Book belonging to such Company, containing their Receipts and Payments for and on the Account of the Assay Office, pay and apply the lame for and towards such Payments.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the Diet Box belonging to the said Company shall once in every Diet Box to be

Year be opened in the Presence of the Aflayer and the Four Wardens, and the Diet therein be taken out and "J* yearly carefully packed up, and secured and sealed with the respective Seals of the said Wardens and Aflayer, Edin-

and by them in each other's Presence delivered to a Messenger, to be by him conveyed to His Majesty's Mint*

at Edinburgh, and delivered to the Matter of the Mint for Scotland, or his Deputy, or other Person or Persons from time to time lawfully appointed and authorised to receive the same, taking a Receipt from such Person who shall receive it for the fame, which Receipt the said Matter of the Mint for Scotland, or his Deputy, are hereby directed to give; and that the Messenger conveying the fame shall, at the time of the delivering thereof, Messenger to make Oath before the said Matter or % his Deputy (which Oath the said Matter or his Deputy are hereby Dath as authorised and directed to administer), that he received the Box or Parcel (as the case may be) from the men'

Wardens and Affaver of the Company, so sealed as on the Delivery thereof, and that the fame had not been opened after he haa so received the same.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the Matter of His Majesty's Mint for Scotland for the time being, Diet to be tried or his Deputy, shall, within Fourteen Days next after the said Diet shall have been so delivered, fix and by Master of appoint a time for the Trial of the said Diet by The King's Assay Matter of His Majesty's Mint for Scotland,

before such Person or Persons as shall from time to time be appointed by the Lord High Treasurer of the ur^b'

United Kingdom of Great Brit cun and Ireland, or the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or any Three or more of them, for the time being, for the

Trial of Gold and Silver Plate at Edinburgh; and that the said Matter of the Mint or his Deputy shall, by Master to give

Letter to be sent by the General Pott, give such Aflayer whose Diet is to be tried, Notice of the time and Notice thereof

Place appointed for such Trial, that he may be present if he thinks fit; and on that Day whereon the Person Assayer*

or Persons to be appointed from time to time as aforesaid shall so appoint, the Trial shall be proceeded in, in

the Manner and under the fame Regulations, in and under which Trials of Wrought Plate are proceeded in

and made in Edinburgh; and if upon such Trial the lame shall be found of the Standard Fineness, or better,

then

io68

If Diet not Standard.

Penalty iocl. and Incapacity.

No Profit to be made by the Company.

Trial Pieces to be transmitted to the Master of the Mint.

Fees of the Master or his Deputy on the yearly Trials.

Company may make Bye Laws, &c.

Proviso,

Oath of Wardens.

Master of the Mint in Scotland may assign over Assayer's Bond to Persons recovering Judgment against Assayer.

Assignee may proceed (hereon.

C. xxviii. 59° GEORGII III. A.D. 1819.

then and in such Case His Majesty's said Assay Matter for Scotland, or his Deputy, shall return the said Diet to or to the Order of the Wardens and Assay Matter of the Company aforesaid, who are hereby authorised to sell and dispose thereof, and having entered the Produce thereof in the Book of Accounts of the Receipts and Payments of the said Company, pay and apply such Produce for and towards the necessary Expence of the said Company.

XXII. Provided always nevertheless, and be it enacted, That if on the said Trial the said Diet shall be found not of Standard r ineness, according to the respective Standards thereof, but worse, then and in such Case the Assayer belonging to the said Company, whose Diet shall be so tried, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds, to be recovered and disposed of as aforesaid, and shall ever after be rendered incapable of acting as an Assayer.

XXIII. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That in case the said Prices, Sums of Money, or Rewards hereby given, granted or allowed to the said Company for the assaying and marking Wrought Plate, shall raise more Money than shall be sufficient to defray the Expence of obtaining ana passing this Act, and the necessary Expences of the said Assay Offices, then the Overplus Money (\if any) shall be applied by the said Company from time to time in the prosecuting Offenders against this Act; and if such Prosecutions shall not require the Whole of such Overplus, then and in such Case the said Prices, Sums of Money or Rewards shall afterwards be lessened in proportion by the said Company; and they are hereby required to take so much less for the assaying, trying and marking Wrought Plate for the future, as will reduce the Sum to be taken to such a Sum as will answer the purposes aforesaid only, without bringing any Profit to the said Company; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Wardens and Allayer of the said Company shall from time to time, when required by the Matter of His Majesty's Mint for Scotland, or his Depute, transmit to the said Matter or his Depute, at the Office of His Majesty's Mint at Edinburgh, Specimens of the Trial Pieces used by the said Company, or their Wardens and Assayers, in trying and touching the Wrought Plate brought to the said Company to be by them assayed, so that the Purity of the Trial Pieces used by the said Company may be at all times known, and subject to the Examination of the said Matter and his Deputy.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the said Company shall, before the Assay of their Diet, yearly and every Year pay to the Matter of His Majesty's Mint for Scotland, or his Deputy, for the Use of his Deputy, such and the like Fees, Dues or Recompences as are for the time paid by the Workers of Gold and Silver Plate in Edinburgh.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company, or the major Part of them, and they are hereby authorised and empowered, from time to time, to make Bye Eaws, Rules and Orders for the well Government and Management of their Offices, and for fixing the Salaries and Rewards of the respective Officers, and for fixing the time and manner for receiving in and delivering out Plate brought to be assayed, and for every other purpose relative to the Conduct or Management of such Office, and to enforce Observance thereof by the Imposition and Exa&ion of Penalties not exceeding Five Pounds for each Offence, from any Person or Persons acting in opposition to such Bye Laws, Rules and Orders: Provided always, that such Bye Laws, Rules and Orders do not in any respect contradi& or be inconsistent with this Act, or the Laws of that Part of the United Kingdom called Scotland, and affect only the Members, Officers, Servants, and others belonging to the said Company.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That each of the Wardens of the said Company shall, after his Election, and before he takes upon him the Execution of the said Office, take and subscribe the following Oath:

J A* B* do swear, That I will, so long as I continue a Warden, well and faithfully behave myself in the said Office; and that I will not discover, by Description in Words or otherwise, to any Person or Persons whatsoever, any Pattern, Design or Invention of any Piece of Gold or Silver Plate, brought or to be

brought to the said Office to be assayed, or wittingly or willingly permit the same to be viewed or seen by any rerson whomsoever, but the Persons necessarily employed or to be employed in the Assay Office; and that I will in all things conform to the Rules laid down in an Act of Parliament passed in the Fifty ninth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled [here insert the Title of this Act.] So help me GOD.

Which Oath the Lord Provost of the City of Glasgow, or in his Absence, the Senior Magistrate for the time, is hereby required and empowered to administer to such Wardens.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall at any time hereafter recover Judgment in any Court against any Assay Matter of the Company aforesaid, for any Penalty imposed on him by this Act for Neglect or Fraud in the Execution of his Office, and such Penalty, together with the Costs adjudged, shall not be paid within the time prescribed by that Court wherein such Judgment shall be obtained, that then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the Matter of His Majesty's Mint in Scotland for the time being, and he is hereby authorised and directed, to afligo over to such Person or Persons so recovering such Judgment the said Bond or Obligation so directed to be entered into by the said Assayer and his Sureties to the Matter of His Majesty's Mint as aforesaid, in order to enable such Person or Persons to bring one or more Action or Actions thereon against such Assayer and his Sureties or either of them, or the Heirs, Executors or Administrators of them or either of them, for the Recovery of such Penalty so recovered against the Assayer, together with the Costs adjudged 5 and the Assignee to the said Bond as aforesaid shall be entitled to proceed thereon, and on the Assignation thereof, by summary Diligence against: the said Assayer and other Obligants therein*

A.D. 1819. 59° GEORGII III. p.xxviii — xxxiv. 1069

XXIX. Provided always nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That if in any Action to be brought on the said Bond as last aforesaid the Plaintiff be nonsuited, that then the Costs of Nonsuit shall be paid by the Plaintiff or Affigjnee of said Bond, and that the Mailer of His Majesty's Mint be wholly exonerated from all Expences to be incurred in any Diligence raised upon the said Bond to be assigned by him as aforesaid, any Law, Usage or Statute to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any Fines or Penalties not exceeding Ten Pounds are imposed by this Act, the Prosecution for the Offence for the Commission whereof such Fines or Penalties are fought to be recovered shall be by summary Complaint before any One or more Justice or Justice8 of the Peace of the County in which such Offence shall occur; and such Justice or Justices shall and may grant summary Warrant for summoning Evidence, and thereupon proceed against the Party or Parties in a summary Way; and upon Conviction by the Confession of the Offender, or on the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or other Evidence competent by the Law of Scotland, if the Penalty be not instantly paid, the Goods and Effects of the Offender or Offenders may be distrained and sold by the Warrant of such Justice or Justices 5 and in case there shall not be found sufficient Effects, the Offender or Offenders may be committed to any Gaol within the Jurisdiction of such Justice or Justices until the Expiration of Two Calendar Months from the Period of Commitment: Provided always, that in case of distraining as aforesaid, the Overplus, after Payment of the Penalty, and all Charges and Expences, shall be returned to the Owner; and the Penalties to be so recovered shall be applied in the fame Way as Plate forfeited for not being properly marked is by this Act directed to be applied; and if any Person or Persons shall think himself or themselves aggrieved by the Judgment of any such Justice or Justices, he or they shall or may, upon giving Security to make good such Sentence and to pay such Costs as may be ordered in case such Judgment mail be affirmed, appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the next General Quarter Sessions for the County in which such Judgment shall be given 5 and in case the Judgment shall be affirmed it shall be lawful for such Justices to order the Appellant to pay the Costs of such Appeal, and the Determination of such Justices shall be final, and not liable to Suspension, Advocation or Reduction.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That every Action or Suit to be brought or prosecuted under this Act, other than Actions for or on account of Penalties not exceeding Ten Pounds, shall be brought in His Majesty's Court of Exchequer in Scotland.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and other Persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

Costs of Suit in such Action.

Recovery and Application of Penalties not exceeding 10L

Appeal.

Actions (Exception) to be in Court of Exchequer in Scotland.*

[Public Act.]

Cap. xxix.

An Act for altering and amending an Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Lothian 57G.J. «.lvi Road near the City of Edinburgh, to join the Forth and Clyde Navigation near Falkirk, in the County of Stirling.

[19th May 1819.]

Cap. xxx.

An Act for improving the Lighthouse on the Isle of Anglesea, belonging to the Trustees of the Liverpool Docks, and for further amending the Acts relating to the Docks ana Harbour of Liverpool.

[19th May 1819.]

[Acts recited — 8 Anne, c. 12. 3 G. 1. 11 G. 2. c. 32. 2 G. 3. c. 86. 25 G. 3. c. 15. 39 G. 3. c. fix.

51 G. 3. c. cxliii. 53 G. 3. c. clvi.]

(<z) [The Act does not appear amongst the Chapters in the common printed Editions, except that in Raithby's Edition of the Statutes it is the fourth offeveral Titles of Acts at the end of 3 G. 1. c. 21, and which are there Jtated to be taken from the Roll.]

Cap. xxxi.

An Act to enable the Commissioners for improving the Harbour of New Shoreham, in the County raise more Money for completing the said Harbour and the Works thereto belonging.

[19th

of Suffix, to 56 Q.3.C.IXXU. May 1819.]

Cap. xxxii.

An Act for supplying with Water the Town of Burnley, and a certain Part of the Township of Habergham Eaves, both in the Parish of JVhalley, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

[19th May 1819.]

Cap. xxxiii.

An Act to alter and amend an Act of the Fifty fourth Year of His present Majesty, for erecting and main- $4 0.3, 0 taining a New Court House and other Offices for the City and County of Aberdeen, and for providing and maintaining an additional Gaol for the said City and County, and for other purposes relating thereto.

[19th May 1819.]

Cap.

XXXIV.

An Act for paving, lighting, watching and improving the Town of Burnley, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

[19th May 1819.]

59 Geo. III.

6 X

c. xxxv — xlvii

A.D. 1819. 59° GEORGII III.

JO G. 3. c.xliiL

45 G.3. cxdx. wpealed.

j8 G. 3. C. 98. 40 G. 3. c.xcviL cdHtintied.

30 G. a. c. 69. 19 G. 3. c. 107. 40 G. 3. c. mi. continued*)

39 G. 3-c.bdiL repealed*

30 G. a. c. 46. 29 G.3* c. 112. 4i G/3. U. K* c. xviiL all r^>ealed.

18 G. 3. c. 93. 39 G. 3. c. xL bothfcipart repealed, $ a*

19 G.3. ciaa 39 G. 3. c. xiiL continued.

Cap. xxxv.

An Act for building a new Church in the Parish of Saint Luke, Chelsea, in the County of Middlesex, and for other purposes relating thereto.

[19th May 1819.]

Cap. xxxvi.

An Act for repairing and enlarging the Church of the Parish of Mitcham, in the County of Surrey, and providing an additional Burial Ground thereto.

[19th May 1819.]

Cap. xxxvii.

An Act for defraying the Expences incurred in taking down, rebuilding and enlarging the Chapel of Samt Hi Ids, in the Parish of Jarrow, in the County Palatine of Durham.

[19th May 1819.]

Cap. xxxvih.

An Act for building a Chapel of Ease in the Parish of Boston, in the County of Lincoln.

[19th May 1819.]

Cap. xxxix.

An Act for establishing a Select Vestry in the Parish of Saint Poner as, in the County of Middlesex, and for other purposes relating thereto.

[19th May 1819.]

Cap. xl.

An Act for lighting the City of Carli/le, and the Suburbs thereof, with Gas.

[19th May 1819.]

Cap. xli.

An Act for amending and keeping in Repair the Road from Kettering to the Town of Northampton, in the County of Northampton. (a) [19th May 1819.I

[One Half additional Toll on Sunday.]

Cap. xlii.

An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the City of Gloucester to the Town of Stroud, in the County of Gloucester.

[19th May 1819.]

Cap. xliii.

An Act for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of Three Acts of the Reign of His late and present Majesty, for amending several Roads therein mentioned, so far as relate to the Road from Wrexham in the County of Denbigh, to Pentre Bridge in the County of Flint; and for making a new Branch of Road from the said Road at a Place near Abermorddu to Mold, in the said County of FUnt. (c)

[19th May 1819.]

[Former Tolls to cease. New Tolls granted. One Half additional Toll on Sunday.]

Cap. xliv.

An Act for repairing and improving the Trowbridge Roads in the Counties of Wilts and Somerset. (I)

[19th May 1819.]

[Additional Trustees. Royal Family exempt from Toll.]

Cap. xlv.

An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from Briclers Bam, in the Parish of Corsham, in the County of Wilts, to the Road leading from Kingsdown to Bath Easton, in the County of Somerset. (b)

'ioth

[Additional Trustees.] Cap. xlvi.

[19th May 1819.]

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Evesham Bridge, in the County of Worcester, to Alcester, in the County of Warwick, (b)

[19th May 1819.]

[Royal Family emempt from Toll.]

Cap. xlvii.

An Act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from Kilburn Bridge, in the County of Middlesex, to Sparrow's Heme, in the County of Hertford, (a) [19th May 1819.]

[Former Tolls to cease. New Tolls granted.]

Cap. xlviii.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts of His late and present Majesty, for repairing the 29 G.2# c. 54.

Roads from the Top of Hamham Hilly near the City of New Sarum, through Blandford and Dorchcfter9 to 2 G* 3* c. 64. AJkerwell Hill; and from Hamham Hill aforesaid, to a House called Mailer Baku's Farmhouse, in the II ?*c*8*\. Counties of Wilt, and Dorset. (c) [19th May 1819.]

[Additional Trustees. Former Tolls to cease. New Tolls granted. Royal Family exempt from Toll.'}

Cap. xlix.

An Act for repairing the Road from Bromsgrove in the County of Worcester to Birmingham in the County of Warwick, (a)^[19th May 1819.]

[Additional Trustees. Royal Family exempt from Toll.}

13 G.i. c. 15. 21 G. a. C. 22. II G. 3. C. 92. 30 G. 3. c. IOZ* all in part repealed.

37 G.3. 0.172*

Cap. L

An Act to continue the Term and alter and enlarge the Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Atcham to Condover and Dorrington, and other Roads in the said Act mentioned, in the County of Salop, (h) [19th May 1819.]

[Additional Trustees.}

Cap. li.

An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from Clitheroe to Whalley, and from thence to Blackburn and 16 G. 3. c. 75. Mellor Brooky in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and for making a Branch of Road between Blackburn 36 G. 3. c. 144. and Whalley. (o) f19th May 1819.] 4$G.3.<^xxxiii#

[.Additional Trustees. Royal Family exempt from Toll.} a 1 repealed*

Cap. lii.

An Act for continuing and amending an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads in the Counties 40 G. 3. c.liL of Somerset and Dorfhty passing through or near the Town of Teovil; and for repairing the Road from Mud- continued. ford Bridge to Marston Elmt in the said County of Somerset. (a) [19th May 1819.] 55 G>3«c*

[Additional Trustees. Former Tolls to cease. New Tolls granted. Royal Family exempt from Toll.}

Cap. liii.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Three Acts, for repairing the Road from Dewftmry -to Ealand 3a G. 2 . c. 54. in the West Riding of the County of York. (r) [19th May 1819.] 19 G*3* c. 83.

\New Trustees. Additional Trustees. Former Tolls to cease. New Tolls granted. Royal Family exempt from Toll.} jlfxMir.

continued.

Cap. liv.

An Act for reviving and continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, 19 G. 3. c. 9JC. for repairing the Road leading from Stratford upon Avon to Edghill in the County of Warwick. (b) continued.

[19th May r81 g.}

[Additional Trustees.}

Cap. lv.

An Act for improving the Harbour of Budey in the County of Cornwall; and for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the said Harbour of Buds to or near the Village of Thornbury, in the County of Devon, anddivers Branches therefrom, all in the said Counties of Cornwall and Devon.

[14th June 1819.]

Cap. lvi.

An Act for more effectually maintaining and amending the Road from Crofsford Bridge to the Town of 38 G. 3. c.lxxL Manchefery in the County Palatine of Lancaster. (a) [14th June 1819.] rePeale<k

[Additional Trustees. One Half additional Toll from Occupiers of Trafford House.}

Cap. lvii.

An Act for more effectually making and maintaining certain Turnpike Roads in the County of Elgin; 45 G. 3. c.xlfk and for more effectually converting into Money the Statute Labour in the said County, for repairing the repealed with-Highways and Bridges therein. (?) [14th June 1819.]

[Half Toll only between Forres and Findhom. Royal Family exempt from Toll.}

Cap. lviii.

An Act for more effectually making, amending and maintaining certain Roads and Bridges in the Counties of 42 G. 3. c.ckvu» Durham and Berwick, and Liberties of Berwick upon Tweed; for repairing and maintaining certain other so G. 3. c. lxi. Roads therein mentioned 5 and for improving the Entrance to the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, (ft) both rePealed*

[14th June 1819.]

[Additional Trustees.}

6X2

1072 C.lix — lxxi,

A.D. 1819.

29 O. 3* c. 79

31 G. 3. c. 95. 38 G. 3. c. xx.

50 G. 3. c. lxxiii. revived and continued.

S6G.3. (I.)

55 G. 3* c.lxxxL in part repealed.

8 G. 3. c. 36. in part repealed.5 G. 3- c. 99. a6 G. 3. c. 30.

3a G. 3. c. 101. 33 G. 3. c. 107. 39 & 40 G. 3. c. lvii. 47 G. 3.

5a G. 3. C.CXCV. 53 G. 3. c.xxxii. 56 G.3.

«.lxxxv. all in part repealed.

46 G. 3. c. cxxxvi.

5a G. 3. c.cxiii.

4 G. 3. c. 60. in part repealed, ax G. 3. C. 74.

7 G. 3. c. aa. (I.) in part repealed.

59° GEORGII III.

Cap. lix.

An Act for continuing, altering and enlarging the Terms and Powers of several Acts for 'making and maintaining certain Roads in the Counties of Lanark, Ayr and Renfrew, and building a Bridge over the River Clyde at Dalmamock, and for making and maintaining a Road from the Confines of the County of Ayr towards Sanquhar, in the County of Dumfries. (£) [14th June 1819.]

Cap. lx.

An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act of His present Majesty for repairing the Roads leading into the City of Hereford, and several Roads communicating therewith; for transferring the Road from Worme-low Tump to Hare wood, from the Madley to the Hereford District, and for making a new Road from the Tuft Wood, in the Parish of Hentland, to the Confines of the Parish of Ganerew, in the County of Hereford* as a Third District. (r) [i4tn June819.3

[Royal Family exempt from Toll1]

Cap. lxi.

An Act for raising further Sums of Money for building and supporting the Meath Hospital and County of Dublin Infirmary.

[14th June 1819.]

Cap. lxii.

An Act for amending several Acts of His present Majesty, relating to the Coventry Canal Navigation.

[14th June 1819.]

Cap. lxiii.

An Act for repairing and altering, and taking down and rebuilding, certain Parts of the Parish Church of Saint John toe Baptist, Peterborough, in the County of Northampton.

[14th June 1819.]

Cap. lxiv.

An Act to alter and amend the several Acts passed for making and maintaining the Lancaster Canal Navigation.

[14th June 1819.]

aess.a. c. cxiii. all in part repealed.

Cap. lxv.

An Act for taking down and rebuilding the Parish Church of Blackburn, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and for providing additional Burial Ground, and for equalising the Church Rates in the said Parish, and other purposes.

[14th June 1819.]

Cap. lxvi.

An Act for altering and amending the several Acts passed for making a Canal from the Grand Junction Canal, in the Parish of Paddington, to the River Thames, in the Parish of Limehouse, in the County of Middlesex.'[14th June 1819.]

Cap. lxvii.

An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act passed in the Forty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for Supplying the City and Suburbs of Glasgow with Water.

[14th June 1819.]

Cap. lxviii.

An Act for better supplying the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, with Gas.

[14th June 1819.]

Cap. lxix.

An Act for enabling the Governor and Guardians of the Poor of the City of Gloucester to light the said City with Gas, and to enter into the necessary Contrafts for that Purpose.

[14th June 1819.]

Cap. lxx.

An Act to provide for the Election of Trustees of the Royal Exchange, Dublin.

[14th June 1819.]

Cap. lxxi.

An Act for paving, lighting, watching, cleansing, regulating and improving the Borough of Newcastle under Lyme.

[14th June 1819.]

A.D. 1819. 59° GEORGII III. C.lxxii — lxxxii. 1075

Cap. lxxii.

An Act for altering and amending an Act of the Fifty first Year of His present Majesty, for paving, lighting ji'G.j. c.xxxir* and cleansing the City of Perth, and for maintaining Police and good Order within the said City.

[14th June 1819.]

Cap. lxxiii.

An Act for better paving, cleansing and lighting the Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields and Saint George a G. 3. c. 21. Bloomsbury, in the County of Middlesex, and for vetting the foie Management thereof in the Vestrymen of 3 G. 3. 0.23.

the said Parishes, and a Committee of the Inhabitants thereof.

[14th June 1810.I 4*5#3* c. 39.]

_ ,J 5 G. 3. c 50.

ix G. 3. c.*a. 30G. 3. C. 53. 476.3.865* XIXTiii.

Cap. lxxiv.

An Act for paving, lighting, cleansing and otherwise improving the Town of Saint Neots, in the County of Huntingdon.

[14th June 1819.]

Cap. lxxv.

An Act for paving and otherwise improving the Town of Romford, in the Liberty of Havering atte Bower, in the County of EJT'X.

[14th June 1819.]

Cap. lxxri.

An Act for draining, preferring from Water, and improving certain low Lands and Grounds, lying in the several Parishes of Congrejhury, Puxton, Winscombe, Banwell, Churchill, Kewflole, Week Saint Lawrence, and Tatton, in the County of Somerset.

[14th Jttne 1819.]

Cap. lxxrii.

An Act to amend and enlarge the Powers of an Act of His present Majesty for draining, enclosing and 5»G.3#c.cxliiw improving the Lands called Borough Fen Common, and the Four Hundred Acre Common, in the County of Northampton, and for forming the fame into a Parish, to be called Newhorough, and for building and endowing a Church for such Parish.

[14th June 1819.]

[Separate Award of Allotments to His Majesty, $11.]

Cap. lxxviii.

An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for draining and preserv- 7 G. 3. c. 53. ing certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds lying in the South Level, Part of the Great Level of the Fens 59 G. 3. c. 34. called Bedford Level, and in the County of Cambridge, between the River Cam otherwise Grant, West ;1 and the Hardlands of Bottisham, Swaffham Bulbed, and Swaffham Prior, East; and for other purposes repealed, §2.44. therein mentioned.

[14th June 1819.]

Cap. lxxix.

An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of several Acts of His present Majesty, for improving the 35 G. 3. c. 77. Drainage of the Middle and South Levels, part of the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford Level, and 3^ G. 3. c. 33. other Lands therein mentioned; and for improving the Navigation of the River Ou % e, in the County of 45 G. 3. c.lxxii. Norfolk, and of the several Rivers communicating therewith.

[14th June 1819.]

58 G. 3. c.xlviii. continued, §1. but in part repealed, §15.

Cap. lxxx.

An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from Bradford to Wakefield, in the West % 6 G. a. c. 83. Riding of the County of York, (a) [14th 1819.]7 g-3^ 7>

[.Additional Trustees. Royal Family exempt from Toll.] ail in part

repealed, $ z.

Cap. lxxxi.

An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road to branch off from the Great North Road at the South End of Barnfdde through Pontefrafi, and from thence to a certain Place called Thwaite Gate, all in the West Riding of the County of York. (b) [14th June 1819.]

[Additional Trustees. Lessees of His Majesty reftding within the late Part of Pontefract in right of His Duchy of

Lancaster exempt from Toll.']

Cap. lxxxii.

An Act for continuing and amending Three Acts of His late and present Majesty for repairing several Roads, 0. 65.

leading from the Town of Kington, in the County of Hereford, and for repairing several other Roads in the 13 3* c-95-

said County, communicating with the Roads comprised in the said Acts. (a) [14th June 1819.]

[Former Tolls to cease. New Tolls granted. Royal Family exempt from Toll. Additional loll on Sunday.]

1074 C. lxxxiii — xciii. 59° GEORGII III. A.D. 1819.

Cap. lxxxiii.

An Act for making and maintaining a Road from Marlborough, to the present Turnpike Road at or near Coate, in the Parish of Lidding ton, in the County of Wilts, (b) [14th June 1819.]

[ Additional Trustees.]

29 G.i. c. 81. 18 G. 3. c. 99-38 G. 3. c.lxv. all continued,

§1.

Cap. lxxxiv.

An Act to continue and amend Three Acts for repairing the Roads from Fryer Bacon's Study to Chilton Pond, and from the Top of Hinksey Hill to Foxcombe Hul Gate, in the Road leading to Far ring don, in the County of Berks, so far as relates to the Oxford District of the said Roads, (r) [14th June 1819.]

[New Trustees. Additional Trustees. Royal Family exempt from Toll.]

Cap. lxxxv.

An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from Runcorn to Northwich, in the County Palatine of Chester. (b) [14th dune 1819.]

[ Additional Trustees. Royal Family exempt from Toll.]

Cap. lxxxvi.

29 G. 2.0.64. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from Shrewsbury to Preston Brockhurst, to continued by Shaw bury and to Shreyhill, and other Roads in the County of Salop. [b) [14th June 1819.]

£7 g! 3. c. 85! [Additional Trustees. Additional Toll on Sunday.]

33 G. 3. c. 17a. all repealed as to Roads heron mentioned.

Cap. lxxxvii.

An Act for making and maintaining a Road from the Tunstall and Bosley Turnpike Road at Gtllow Hollow, in the Parish of Biddulph, in the County of Stafford, to Park Lane, communicating with the Congleton and Leek Turnpike Road, near Lane-in shaw Bridge in the County of Chester, with a Branch to the said Tunstall and Bojley Turnpike Road at Lich Lane, in the said Parish of Biddulph. (a) [14th June 1819.]

[Royal Family exempt from Toll.']

An Act for repairing, widening, improving and maintaining in Repair the several Roads leading to and from the Town of Bridport, and for making a new JLine of Road to communicate with the fame. Ch)

£i4th June 1819.]

Cap. lxxxviii.

*7 G. % . c. 32.

5 O.3. c. 75.

39 G. 3.

ropoded si to [Additional Tru/lces* Royal Family exempt from Toll.]

Roads within the First and Second Districts, §1.

Cap. lxxxix.

38 G. 3. c. viii. An Act for repairing and improving several Roads leading to and from the Town of Bradford, in the County-repealed, §1. of Wilts; and for maintaining a Bridge over the River Avon, at Stokeford, in the said County, (b)

[14m June 1819.]

[Additional Trustees Royal Family exempt from Toll.]

56 G. 3.

c. lxxxiii.

58 G. 3. c. 44.

Cap. xc.

An Act for altering and amending Two Acts passed in the Fifty sixth and Fifty eighth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for improving the Road from the City of Glasgow to the City of Carlisle.

[14th June 1819.]

17 G. 3. c. 105. in part repealed, §4. 10.12. 39-38 G. 3. c.xxiii. both continued.

Cap. xcL

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Huddersf eld to Peniflone, in the County of York. (r) [14th June 1819.]

[New Trustees. Former Tolls to cease. New Tolls granted. Royal Family exempt from Toll.]

Cap. xcii.

25 G. 2. c. 58. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts relating to the Road from the Town of I*eeds9 in part repealed, through Harewood, to the South West Corner of the Inclosures of Harrogate, in the West Riding of the a9G.»5'c. 7x. County of York.

[14th 1819.]

17 G. 3. c. 79. [Additional Trustees. Former Tolls to cease. New Tolls granted. Royal Family exempt from Toll.]

36 G. 3. c. 138. all continued, but in part repealed as to Exemptions, j 18.

Cap. xciii.

*9 G. > c. rro An Act to continue the Term and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts -of His present Majestys Reign, for 38 G.3. c xln. repairing the Road from Rochdale Lane End, in the Village of Hey wood, to a Place called the Land's End but ^G*"119ln Frejlwich, in the County Palatine of Lancaster. (c) [14/A June 1819.]

«.xiii. in part repealed, §8.

A.D. 1819. 59° GEORGII III.

C.xciv — ciii. 1075

Cap. xciv.

An Act for amending the Road from Tadcqfter to Halton Dyai\ in the West Riding of the County of 24 q c 22# Tori. (b) [14th June 1819.] 16 G. 3. c. 8a.

[Additional Trustees. Royal Family exempt from Toll.'] 38 G.3. e. ii.

all in part re-

Cap. xcv. pericd.j!.

An Act for repairing, widening and improving the several Roads round the City of Rrijioly and for making 19 G. 3. c. 117, certain new Lines of Road to communicate with the fame. (b) [14th June 1819.] 37 G. 3. c. 178.

[Additional Trustees. Royal Family exempt from Toll.] kjth

Cap. xcvi.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Three Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads in the Counties of Worcester, Stafford and Salop, so far as relate to the Road leading from Pedmore to Holly Hally and other Roads therein mentioned 5 and for repairing another Road in the said Counties of Stafford and Salop, or one of them, (r) [14th June 1819.]

[Additional Trustees. Former Tolls to cease. New Tolls granted. Royal Family exempt from Toll.]

Cap.

xcvii.

An Act for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of Three Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Town of Tenter den to the Town of AJlford, in the County of Kent; and for making a new Branch of Road therefrom, to communicate with the Town of Biddenden, in the said County, (b)

[14th June 1819.]

[Additional Trustees.]

Cap.

XCVIII.

An Act for further continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Seventeenth Year and Thirty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing and widening several Roads leading to, through and from the Towns of Bala and Dolgelly, in the County of Merioneth, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Montgomery, Denbigh and Salop; and for repairing several other Roads in the Counties of Merioneth and Denbigh, (r) [14th June 1819.]

[Additional Trustees. New Tolls tnflead of former Tolls.]

Cap. xcix.

An Act for continuing and amending Three Acts of His late and present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Brown9 s Lane in Great St aught ony in the County of Huntingdon to the Way Post near Wellingborough B ridge, in the County of Northampton and from the Pound in the Kimbolton to the Way Post near Brington Bridge, in the said County of Northampton. (a) [14th June 1819.]

[Former Tolls to cease. New Tolls granted. Royal Family exempt from Toll.]

a G. 3. C. 78. aa G. 3. c. 95. 38 G. 3. c. xliv. all continued but 38 G. Sf c. xliv. in part repealed, § ia.

7 G. 3. c. 103. in part repealed, §17.

26 G. 3. c. 145. 49G.3-c.liT. all continued for 21 Years, &c. §1. is.

17 G. 3. c.ioo. 36 G, 3. c. X47-both continued for ai Years, &c. £ 1. 37. but in part repealed, $4.

a8 G. a. c. 33. in part repealed,

§7-

14 G. 3. c. ir8. in part repealed,

§n.

39 G. 3. c. 3

Cap.

all continued, §1, but no Term mentioned-

An Act to continue the Term, and enlarge the Powers of several Acts of His late and present Majesty's Reign, 2$ G. a. c. 21. for repairing the Road from the North East Corner of Nuffield Common by the Panfti Church of Nuffield in; 3- c-55* the County of Oxford, through Wallingford to Wantagey and from thence to Farmgion in the County of ^xxxvii Berks, (e) [14th June 1819.] «il continued.

[Additional Trustees.]

Cap. ci.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Seventeenth and Thirty sixth Years »7 G. 3. c. 94. of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Bedford to Woburn f and also the Road branching out in part repealed, of the fame in Kemp/lon Field, in the County of Bedford, (c) [I4th June 1819.] c

continued.

Cap. cu.

An Act for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of an Act of His present Majesty's Reign, for 41 G. 3. U.K. amending the Road leading from Paddington to Harrow on the Hilly in the County of Middlesex. (c.)

[Additional Trustees.

[14th June 1819.] "ued>

Former Tolls to cease. New Tolls granted. Royal Family exempt from Toll.] but in part

repealed, § a8. 43 G.3. e.dv. 44 G. 3. c.lxxx. continued, § a. Cap. ciii*

An Act to alter and amend an Act passed in the Fifty fifth Year of His present Majesty, for improving the 55 G 3- c.xcvii. Harbour of Dundee, in the County of Forfar (c) [I4*h dune 1819.]

[Kings Ships exempt from Duties.]

A.D. 1819.

1076 C.civ — cxv. 59° GEORGII III.

57 G. 3. c.lxiii. in part repealed, §11.

53 G. 3. c. xix.

Ca/. civ.

An Act for giving further Powers to the Company of Proprietors of the Portsmouth and Arundel Navigation, and to the Company of Proprietors of the IVey and Arun Junction Canal, and to confirm an Agreement entered into between the said Companies.

[21st June 1819.]

[ Goods the Property of the Crown exempt from Tolls of Portjbridge Creek.]

10 Gi 3. c. 114-in part repealed, §7-

*3 G. 3. c. 47-in part repealed,

S31-

30 G. 3. c. 65. 34 G. 3. c. 94. in

49 G. 3- c. xli. in part repealed, i

i 1 G. 3. c. cxWi. in part repealed.

36 G. 3. c. 59. (I.) repealed.

4 % G. 3. c. xl. 49 G. 3. c.dx. repealed, §1.

Cap. cv.

An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Canal Navigation from Leeds to Liverpool, to make a Navigable Cut, and also a Collateral Branch or Railway, from their said Canal at Hennis Bridge near Wigan, to join the Duke of Bridgewater's Canal at Leigh, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and to amend the several Acts relating to the said Leeds and Liverpool Canal, and an Act for making the Rochdale Canal, so far as relates to certain Powers therein given to the late Duke of Bridgewater.

[21st June 1819.]

part repealed, $42. 34 G. 3. c. 78.

Cap. cvi.

An Act to explain and amend an Act of the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty, for repealing an Act of the Twenty fifth Year of His present Majesty, for the Improvement of the River Wear, and Port and Haven of Sunderland, in the County Palatine of Durham; and for the more effectual Preservation and further Improvement of the fame River, Port and Haven.

[21st June 1819.]

Cap. cvii.

An Act to establish a Company for lighting the Borough of Newcastle under Lyme with Gas.

[21st June 1819.]

Cap. cviii.

An Act to repeal Part of an Act made in the Fifty first Year of His present Majesty, for paving, cleansing, lighting and watching the Streets, and otherwise regulating the Police of the Town of Dumfries.

[21st June 1819.]

Cap. cix.

An Act for more effectually improving and repairing the Road leading from the City of Dublin to Navan, in the County of Meath. (a) [21st June 1819.]

Cap.

c x.

An Act for making and maintaining certain Turnpike Roads within the County of Dumfries, and the other Highways, Bridges and Ferries therein; and for more effectually converting into Money the Statute Labour in the said County. (a) [21st June 1819.]

Cap. cxi.

34 G f'c An Act to vary and alter certain Acts of His present Majesty, relating to the Grand Junction Canal, the Grand

35 G-3- c. 8* Junction Water Works, and the Regent's Canal, in order to effect an Exchange of Water, for the better

35 G. 3. c. 43. Supply of the Regent's Canal Navigation and Grand Junction Water Works.

[2 2d June 1819.]

xxxiii. 41 G. 3. c.lxxi. 43 G. 3. c.viii. 45 G. 3. c.lxriii. 51 G. 3. c.clxix. 52 G. 3. c.cxl. 52 G. 3. c.exer. in part repealed.

36 G. 3. C. 25.38 G. 3. c.

f 14.15.- 31, 53 G. 3. c.x

Cap. cxii.

5 G-3- c. 51. An for amending an Act of His present Majesty, respecting the Application of certain Surplus Monies 48 G.^c^ixi* paid for measuring, searching and sealing Woollen Cloth, in the West Riding of the County of York. xz G % 2. cl 28.*. [ad July 1819.]

Cap. cxiii.

An Act for erecting, improving, regulating and maintaining Ferries and Passages across the River Tay, in the Counties of Fife and Forfar. \b) [2d July 1819.]

Cap. cxiv.

An Act for repairing and improving, or rebuilding the Church at Barnsley, in the West Riding of the County of York, and for improving and enlarging the Church Yard and Burial Grounds thereof.

[2d July 1819.]

Cap. cxv.

An Act for 'making and maintaining a Railway or Tramroad from Crabtree, in the Parish of Egg Buck land, in the County of Devon, to communicate with the Prison of War on the Forest of Dartmoor, in die Parish of Lydford, in the said County.

[2d July 1819.]

A.D. 1819.

C. cxvi — cxxvi.

59° GEORGII III.

1077

Cap. cxvi.

An Act for more effectually supplying the City of Edinburgh and Places adjacent with Water.9 G. a. c. 74.

[ad t/ii/y 1819.] g*3« c.aS.

Cap. cxvii.

An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Cranjlonhill Water Works to improve their Works. 48 0.3. c. xlif.

[2d July 1819.]

Cap. cxvhi.

An Act for paving, cleansing, lighting and watching the Town of Harwich, in the County of Essex, and supplying the fame with Water.

[2d July 1819.]

[.Lands belonging to His Majesty exempt.]

Cap. cxix.

An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of several Acts of His present Majesty, for amending and a G. 3. c.ai. rendering more effectual several Acts for paving, cleansing and lighting the Squares, Streets, Lanes and 3 G. 3.0.23. other Places in the City and Liberties of Wesbnin/ler, and Parts adjacent; and for putting certain Streets 4 G* 3*0.39. therein mentioned, commonly called Optional Streets, under the Management of Parochial Committees, i1'q*c*5°* subject to the Controul of Commissioners; and for other purposes, as far as the same relate to a Street and 30 q* |* Passage, called Holborn and Middle Row, in the Parish of Saint Andrew Holborn above the Bars, in the 47 G.3* sess. 1. County of Middlesex.

[2d July 1819.] c.xxxviii.

59 G. 3. c.lxxln.

Cap. cxx.

An Act for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, watering, planting, and otherwise improving Edwardes Square, Ear Pi Terrace, Leonard Place, Edwardes Place, Kensington Place East, and Kensington Place West, in the Parish of Saint Mary Abbott's, Kensington, in the County of Middlesex.

[2d July 1819.]

Cap. cxxi.

An Act to repeal so much of an Act of the Fortieth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing certain Roads 40 G. 3. c xv. in the County of Monmouth, as relates to the Pont Pool and UJh Districts of Road, and for granting other repealed as to Powers in lieu thereof, and for making a new Branch of Road from the said UJh District. (a) [2d July 1819.]

[Additional Trustees. One Half Additional Toll on Sunday.] Usk, §1.

Cap. cxxii.

An Act to continue the Term and alter and enlarge the Powers of an Act of His present Majesty's Reign, for 37

repairing the Road from the Guide Post in the Village of Adderbury, in the County of Oxford, through Kid- continued. lington, to the End of the Mileway in the City of Oxford, (b) [2d July 1819.]

[ Additional Trustees

Cap. cxxiii.

An Act for making and maintaining several Roads in the Counties of Roxburgh and Selkirk. (b)

[2d y«/y 1819.]

Cap. cxxiv.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the Thirty fourth Year of the Reign of His 34 G. 3. c. 135. present Majesty, for repairing the Roads leading from the Town of Tewkesbury in the County of Gloucester, continued, and and other Roads therein mentioned, so far as such Act relates to the Road from Stump Cross in the in part repealed, Parish of Didbrook, to Stow on the Wold in the County of Gloucester. (b) [2d July 1819.]

[ Additional Trustees.]

Cap. cxxv.

An Act for authoring the Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy to establish a Market at the Town of Pembroke Dock, in the County of Pembroke, and to make Regulations for the paving, lighting, cleansing and good Order of the said Town.

[2d July 1819.]

Cap. cxxvi.

An Act to rebuild Windsor Bridge, in the Borough of New Windsor, in the County of Berks; and to9G. % c. 15. improve the Avenues thereto, (a) [6th July 1819.]

59 Geo. III.

6 Y

tQJ& C. cxxvii, cxxviii

A.D. 1819. 59° GEORGII III.

Cap. cxxviL

55 G.5. c.xck. An Act to alter and amfend an Act made in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled in part repealed, j^n jg to fa jfgs now \n jorce reJating f0 Bread to be sold in the City of London and the Liberties

thereof \ and within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and Ten Miles of the Royal Exchange; and to prevent the

Adulteration of Meal, Flour and Bread, and to regulate the Weights of Bread within the same Limits. (b)

[13th July 1819.]

Cap. cxxviii.

An Act for amending and keeping in repair the Mail Coach Road leading from Banbridge in the County of Down, to Belfast in the County of Antrim* (b) [13th July 1819.]

[Additional Trustees. Royal Family exempt from Toll.0}

A.D. 1819. 59° GEORGII III.

jPr. C. I — 9. to 79

PRIVATE ACTS,

PRINTED BY THE KING'S PRINTER,

AND WHEREOF THE PRINTED COPIES MAY BE GIVEN IN EVIDENCE.

N.B. To each of tbcfe Acts is annexed a Clause in the form following.

And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the several Printers to The King's Most«Excellent Majesty, duly authorised to print the Statutes of the United Kingdom, and that a Copy thereof u so printed by any of them, shall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Justices and others."

Cap. I.

AN Act for inclosing certain Lands in the Parish of Baton, in the County of Gloucester.

[23d March 1819.]

Cap. 2.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Kelton and Arlecdon, in the Parishes of Lamplugh and Artec don, in the County of Cumberland.

[23d March 1819.]

t Proviso for Rector of Lamplugh fueing in respect of Tithes, §13. Allotment to Rector of Arlecdon to be €t fenced, { 28. Commissioners to value Tithes in Lamplugh, §29.; and may purchase Lands to compen-" fate Rector of Lamplugh for Tithes, { 30, 31. If Rector evided, Tithes again payable, §34. Until u Purchase made, ancient Inclosures and Commons to remain liable to Tithes, §35. When Tithes to " Rector of Arlecdon to cease, §44.

Cap. 3.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Clone and Manheim, in the County of Kildare.

[6th April 1819.]

Cap. 4.

An Act for facilitating Partition of the Estates of Charlotte Myddelton Biddulph Widow, the Honourable Frederick West and Maria his Wife, and Harriet Myddelton Spinster, whereof Partition has been decreed to be made by His Majesty's High Court of Chancery.

[6th April 1819.]

Cap. g.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Tithing of Rodbome, in the Parish of Samt Paul, Mahnsbury, hi the County of Wilts [7th April 1819.]

Cap. 6.

An Act to enable the Curate and Patron of the Curacy of the Parochial Chapel of the Chapelry of Burnley % in the County Palatine of Lancaster, for the time being, to grant Leases of the Glebe Lands belonging to the said Curacy* [8th April 1819.]

f* Certain Parts of the Glebe Lands not to be let, §4.

Cap. 7.

An Act for vesting a Moiety of a yearly Rent of Four hundred Pounds, discharged from certain Entails created therein, in Trustees, for Georgiana Amelia Countess de Durfort, in trull for Sale.

[19th May 1819.]

Cap. 8.

An Act for vesting certain Estates devised by the Will and Codicil of Mary Spencer Widow, deceased, in Trustees, to be Told for the purposes therein mentioned. Mey 1819.]

Cap. 9.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Bambrough, in the West Riding of the County of York.

[19th May 1819.]

Rector with Consent of Bishop and Patron may lease Allotments for 21 Years, §30.

6 Y 2

io8o

JPr.C, 10 — 20. 59° GEORGII III. A.D. 1819.

Cap. 10.

An Act for inclosing Lands within the Parish of East Drayton, in the County of Nottingham.

[19th May 1819.]

" Proviso for Right to Tithes, and manner of Payment, §35.

Cap. 11.

An Act to amend an Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Beddsngton, in the Manor of Bandon, in the County of Surrey; and to determine the Boundary of the Parish of Beddington, and the adjoining Parish, upon a certain Common called Mitcham Common, Part whereof is intended to be inclosed under the said Act.

[19th May 1819.]

Cap. 12. f Martoci

u Vicar's Allotment to be fenced, §29. Present Vicar to grant Leases, §33.

An Act for inclosing Lands within the Parishes of Martoci and Muchclney, in the County of Somerset.

[19th May 1819.]

Cap. 13.

An Act for allotting Lands in the Parish of Durrington, and in the Tithing of Knighton, in the Parish of Figheldean, in the County of Wilts.

[19th May 1819.]

Cap. 14.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of East Rudham, West Rasnbam, and Hclboughton, in the County of Norfolk.

[19th May 1819.]

" Vicars, with Consent of Bishop and Patron, may lease their Allotments, §38.

Cap. 15.

An Act for inclosing Farington Mojs, and other Commons and Waste Grounds within the Manor and Township of Farington, in the rarish of Penivortham, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

[19th May 1819.]

" Allotment to Owners of Tithes, §30. Compensation for Tithes by Landholders not entitled to Common " Right, §32. Tithes to be taken till Allotments made in lieu thereof, §33. Power to Husbands, &c. to u purchase Tithes, §34.

Cap. 16.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Penifton, in the West Riding of the County of York* and for the Commutation of Tithes within the lame Township.

[19th May 1819.]

" Allotments for Tithes of Common and of ancient Inclosures. to open Fields, §17, 18. Vicar's Allot-u ments to be fenced, §26 — 28. Allotments to Hospital in lieu of Tithes, {31. Power to Vicar to lease u his Allotment, §44.

Cap. 17.

An Act for inclosing and leafing or letting certain Commons or Parcels of Waste Ground, called Oier Hill and Gross Green, within the Township of Wenjley and Snitterton, in the Parish of Darley, in the County of Derby; and for applying the Rents and Profits thereof in aid of the Poors Rate of the said Township.

[19th May 1819.]

Cap. 18.

An Act for inclosing Lands within the Parish of Telling, in the County of Huntingdon, and for making a Compensation for the Tithes.

[19th May 1819.]

u Allotment for Glebe Lands, §21. Agreement for Tithes, §24. Compensation to Rector of Telling for u Tithes, §25. Tithes extinguished, §29. Fencing Rector's Allotment, §30. Power for Rector to lease» u §36. Lease not valid without the King's Consent, $ 37*

Cap. 19.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Stanton Lacy and Bromfield, in the County of Salop.

[19th May 1819.]

u Rector's and Vicar's Allotments fenced, §36.5 and may be leased, §37.

Cap. 20.

An Act to authorise the Sale of Lands settled for the perpetual Augmentation of the Curacy of Morton» in County of Salop. June 1819.]

t€ Purchase Money to be paid to Queen Anno* Bounty, §2.

1

A.D. 1819. 59° GEORGII 1IL 21 — 31.

Cap. 21.

An Act for enabling the Keepers and Governors of the Possessions, Revenues, and Goods of the Free Grammar School of John Lyon, within the Town of Harrow on the Hill, in the County of Middlesex, to grant Building Leases of certain of the Grounds and Estates heretofore of the said John Lyon [14th June 1819.]

Cap. 22.

An Act to enable the Dean and Chapter of Hereford to rebuild the Almshouses of Saint Catherine*8 Hospital, in the Borough of Ledbury, in the County of Hereford; and for the better Regulation of the Affairs of that Charity.

[14th June 1819.]

Cap. 23.

An Act to enable the Dean and Chapter of Hereford to discharge certain Debts incurred in repairing the Cathedral Church of Hereford.

[14th June 1819.]

Cap. 24.

An Act for empowering Trustees to fell certain Freehold and Copyhold Estates, devised by the Will of John Broadburjl Esquire, and to lay out the Purchase Money arising from the Sale thereof in the Purchase of other Estates to be settled in lieu thereof, and to the same Uses.

[14th Jnne 1819.]

Cap. 25.

An Act for effecting an Exchange of certain Estates in the County of Worcester, in part devised by the Will of Arthur Charlett Esquire, and in part purchased under the Directions thereof, for certain other Estates in the Counties of Worcester and Hereford, belonging to James Wakeman Newport Esquire.

[14th June 1819.]

Cap. 26.

An Act for enabling William Archer Dixon, and other the Guardian or Guardians for the time being of Thomas Fenton, an Infant, to grant Building Leases of One Moiety of certain Freehold Lands called Spice Island, in the Parish of Saint George, in the County of Middlesex.

[14th June 1819.]

Cap. 27.

An Act for vesting certain Parts of the Lands and Barony of Gorthy, comprised in a Deed of Entail made by the Trustees of David Stewart Moncreiffe Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to sell the same, and apply the Purchase Money arising by such Sale in the Payment of the Land Tax due out of the said Estate, and certain other Entailed Estates descendible to the Heirs taking under the said Deed; for purchasing and entailing other Lands more conveniently situated; and for granting Power to feu certain Parts of the said Entailed Estates.

[14th June 1819.]

Cap 28.

An Act to confirm the Title of the Most Noble William Spencer Duke of Devon/hire, to the Manors of Brindle and Injkip, and Estates in Brindle, In/kip and Ecclesion, in the County of Lancaster.

[14th June 1819.]

Cap. 29.

An Act for inclosing Lands in Winton cum Barmfton and Barmston, in the Parish of Barmfton, in the East Riding of the County of York.

[14th June 1819.]

u Allotment for Glebe, §11. Compensation for Tithes, §12. Apportionment of Corn Rents in case of u Death, &c. of Rector, §13. When Tithes to cease, §17. Glebe Allotments to be fenced, §19.

Cap. 30.

An Act for inclosing, and exonerating from Tithes, Lands in the Manor and Parish of Thornton in Cravenp in the County of York, [14th ^une 1819.]

Allotment to Rector for Glebe and Common Right, §23, 24. Tithes to be valued by Commissioner, " f 25. Compensation for Tithes, { 26. 31. 34. Residue of Commons to be sold for Expences and Pur-u chafe of Land for Compensation for Tithes, §28. Commutation for Tithes, §29. Tithes payable till u Allotments made. See, §32. Rector's Allotment to be ring-fenced, §33. Rector empowered to lease " Allotment, §38.

Cap. 31.

An Act for inclosing Aldington Freight, otherwise Aldington Frkh, in the Parish of Aldington, in the County of Kent. % [14th June 1819.]

1081

Pr. C. 32 — 43

A.D. 1819. 59° GEORGII III.

Cap. 32*

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Ingham, in the County of Norfolk.

[14th June 1819.]

Cap. 33.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Harlington, in the County of Middlesex.

[14th June 1819.]

u Rector's Allotment fenced, §25. Power to Rector to lease his Allotment, §31.

Cap. 34.

An Act for vesting certain Estates in the Counties of Wilts, Warwick, Gloucester, Worcester and Durham, devised by the Will of Thomas Edwards Freeman Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold; and for laying out the Money arising from such Sale, in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled, in lieu thereof, to the same Uses.

[21st June 1819.]

Cap. 35.

An Act for confirming and establishing Leases and Contrafts for Leases made by the Trustees and Executors of the Will of Thomas Holloway Esquire, deceased, of certain Parts of his Freehold, Copyhold and Leasehold festates and Property; and for enabling them to make Leases and Contrafts for Leases of other Parts of the fame Estates and Property, in manner therein mentioned.

[21st June 1819.]

Cap. 36.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of West Walton, in the County of Norfolk.

[21st June 1819.]

" The King's Allotment may be sold before Execution of Award, §31. Commissioner to make Extract of so t€ much of Award as relates to the King's Allotment, and transmit the same to the Commissioners of the Woods u and Forests, §32.

Cap. 37-

An Act for incorporating the Trustees of the Charities of Joseph Evans, late of Belevan, in the County of Kilkenny, Esquire, deceased, and for vetting in the said Trustees so incorporated, Real and Personal Estates of the said Joseph Evans, for the Support of the said Charities.

[2d July 1819.]

Cap. 38.

An Act for vesting the Settled Estates of Lancelot Rolleston Esquire, in Hucknall Torkard, in the County of Nottingham, in Trustees, to be sold, for paying off Incumbrances, and for purchasing other Estates with the Residue of the Purchase Monies, to be settled to the same Uses.

[2d July 1819.]

Cap. 39.

An Act to empower the Committees of Thomas Smyth Esquire, a Lunatic, to grant Leases of Estates vetted in him as Tenant in Tail Male; and for confirming certain Leases already granted by them.

[2d July 1819.]

Cap. 40

An Act to enable the Committees of the Estate of Thomas Smyth Esquire, to sign Consents to Leases of Parts of the Glebe belonging to the Vicarage of the Church of Camberwell, and for vetting Part of the Glebe in Trustees for Sale, for the purposes therein mentioned.

[2d July 1819.]

u The Vicar, with Consent of the Bishop of Winchester, to lay out Land for Roads. §3.

Cap. 41*

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Norton in Hales, in the County of Salop.

[2d July 1819.]

" Compensation for Tithes, §19. When Tithes are to cease, §23.

Cap. 42.

An Act for vesting the Estates devised by the Will of Hannah Pownall Widow, deceased, situate in the County of Torn, in Trustees, for Sale; and for investing the Purchase Money in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the former Uses.

[6th July 1819.]

Cap. 43.

An Act for vesting in Fee-simple in the Right Honourable George Earl of Aberdeen, or the Heir of Entail in Possession, certain Parts of the entailed Lands and Barony of Fedderat, in the County of Aberdeen, upon entailing certain other Lands in the County of Aberdeen, equivalent in Value thereto.

[6th July 1819.]

A.D. 1819. 59° GEORGII III. 44, 45.

Cap. 44.

An Act for vesting the Manor of Oram, and certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, in the County of Sussex, Part of the Settled Estates by the Will of Samuel Bunt Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, and for vetting the Money arising from such Sale in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses.

[6th July 1819.]

Cap 4*

An Act for aflifting the rebuilding of London House, belonging to the See of London.

[6th July 1819.]

WHEREAS the Right Honourable and Right Reverend William Lord Bishop of London is, in right of his See, seised in Fee Simple of a Capital Messuage or Mansion House called London House, situate on the East Side of Saint James's Square in the Parish of Saint James Westminster, in the County of Middlesext which, ever since it became vetted in the said See, has been used as the Town Residence of the Bishop of London for the time being: And Whereas the said Messuage or Mansion House was purchased for the Use of the said See in the Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy one, when it was so old that it was not expected to stand above Fifty Years from that time 5 and when the said William Lord Bishop of London was promoted to the said See, which was in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, it was in so dilapidated a State as to make it necessary that the whole or the greater Part thereof should be taken down and rebuilt, the Expence of which having been estimated at the Sum of Ten thousand Pounds, it would not be just, under the peculiar Circumstances of the Case, that the fame should be wholly borne and defrayed by the present Bishop : May it therefore please Your Most Excellent Majesty (at the Petition of the said William Lord Bishop of London) that it may be enacted\ and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for the said William Lord Bishop of London, or the Bishop of London for the time being, to borrow and take up at interest, in the manner herein after mentioned, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole Ten thousand Pounds, and as a Security for the Money so to be borrowed, by Indenture or Indentures to be duly sealed and delivered, to demise all or any of the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Rents or Hereditaments of or belonging to the said See, to any Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, who shall be willing to lend or advance the fame, or to such Person or Persons as such Lender or Lenders may nominate or appoint, for any Term or Terms of Years, but to be fubie& to a Proviso or Provisoes in such Mortgage or Mortgages to be contained, for the Lessor of every such Term or Terms of Years, on Payment to the Party or Parties, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, who shall advance the fame, or any Part or Parts thereof, his, her or their Executors, Administrators, Successors or AfEgns, the principal Sum or Sums so to be borrowed, and such interest as shall become due for the fame, at the times and in manner herein after mentioned; that is to say, the interest thereof, at such Rate as shall be agreed upon, to be paid by equal Half Yearly Payments on the Days to be therein appointed, and One Twentieth Part of the Principal Money at the End of each Year 5 which Mortgage or Mortgages when so made, after the same shall have been registered in the Office of the Registrar of 5ie Diocese of Londont shall bind every succeeding. Bishop in the said See, until the Principal Money, interest and Costs shall be paid off and discharged, as fully and effectually as if such Successor had made or executed the same.

II. And be it further enacted, That every such Mortgage shall contain a Covenant from the Lord Bishop making the same, for himself, his Heirs, Executors and Administrators, to pay and keep down so much of the said Principal Money and interest as shall become payable upon such Mortgage or Mortgages during the Period of his continuing to hold the said See,

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That whenever the Principal Money and interest to be secured by any such Mortgage or Mortgages shall be in arrear and unpaid for more than Forty Days after the same shall become due, it shall be lawful for such Mortgagee or Mortgagees, his or their Executors, Administrators, Successors or Assigns, to recover the fame or so much thereof as shall be. then due, and the Costs and Charges attending the Kecoveiy thereof, by Distress and Sale, in such manner as Rents may by Law be recovered by Landlords from their Tenants.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Money so to be borrowed shall be paid into the Hands of such Person or Persons as shall be nominated or appointed to receive and apply the fame for the purposes aforesaid, by the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury for the time being, and the Lord Bishop of London for the time being, by Writing under their Hands, on such Nominee or Nominees giving a Bond to the Archbishop and Bishop so nominating or appointing as aforesaid, with sufficient Surety in Double the Sura so to be borrowed or raised, with Condition for his duly applying and accounting for the fame, according to the Directions of this Act; and the Receipt or Receipts 01 toe Person or Persons so to be nominated shall be a sufficient Discharge to the Person or Persons who shall advance and pay the Money; and the Person or Persons so to be nominated shall or may from time to time enter into Contracts with proper Persons for such rebuilding, wholly or in part, and repairing the said Mansion House in Saint James's Square and its Offices, as* shall be approved by the said Archbishop and Bishop for the time being, and shall be specified in an Instrument or Instruments upon Parchment, and signed by them, and also shall or may, with the like Approbation from time* to time xefcind or vary any such Contracts, and shall inspect and have the Care of the Execution of such Contracts, and shall pay die Money for such rebuilding and Repairs, according to the Terms of such Contracts, or otherwise shall superintend and inspect such rebuilding and repairing, and pay* the Money for the fame, as the said

Arch-

1083

Bishop of London, may borrow on Mortgage of Fremuea belonging^ his Sea* ro, ooool.

Covenant to pay and keep down Principal and Interest. Mortgagee empowered to disimia, hr case of Nonpayment, for Forty Days.

The Money to be paid to a PiMUtartotoa-nnminated by the Arobbaabop

of Canterbury

and Bishop of London*

1084 Pr.C. 45-

59° GEORGII III.

A.D. 1819.

Archbishop and Bishop shall in manner aforesaid approve and direct, and shall take proper Receipts for the Money so paid or applied; and as soon as the Works and things by this Act directed to be done shall be completed, and the Money paid, shall make out an Account of his Receipts and Payments, and enter them in a Book fairly written, which shall be signed by such Person or Persons, and laid before the said Archbishop and Bishop for the time being, together with the Vouchers for such Payments, and examined by them, and when allowed by Writing under their Hands, such Allowance shall be a full Discharge to the Person or Persons so nominated, in respect to the said Account; and if any Balance shall remain in the Hands of such Nominee or Nominees after the Payments aforesaid, and also after making to him or them such Compensation for his or their Trouble as the said Archbishop and Bishop shall think reasonable, the same shall be paid in discharge of so much of the principal Debt secured by such Mortgage or Mortgages as such Balance will extend to pay; all which Accounts, when made out, completed and allowed, shall be deposited, together with the Vouchers, in the Hands of the Registrar of the Diocese of London for the time being, for the Use and Benefit of the Lord Bishop of London for the time being, who shall have a Right to inspect the fame, and take Copies thereof, whenever Occasion shall require,

V. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That notwithstanding any such Mortgage or Mortgages as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said William Lord Bishop of London, and his Successors in the said See, from time to time to make such Leases, except so far as he and they are restrained by this Act, as he or they might have made in case this Act 'and the said Mortgage or Mortgages had not been passed or made; and that such Mortgage or Mortgages shall also be subject to the Effect of all such Leases as have been already made of any of the Foffessions of the said See, and are now subsisting.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Lord Bishop making such Mortgage or Mortgages as aforesaid, and every succeeding Bishop in the said See for the time being, shall and he and they is and are hereby required to pay and discharge yearly and every Year, One Twentieth Part of the Principal Money thereby secured, until the whole of such Money shall be discharged; and also from time to time to pay the Interest due

__________ on such Principal Money; and that every such Bishop shall annually at his own Expence, from the time when

Principal, every such Mansion House shall be completed, according to this Act, insure at one of the Public Offices in London or Year. Westminster for Insurance of Houses and Buildings, the said Mansion House, and the Offices belonging thereto,

against Accidents by Fire, at the Sum of Ten thousand Pounds at the leaf!.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Lease or Leases shall at any time or times hereafter be made of the said Mansion House and Premises in Saint James's Square, or its Offices, or any Part thereof, by the said William Lord Bishop of London, or his Successors in the said See.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That upon every such Vacancy as shall happen of the said See before such Mortgage or Mortgages shall be difcjiarged, the Lord Bishop for the time being avoiding the

See, Bishop va- his Heirs, Executors or Administrators, shall pay so much of the Half Yearly Payment of Interest, and

Prmorion of I^nknent of the Principal Money secured by such Mortgage or Mortgages, accruing and not actually

Interest and accrued due at the time of his ceasing to be Bishop of the said See, as will be in proportion to the time whicti Instalment of shall have elapsed between the Payment due or made in the preceding Half Year, and the Payment to grow due or to be made in the next succeeding Half Year.

IX. And Whereas there is (landing in the Name of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, ex parte the Wardens and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers of the City of London, the Account of William Lord Bishop of London, the Sum of Five thousand and forty Pounds Twelve Shillings and Sixpence Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Annuities, which was purchased with the Sum of Three thousand four hundred and twenty seven Pounds Twelve Shillings and Seven Pence Cash, paid into the Bank in the Name of the said Accountant General, by the said Wardens and Commonalty, as or for the Consideration for the Purchase (for the purposes of the Act herein after mentioned) of certain Tenements in or near Saint Paul's Church Yard in the said City, belonging to the said Lord Bishop, in right of his See; and which said Sum of Five thousand and forty Pounds Twelve Shillings and Sixpence Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Annuities, is, under or by virtue of an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to enable the Trustees of Saint Paul's School, ' in the City of London, to purchase Buildings and Land adjoining or near to the said School, for the better Accommodation of the Scholars, and for other purposes, subject to a Trust to be invested under the Direction of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, to be settled to the Use of the said William Lord Bishop of London, and his Successors in the said See, who are entitled to the Dividends or Interest thereof in the meantime until Investment of the fame in such Purchase of Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments as aforesaid* Be it therefore further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the uraer on ire- Court of Chancery, upon Petition to be preferred to the said Court in a summary Way by or on the

tition, for ascer- behalf of the said William Lord Bishop of London, his Executors or Administrators, to make such Order or Orders as to the fame Court shall seem meet, for taxing and ascertaining the Costs, Charges and Expences of applying for and obtaining and passing this Act, and the Costs and Expences of or attending such Application to the said Court, and for raising and paying all such Costs, Charges and Expences as aforesaid, by Sale of a competent Part of the said Sum of Five thousand and forty Pounds Twelve Shillings and Sixpence Three Pounds per Centitm Consolidated Annuities.

Governors of X. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Governors authorised or appointed to regulate Queen Anne's superintend the Bounty given by Her late Majesty Queen Anne, for the Augmentation of the Maintenance riaedto advance P°°r Clergy, to a(lvance and lend any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding the said Sum of Ten

She Money.

Proviso for the Bishop's Power of leasing.

The Bishop for the time being to pay the .Interest, and One-twentieth Part of the

No Lease to Be made of London House.

On every Vacancy of the

Principal then accruing.

Reciting that 5, 0401. xas. 6d. Consols belonging to the See, is standing in the Accountant General's Name.

58 G. 3. c.».

iv.

Court of Chancery may make Qfder on re-

taining and taxing the Expences of the Act.

thousand Pounds, out of the promoting and assisting

F the Money which has arisen or shall from time to time arise from that Bounty for the several purposes of this A &; and such Mortgage and Security as aforesaid shall

be

A.D. 1819. 59° GEORGII III. 45 — 49.

be made for Repayment in manner aforesaid, by Instalments, of the principal Sum or Sums so to be advanced, with lawful Intereil for the fame, by such Half Yearly Payments as aforesaid.

XI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the several Printers to The King's Most Excellent Majesty, duly authorised to print the Statutes of the United Kingdom; and a Copy thereof, so printed by any of them, shall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Justices and others.

Cap. 46.

An Act for vesting certain Estates, devised by the Will of Jofeyh Fayrer, and now held in undivided Shares, in a Trustee, to be sold; and for invelting the Purchase Monies of the Shares of such of the Parties interested as are Infants, in the Purchase of other Estates, to be conveyed to them, according to their respective Rights and Interests, in lieu of such Shares.

[6th July 1819.]

Cap. 47.

An Act to empower the Trustees of the Will of the late Peter Bernard\ Surgeon, to grant Building Leases of Land deviled by his said Will, situated in the Town and County of Southampton.

[12th July 1819.]

Cap 48.

An Act for amending and enlarging the Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for better regulating the Charity of John Shaftoe of Nether Warden, in the County of Northumberland.

[12th July 1819.]

Cap. 49.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Alvingham, in the County of Lincoln.

[12th July 1819.]

" Allotments for Tithes, §24. Commissioners to deduct for Modules, §25. Persons not haring open

" Lands to pay in Money for Tithes, §26. Power for Rector and Vicar to grant Leases, §30. Tithes " payable till Allotments made, #33. Glebe and Tithe Allotments fenced, §39.

y9 Geo. III.

[Index removed.]

END OF THE SEVENTH VOLUME.

